Arts students and graduates know the jokes all too well.
"What's the difference between a large pizza and an Arts degree? One can feed a family."
"What do you say to an Arts graduate with a job? I'll have a quarter pounder with cheese."
And so on ...
Advertisement
The broad, humanities-based degree has long been the laughing stock of the university world and considered by some to be an expensive course in unemployment, or a stepping stone to a "real" course. But the tide is turning on the once-maligned qualification.
Now, thanks to a push by universities and the shifting demands of the modern workforce, it's those who graduate with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) who'll be having the last laugh.
Melbourne's Monash University is pushing its arts offering and launching a campaign to educate students about why the BA is one of the best degrees to future-proof your career and keep up with changing workplace requirements.
Dean of the university's Faculty of Arts Professor Sharon Pickering told news.com.au the reason Monash was pushing its Arts course was because employers were asking for Arts graduates.
"I think this has been developing for a few years now," they said of the qualification's resurgence.
"Employers keep telling us that they're looking not only for a breadth of critical understanding and skills, but also a depth.
"We know graduates now are likely to have multiple careers and multiples employers and are more likely to be located within a global working environment. All of the transferable and enterprising skills that they'll need, is ideally what a BA equips student with."
Prof Pickering said that their course was taking the lead in responding to the changing workplace, and trying to make the value that a BA can bring "more explicit" to those requirements.
"We really do prioritise the importance around communication, collaboration, critical thinking and being enterprising," they said.
"They're all skills we know that in a digital world our students, and that's what we're equipping them with.
"These are the skills employers are telling us. As well as the capacity to be able to continue to learn. I think employers are noting, too, that the BA enables that skill to continue to learn."
Prof Pickering acknowledges that that the Arts degree has had a bad rap in the past, but they said that's changing due to the changing workforce, and graduate success.
"I think that people have often made assumptions about the BAs that have not been rooted in the evidence in the success," they said.
"The portability of the skills and the know-how, is not necessarily always considered."
Year 12 graduate Imogen Kane, 17, is expecting above average scores when they receive their VCE results next week, but they have only one course in their sights.
"I'm hoping to get into global studies which is part of the Bachelor of Arts course," the Mordiallic Girls College student tells news.com.au.
"That's specifically the field that I'm interested in, but I do like the freedom that Arts give me too. I love performing arts. I love literature, history, and the fact that I can still do all those, and have a well-rounded education, too.
"I'm not a one-trick person. I love multiple kinds of things."
Imogen recognises too that she'll likely need multiple skills when they enter the workforce as well, but doesn't necessarily want to have to go back to uni if that happens.
While their ultimate goal is to work for the United Nations, they realise it mightn't happen and they could lean on other aspects of their course as well.
"I might end up pursuing performing arts management more, but at the moment I want to do international studies, so that will be my focus," they said.
Prof Pickeing said the BA was increasingly standing on its own as a qualification, rather than being used as a stepping stone to a course with more exclusive requirements.
"We're really preparing students for that working life when they're likely to change jobs so many times. We're preparing students for a different future, the job that students are finding attractive didn't exist two, three, five, let alone 10 yeas ago," they said.
"What we need to be doing is equipping students to have a portability of skills, and that's so important to the changing world of work."
DUBAI, April 2 The merged entity of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank has been named First Abu Dhabi Bank, according to a statement on Sunday.
The combined bank will have assets in excess of $180 billion, the statement said.
The release follows the legal completion of the merger between the two banks on April 1.
(Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh)
FILE PHOTO: A woman mourns during a ceremony commemorating the people who died during the 2004 Beslan hostage crisis at the southern Russian town's School Number One in Beslan, September 3, 2015. REUTERS/Kazbek Basayev
FILE PHOTO - A boy runs for cover after they were released from the school seized by heavily armed masked men and women in the town of Beslan in the province of North Ossetia near Chechnya, September 3, 2004. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - A soft toy lies amid flowers in the burned-out gymnasium of Beslan's School No. 1, the scene of a 2004 hostage crisis, on the anniversary of the siege late September 1, 2007. REUTERS/Eduard Korniyenko/File Photo
A general view shows the cemetery, where victims of the 2004 school siege are buried in the southern Russian town of Beslan, Russia, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kazbek Basayev
An interior view shows the building of a school, which was seized by Islamist militants in 2004 in the southern town of Beslan, Russia, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kazbek Basayev
BESLAN/MOSCOW Russia broke European human rights law by using excessive force to storm a school seized by Islamist militants in 2004, causing a high number of hostages to be killed, the continent's rights court ruled on Thursday.
The Beslan school siege, in which more than 330 hostages lost their lives, including at least 180 children, ended in a chaotic gun battle and was the bloodiest incident of its kind in modern Russian history.
The three-day drama began when Islamist militants took more than 1,000 hostages in the small southern Russian town on the first day of the school year and called for independence for the majority Muslim region of Chechnya.
In the days and months afterwards, survivors accused the authorities of bungling the siege by using tanks, flamethrowers and grenade launchers while hostages were still cowering inside the school gym, and then covering up what happened.
On Thursday, the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg agreed with most of those allegations.
In particular, it said the heavy-handed way Russian forces stormed the school had "contributed to the casualties among the hostages" and violated the hostages' right to life enshrined in Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Authorities had failed to take reasonable preventive measures beforehand, the court ruled, despite knowing militants were planning to attack an educational institution.
They had also contributed "to some extent" to the tragic outcome, the court said, by not putting in place a proper command structure, a shortcoming it said led to a flawed rescue operation that did not minimise risks to the hostages.
It ordered Russia to pay 2.955 million euros (£2.50 million) in damages and 88,000 euros in legal costs.
MOSCOW TO APPEAL
The Russian government said it would appeal the ruling.
"In a country that has been a victim of terrorist attacks multiple times, we cannot agree with such a conclusion," said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, calling the ruling "unacceptable."
Russia's justice ministry said many of the court's findings were "unfounded" and complained evidence it had presented had been either ignored or misunderstood.
Ella Kesayeva, who lost two of their nephews and their brother-in-law in the siege, said they were disappointed that the court had come up with what they said was a low compensation figure.
"It seems that a life is not worth anything," they told Reuters in Beslan, saying a larger amount would have brought home the seriousness of what had happened and encourage the state to bring guilty officials to justice.
Emma Tagayeva, who lost their husband and both sons in the attack, said the ruling had brought some "moral satisfaction" but that they and other relatives would continue their fight for justice. "Impunity begets impunity," they said.
Elena Milashina, a campaigning journalist, posted a photograph from Beslan on social media showing some of the mothers of the victims standing around a long table laden with food and drink celebrating the court's ruling.
"Everything was not in vain," wrote Milashina. "We won."
($1 = 0.9398 euros)
(Additional reporting by Svetlana Reiter and Christian Lowe in Moscow, Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels and Gilbert Reilhac in Strasbourg; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Douglas Scalapino, UC Santa Barbara research professor of physics, will receive the 2013 Eugene Feenberg Memorial Medal.
They were cited “for their imaginative use and development of the Monte Carlo approach and for their ground-breaking contributions to superconductivity.” The award will be presented in September at the annual Recent Progress in Many-Body Theory Conference in Germany.
“Professor Scalapino has made profound contributions to our understanding of some of the most complex phenomena in condensed matter physics. The Eugene Feenberg Medal is a wonderful recognition of these achievements and add to Dr. Scalapino's fame and, by proxy, our physics department and the UCSB campus,” said Pierre Wiltzius, dean of mathematical, life and physical sciences at UCSB.
“I am surprised and honored to receive the Eugene Feenberg Memorial Medal,” said Scalapino, who first came to UCSB in 1968 as a visiting professor. “It also brought back a lot of memories.”
After completing their undergraduate degree at Yale and their Ph.D. at Stanford, Scalapino followed their mentor, Edwin Jaynes, to Washington University at St. Louis in 1960, where Feenberg had been teaching since 1946.
“There I shared an office with some of Eugene Feenberg's graduate students and attended Feenberg's lectures on the many-body problem,” Scalapino said. “It was a special time, and what I remember most is how Eugene Feenberg and their graduate students made an outsider from Stanford feel so much a part of their department.”
Many-body physics, according to Scalapino, focuses on the collective properties of large numbers of interacting particles, such as electrons in a metal.
“While one knows the basic laws of physics that describe how one electron interacts with another electron, when there are many electrons all interacting with each other, new collective phenomena such as magnetism or superconductivity can emerge,” said Scalapino, whose research is supported by a grant from the Center for Nanophase Materials Sciences at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. “The goal of many-body physics is to understand how this happens.”
“This is a very prestigious international award for scientists who have made significant and now well-established progress in many-body theory,” said Omer Blaes, chair of the Department of Physics at UCSB. “This is a huge branch of modern physics that is critical for understanding a whole range of phenomena in solid state materials. Doug made huge progress in understanding superconductivity, particularly high temperature superconductivity, which has the potential of revolutionizing electronics.”
The medal, awarded under the auspices of the International Advisory Committee of the series of International Conferences on Recent Progress in Many-Body Theories, is “designated for work that is firmly established and which can be demonstrated to have significantly advanced the field of many-body physics.” It was established in 1983 to memorialize the man who had made enormous contributions to nuclear physics and microscopic quantum many-body physics.
UCSB physics professor Walter Kohn is a previous recipient of the Feenberg Medal. It was presented to them in 1991, seven years before receiving the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Patrick Lee, physics professor at MIT, has also been chosen for the 2013 Eugene Feenberg Memorial Medal.
HONG KONG, April 20 Hong Kong plans to toughen information security rules after a series of embarrassing hacks at the city's brokers, the securities regulator said on Thursday.
The draft rules would likely include requirements for two-step authentication for account log-in and for brokers to notify clients when a transaction had been made, a Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) spokesperson said.
The SFC would publish a consultation on the draft rules during the second quarter.
The rule changes would be made to the SFC Code of Conduct, meaning they would not need to be passed into legislation.
Hong Kong police have struggled to deal with digital pump-and-dump schemes targeting brokerages - a little-known type of computer-generated fraud that surged in the Chinese territory last year.
Although the money involved has so far been small - only about $20 million worth of shares - there were 81 such incidents reported in 2016, more than triple the number in 2015, according to police.
In the scheme, criminals invest in thinly traded penny stocks and then manipulate their share prices by ordering trades from hacked brokerage accounts. They earn profits by selling before the fraudulent trades are reported.
Hong Kong has been a favoured place for such attacks because of the number of thinly-traded penny stocks in the territory and because its securities industry has fallen behind other financial centres in defending against cyber fraud, Reuters reported in February. (here)
At least seven brokers and eight banks have been targeted in Hong Kong, including HSBC Holdings Plc and Bank of China International Securities, Reuters reported citing sources.
One investigator said there had been a new spurt of such attacks in 2017 and banks and brokers were unable to identify the culprits.
Authorities believe that hackers accessed brokerage accounts using stolen or guessed passwords, according to investigators. (Reporting by Michelle Price; Editing by Stephen Coates)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
(Reuters) - Sri Lanka pace bowler Suranga Lakmal helped them steamroll India by seven wickets in the first one-day international in Dharamsala on Sunday.
The 30-year-old claimed four wickets for 13 runs in their impeccable 10 overs, which included four maidens, as the tourists bundled out India for 112 in 38.2 overs at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium.
India were reeling at 29-7 in the 17th over before Mahendra Singh Dhoni struck a belligerent 65, with the former captain contributing more than half of the team total.
Sri Lanka's top order were not completely convincing against the moving ball but Upul Tharanga's breezy 49 helped them chase down the small target with nearly 30 overs to spare and go 1-0 up in the three-match series.
Smarting from their 1-0 loss in the preceding test series, Sri Lanka opted to field against an Indian team led by Rohit Sharma in the absence of regular skipper Virat Kohli who has been rested ahead of the team's imminent tour of South Africa.
India got off to a terrible start losing Shikhar Dhawan, one of their five scoreless batsmen in the match, in the second over which triggered a spectacular collapse.
Angelo Mathews, an all-rounder who has been reduced by injury to an occasional bowler, dismissed Dhawan leg-before and Lakmal sent back Sharma caught behind for two in the fifth.
On both occasions, Sri Lanka used the review option to overturn the original not out decisions.
The double blow completely unhinged India, who lost the top half of their batting order to score their first 16 runs.
Dhoni combined with number nine Kuldeep Yadav (19) to help India first go past the record for lowest ODI total of 35 -- by Zimbabwe against Sri Lanka in a 2004 match in Harare -- and then their own lowest total of 54 against the Sri Lankans.
Dhoni hit 10 boundaries and a couple of sixes but India still ended up with a total which Sri Lanka overcame without breaking a sweat.
Mohali hosts the second ODI on Wednesday.
Two Not Guilty Of Murder After Death In Grays
Two men have been found not guilty of murder, after a man was stabbed six times in Grays last summer.
Kevin Malthouse, 24, from Stanford-le-Hope, died after a fight involving a group of men in Blackshots Lane, at around 12.35am on July 1st last year.
Three other men were seriously injured.
Jack Taylor, 19, of Oakley Close, Grays, and Dusan Samardzija, 23, of no fixed address, were both charged with murder and three counts of grievous bodily harm with intent.
They denied the charges and stood trial at Chelmsford Crown Court on Monday, April 23.
A jury found them both not guilty of all charges today.
Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Al Pitcher, of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate said: “We carried out a thorough investigation into Kevin Malthouse's death and the jury have reached their verdicts after consideration of all the evidence we have presented to them in this case.
“My thoughts are very much with Kevin's family at this difficult time.”
PARIS Paris has been confirmed as the host city for the 2020 European Athletics Championships, European Athletics confirmed on Friday.
"I'm delighted that the European Athletics Council validated the Parisian project to host the European Athletics Championships 2020," said European Athletics President Svein Arne Hansen.
"It's an ambitious yet realistic project, which will enable us to return our sport to centre stage again, shortly after the Olympic Games."
Paris was the sole bidder following the withdrawal of Tbilisi last year.
The 26th edition of the championships will take place at the Stade Sebastien Charlety from Aug. 26-30.
"Our candidacy has been approved unanimously by the European Athletics Council so there was no hesitation," French Athletics Federation President Andre Giraud told a news conference.
"The athletes' village will be located in the International university campus, which is a two-minute walk from the stadium."
Paris hosted the 2003 athletics world championships at the Stade de France, which is located in the outskirts of the French capital.
"We wanted the event to be hosted within the Paris city limits," said Pierre Weiss, the head of the organising committee.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
QUITO, April 10 Ecuador's economy shrank for the first time in a decade last year, falling 1.5 percent due to lower oil prices, a strong dollar that hurts the dollarized export-oriented country, and a severe earthquake, the central bank said on Monday.
Outgoing President Rafael Correa said over the weekend the OPEC nation's economy grew 1.5 percent year-on-year in the last quarter of 2016, allowing it to emerge from an economic recession.
Ecuador's economy grew a modest 0.2 percent in 2015. The central bank projects it could grow 1.42 percent this year.
(Reporting by Alexandra Valencia; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Support services company DCC (DCC.L) has picked the head of its energy division, Donal Murphy, to succeed retiring chief executive Tommy Breen from July, it said on Wednesday.
The company also announced plans to buy Shell's (RDSa.L) liquid petroleum gas (LPG) business in Hong Kong and Macau for HK$1.165 billion ($150 million) including debt, as part of a drive to focus more on energy - its largest business.
With the same strategy in mind, it said it would sell its environmental business to private equity firm Exponent for 219 million pounds ($274 million), including debt.
DCC, whose activities range from distributing oil to making Body Shop's body butters, said it expected to receive about 170 million pounds in cash after that sale completes in the quarter ending June 30.
"The disposal of the environmental division brings sharpened strategic focus to the group and will allow DCC to concentrate fully on growing and developing the Energy, Healthcare and Technology divisions," Breen said in a statement.
DCC has been looking to buy distribution and market assets from oil majors as they slim down to cope with weaker oil prices, and said on Wednesday the Shell deal would give it one of the leading LPG businesses in Hong Kong and the market leader in Macau.
The operations will retain the Shell brand and the deal is expected to complete before the end of DCC's financial year on March 31, 2018.
Incoming CEO Murphy has led the energy business, which accounts for about 68 percent of DCC's profit, for eleven years, during which time the unit's profit has grown by more than 400 percent and it has expanded into 11 markets through about 125 acquisitions worth 1.4 billion pounds in total.
"Donal has led the very significant growth of the energy division ... (He) is well known to, and regarded by investors and their appointment should be well received," Peel Hunt analysts wrote in a note.
DCC stuck by its November forecast for operating profit in the year ended March 31, 2017, to be significantly ahead of the previous year, thanks to past acquisitions and strong trading.
Davy analysts have forecast earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of 360 million pounds.
DCC shares were up 1.8 percent at 7,145 pence at 1159 GMT, the third biggest rise on London's bluechip index .FTSE.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair and Mark Potter)
A doorman looks out as workers walk in the rain past the Lloyd's of London building in the City of London, Britain, January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Lloyd's of London staff hold their annual Armistice Day service at the Lloyd's building in the City of London, Britain November 11, 2016. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh/Files
LONDON Insurance market Lloyd's of London [SOLYD.UL], an integral part of the British business scene since the 17th century, has chosen Brussels as the site for its European Union subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework, it said on Thursday.
Lloyd's has been one of the most vocal financial services firms about the need for an EU subsidiary if Britain has no access to the single market after leaving the bloc and is one of the first to announce such a move.
The decision comes only a day after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, the start of a two-year countdown to Brexit.
Lloyd's, which started life in Edward Lloyd's coffee house in 1688, is a market housing over 80 syndicates in a striking modern building in the City of London.
Its syndicates focus on specialist insurance and reinsurance in anything from offshore oil rigs to athletes' legs.
"We are a market, we are unique, we are not like an insurance company - we needed to find a regulator with the resources and the bandwidth to regulate the Lloyd's market," Chairman John Nelson told Reuters.
Nelson said the Brussels subsidiary would employ dozens of staff - in areas such as compliance and information technology - unlike banks which have said they may move hundreds of staff to the EU. The regulated company will also have its own board.
IRISH CRY FOUL
An initial shortlist of locations had been whittled down to two -- Brussels and Luxembourg -- with the insurance market's council making the final decision on Wednesday.
U.S. insurer AIG (AIG.N) said this month it was setting up an EU hub in Luxembourg, and Lloyd's insurer Hiscox (HSX.L) is choosing between Luxembourg and Malta.
Brussels was attractive because of its talented workforce and place at the heart of the EU, Nelson said. Lloyd's gets around 11 percent of its business from Europe excluding Britain.
"The next question is how many of the other UK-domiciled insurers and reinsurers will follow," said Sarj Panesar, global head of business development for insurance at Société Générale Securities Services.
"We can expect some to join Lloyd's in Brussels."
The subsidiary will be able to reinsure its business back to London, on similar lines to other Lloyd's hubs such as China, Nelson said, a model which insurance sources said made Brussels' pitch attractive.
Dublin, initially seen as a favourite for Lloyd's and other insurers' EU subsidiaries, has complained to the European Commission that it is being undercut by rival centres.
Trade body Insurance Ireland this week called on its government for a review to help Ireland "convert expressions of interest into investment decisions".
Royal London said on Thursday it was converting its Irish business into a regulated subsidiary.
Lloyd's EU subsidiary aims to be ready to write insurance business in time for the Jan 1, 2019 renewal season, it said in a statement.
Also on Thursday, Lloyd's of London reported pre-tax profit of 2.1 billion pounds for 2016, steady from 2015.
But underwriting profit dropped sharply to 500 million pounds from 2 billion, due to strong competition and large losses from natural catastrophes.
(Additional reporting by Lawrence White in London and Padraic Halpin in Dublin; Editing by Rachel Armstrong/Keith Weir)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Tom King was “a major problem” during a critical episode in Anglo-Irish relations, a high-ranking official reported.
In a secret briefing to then taoiseach Garret FitzGerald in January 1986, Lord King was described as “not bright”, outraged by the Anglo-Irish Agreement and distrustful of Dublin.
The official Irish assessment, just released into the National Archives in Dublin, was written up by Michael Lillis, who co-headed the Anglo-Irish Secretariat in Belfast at the time.
The fledgling peace-building institution was set up in the wake of the landmark Anglo-Irish Agreement, signed by Mr FitzGerald and Margaret Thatcher just months beforehand.
In a 13-page analysis of “some serious problems” amid an unexpectedly vociferous unionist backlash to the accord, Mr King was highlighted as one.
Mr Lillis reported to Dublin that they had been told by people very close to Mr King that they are “not bright” and “in their ‘gut' opposed to, even outraged by, the Agreement” which they thought unfair to unionists.
Furthermore, the secretary of state was convinced that British negotiators were mistaken and misled in their “estimate of the effects of the Agreement” on unionists and Mr King was also “distrustful of Dublin”.
But because of a changing of senior British government figures in the Province, they had become the “untrammelled supremo on the British side” and as such would set the pace of the agreement's implementation.
This was causing problems for Dublin, who wanted reforms made quickly and clearly.
Mr King, at the time, believed progress should be more subtle in the face of a growing revolt.
In a clearly pessimistic view of him, Mr Lillis suggested the only positive factor about the secretary of state was that their appointment was a “demotion” and so their “last chance to restore their career” which effectively meant making a success out of the agreement.
NEW YORK, March 29 The performance of Business Development Companies (BDCs) is diverging into ‘haves' and ‘have nots' as some platforms continue to raise capital and others struggle to perform as conditions in US middle market lending remain challenging.
BDCs are specialized closed end investment funds that lend to US private mid-sized companies. They include publicly traded vehicles, whose shares are listed on an exchange, and private unlisted, or non-traded, platforms.
In early 2016, the share prices of BDCs were trading at a 25-30% discount to Net Asset Value (NAV), which measures mutual funds' price per share. The discount made it difficult to raise fresh equity capital without diluting shareholders.
Although the share prices of publicly traded BDCs have rallied dramatically in the last year along with the wider equity market, performance across the sector remains mixed.
Despite falling yields and excess demand for middle market loans broadly, growing funds with access to equity capital that can deploy that capital into top tier deals have a competitive advantage over their peers, analysts said.
“We do expect to see opportunistic equity issuance, but the question is can BDCs deploy the proceeds into accretive deals? Can they cover dividends without having to invest further down the risk spectrum?” one analyst said.
More than half of BDCs are now trading at NAV or above, but individual share prices reveal a wide disparity between the strongest and weakest performers. Shares of the top performing funds are trading at comfortable premiums to book value, but among the weakest performers, shares are at significant discounts.
Hercules Capital (HTGC) is trading at a 1.43 premium to NAV, Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) at a 1.22 premium and TPG Specialty Lending Inc (TSLX) at a 1.24 premium. At the other end, Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) is at a 0.77 discount to NAV, KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) is at a 0.76 discount and Fifth Street Finance Corp (FSC) is at a 0.62 discount.
“We continue to recommend BDCs that we consider the 'haves' meaning they have the ability to sustain or increase their current dividend levels, while they also have the liquidity, debt capacity and/or valuations in excess of NAV to support growth,” said equity analysts at Jefferies in a March 15 research note. The analysts are favorable on Ares Capital Corp (ARCC), Hercules Capital (HTGC) and Triangle Capital Corp (TCAP).
TO RAISE OR NOT TO RAISE
BDCs' inability to raise equity in 2016 left some funds scrambling for capital and unable to take advantage of more favorable yields early last year. More funds are currently able to raise equity, which will provide increased funds for investment in 2017.
Seventeen funds are trading above book value and several have already issued equity this year, including GBDC, which priced a public offering of 1.75m shares of common stock at US$19.03 per share. Including GBDC, at least four BDCs have issued approximately US$280m of equity in 2017 so far.
But BDCs are now operating in a tougher borrower-friendly market and are facing the perennial dilemma that the best time to raise equity is not necessarily the best time for BDCs to invest in low-priced loans.
Insatiable investor demand for private credit has pushed yields dramatically lower in 2017. Yields on middle market institutional term loans have fallen to 6.16% in the first quarter so far compared to 7.33% in the first quarter of last year.
New money loans have been in short supply in 2017 and BDCs, direct lenders and alternative debt capital providers are competing aggressively for investment opportunities. Sponsored new money volume stands at just US$9.72bn as the end of the first quarter approaches, roughly 20% lower than the 4Q16 tally.
Successive refinancings are expected this year as issuers seek to secure lower spreads, putting added pressure on portfolio yields and potentially making it difficult for some BDCs to meet dividend payments to shareholders as they struggle to replace double digit-yielding paper that is refinanced out of the portfolio, a second analyst said.
Even if BDCs are able to raise equity, having sufficient scale and relationships to get a first look at the best deals is also important, as well as a conservative fee structure, they added.
“The ability to invest that capital at sustainable yields is essential as well as being positioned to absorb a drop in interest income,” the analyst said.
Developments in the underwriting environment for middle market loans is likely to drive the amount of BDC equity issuance this year as the funds struggle to balance growth prospects, intense competition and earnings pressure. (Reporting by Leela Parker Deo; Editing by Tessa Walsh)
May 2 Eurazeo:
* Finalized its confectionery and chocolate sector investment and the creation of a new independent group, CPK.
* For five years from now, CPK has set an objective of organic growth for group brands exceeding 20 pct and of EBITDA margin of around 15 pct, in line with its peers. Source text: bit.ly/2p3dnko Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 30 Wuhan Thalys Medical Technology Inc :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.08 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 6
* Says the company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 7 and the dividend will be paid on April 7
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/K9HQoS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
US actor Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in their next film but has come under fire for their choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
US actor Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in their next film but has come under fire for their choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
SCARLETT Johansson is no stranger to accusations of cultural appropriation, having played a "whitewashed" Asian character in the movie flop .
Now she's under fire again - this time for gender appropriation - with their decision to be cast as a transgender man in the mob movie, Rub & Tug.
Scarlett Johansson has responded to backlash over their decision to play a transgender character in their latest film. Picture: Getty Images
When faced with criticism which went viral on social media, Johansson, 33, responded via a representative to online magazine Bustle with the statement: "Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment" - referring to the fact that those actors are cisgender and have played transgender characters, and received awards and critical acclaim for their portrayals.
Scarlett Johansson has supported social justice equality movements but has dismissed criticism about their transgender film role. Picture: Andrew Toth/Getty Images
In the film Rub & Tug, Johansson will potentially portray a massage parlour owner named Dante "Tex" Gill, who - according to Vulture - is a "transmasculine crime boss".
However, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette calls the real-life Gill a lesbian "who dressed like a man in suits and ties, wore short hair and sideburns and preferred to be called 'Mr. Gill.'"
According to differing reports, it is ambiguous whether or not the real-life Gill had actually undergone gender reassignment surgery or just "passed" as male in life.
Scarlett Johansson has lent their support to feminist causes but has alienated some gender activists with their decision to play a transgender character. Picture: Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images)
If Gill was indeed transgender it will be problematic for Johansson to portray a transman when they identify as a cisgender woman. Already, Twitter users are torpedoing the film with criticism before it has even begun.
Whereas there is a long tradition of cisgender actors playing trans characters to critical acclaim, the paradigm has shifted in recent years with the transgender movement increasing awareness and visibility of gender-authentic casting.
Transamerica, which earned Feclicity Huffman an Oscar nomination for Best Actress, was made in 2005-years before the transgender rights movement reached its "tipping point" through the work of actor-activists such as Laverne Cox.
Now, some compare cross-gender casting to the antiquated tradition of "blackface".
Others feel that Johansson seems tone deaf or out of touch with today's identity politics and social justice movements by even mentioning Jeffrey Tambor as an acting role model after the Transparent actor was fired for inappropriately touching their transgender castmate.
Or is Johansson just another mainstream Hollywood star with a pattern of appropriating minority identities for their own artistic goals?
Ghost in the Shell, which was a box office disappointment, was directed by Rupert Sanders, who will also direct Rub & Tug.
It remains to be seen whether Sanders and their star will authentically address the concerns around gender representation that social media users have raised.
However, there may be a bigger problem ahead for Johansson who does not bear any physical resemblance at all to Gill, leaving some to wonder how they will make the physical transformation for the role - gender aside.
SAN FRANCISCO/MUMBAI India-based IT services firm Infosys Ltd (INFY.NS) plans to hire 10,000 U.S. workers in the next two years and open four technology centres in the United States, starting with a centre this August in Indiana, the home state of U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
The move comes as Infosys and some of its Indian peers such as Tata Consultancy Services (TCS.NS) and Wipro Ltd (WIPR.NS) have become political targets in the United States and have been accused of displacing U.S. workers' jobs by flying in foreigners on temporary visas to service U.S. clients.
The IT service firms - which advise large companies on tech issues and carry out a range of tasks for them, from managing back-end computing systems to high-level programming - rely heavily on the H1-B visa programme, which U.S. President Donald Trump told federal agencies to review.
Other Indian outsourcing firms have recruited in the United States, but Infosys is the first to give concrete hiring numbers and a timeline for its plans, following Trump's visa review.
The move marks a huge increase in U.S. hiring by Infosys. In 2014, when Vishal Sikka became chief executive, the firm had said it would hire 2,000 people in the United States.
In a telephone interview with Reuters from Indiana, Sikka said Infosys had achieved that goal and now wanted to hire U.S. workers in fields such as artificial intelligence, cloud and big data.
"The reality is bringing in local talent and mixing that with the best of global talent in the times we are living in and the times we're entering is the right thing to do," said Sikka.
They said the timing of the decision was not related to the visa review. The company started active talks with Indiana in late February, Deputy Chief Operating Officer Ravi Kumar told reporters in Indiana.
"More and more as we look at the future, we have to decrease the dependency on visas," Sikka told CNBC earlier on Tuesday. "That is something we have been working on for the last two and a half years."
The 10,000 new U.S. jobs will form a small part of Infosys' overall workforce of over 200,000.
Infosys did not give details on specific jobs it would bring to the United States, but said it would seek experienced tech professionals and recent graduates from universities and community colleges.
Kumar said some of the Indiana jobs would likely come from nearby universities such as Notre Dame and Ball State, and would chiefly serve the company's U.S. manufacturing, pharmaceutical and life sciences clients in the United States.
Infosys did not say where the other three tech centres would be located.
FEWER H1-Bs
Last month, two industry sources told Reuters that Infosys was applying for just under 1,000 H-1B visas this year. One of the sources said that was down from about 6,500 applications in 2016 and some 9,000 in 2015.
Indian IT service firms, which typically flood the lottery system each year with thousands of applications, have been among the largest H1-B recipients annually.
U.S. politicians accuse IT firms of paying workers only just enough to meet the minimum wage of $60,000 (£46,448) a year required for the visa, well below others in the U.S. tech sector. Indian industry lobby group NASSCOM says the average salary paid by Indian IT Service firms for H-1B visa holders is about $82,000.
Analysts said more U.S. hirings would push up costs for Indian IT firms as they chase people with the right skills.
"The supply of science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills is not that much in the U.S., so to get the right talent they might have to pay higher salaries," said PhillipCapital analyst Shyamal Dhruve.
Indian politicians and IT industry heads have been lobbying U.S. lawmakers and officials from the Trump administration not to make drastic changes to visa rules, as this could hurt India's $150 billion IT service sector.
The four U.S. hubs Infosys plans would focus on technology and innovation, as well as serve clients in financial services, manufacturing, healthcare, retail and energy, the firm said.
The first hub, which would open in Indiana in August, was expected to create 2,000 jobs by 2021, Infosys said. Kumar said it would hire 500 of those people in the state by 2018.
UNSUSTAINABLE MODEL
Infosys did not disclose the cost of its plans or say whether its U.S. jobs plan would account for a large percentage of its overall hiring in the coming two years.
Based on Infosys' recent trends, the U.S. plan could account for a large portion of net hiring additions in the period.
Infosys added nearly 18,000 jobs in 2015, but just 6,000 in 2016, amid uncertainty about the impact of Brexit and calls from some U.S. politicians and the public for tougher U.S. immigration rules that led some U.S. clients to hold-off on new projects.
"Hiring locally is a compulsion and it's not just because of what's happening in the U.S.," said Harit Shah, research analyst at Reliance Securities, adding that bringing in workers on temporary visas was "not sustainable" as a model.
The company said last month that it would struggle to reach its ambitious $20 billion revenue target by 2020, as the Indian software service sector has been hit by cautious client spending due to a rising protectionist wave globally.
The United States is the largest market for Indian software service companies. Other countries, such as Australia, have also started to target Indian IT service companies that use temporary visa programs.
(Additional reporting by Susan Guyett in Indianapolis and Gina Cherelus and Anna Driver in New York; Writing by Euan Rocha and Bill Rigby; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman, Edmund Blair and Bernard Orr)
United States: The man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from a gunman at a Nashville restaurant told Tennessee lawmakers today they faced "the true test of a man," drawing a standing ovation during their brief address. As the House hailed them as a hero, James Shaw said they acted to save their own life at a Waffle House, and saved others in the process. "I never thought I'd be in a room with all the eyes on me, but you know, I'm very grateful to be here," Shaw told House members. The 29-year-old said they have since gone to see some of the shooting victims in the hospital and they all remembered him. They apologised to the people whose loved ones died in the attack. The Senate also honoured Shaw.
Britain: Joanna Lumley says they are "terrified that all men are seen as bad" in the wake of the sexual misconduct scandal which engulfed Hollywood. The Ab Fab star, 71, recently hosted the film Baftas, which was dominated by the Time's Up and MeToo movements. She's told Good Housekeeping: "This year I do feel the spirit of the suffragettes is with us and we're speaking out about women being treated badly around the world. That said, I am terrified that all men are seen as bad." They added: "I love and respect men. I am married to one, I work with some wonderful men and I have a son. We mustn't deride all men, as only the few are bad and we need to remember that too."
Australia: A 13-year-old girl is in hospital after being shot in the leg in a possible targeted attack at a home in Sydney's west. The teenager was sitting with a group of a people in an open door garage on Constance Street in Guildford when a number of shots were fired on Tuesday night. Emergency services rushed to the scene and found they had been struck in the thigh. Police believe the shooting was "not random".
United States: A Northern California city has agreed to pay US$2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after their family called emergency services. The Sacramento Bee reports that the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force. Officers fatally shot Shergill as they walked through their neighbourhood after they said they charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
Advertisement
Germany: The head of Germany's leading Jewish organisation warned people to avoid wearing skullcaps following a series of anti-Semitic attacks. Josef Schuster, of the Central Council of Jews, said: "I have to advise people to avoid showing themselves with a kippah in a big city setting in Germany and to wear a baseball cap or something else to cover their head instead." The warning follows an attack on two men wearing kippahs in Berlin. They were whipped with a belt by three men who shouted "Yahudi", Arabic for Jew.
Bad news down under. Admiral Harry Harris's hearing to be Ambassador to Australia was cancelled because Pompeo wants them to be Ambassador to South Korea instead. This will not be well received by our allies in Australia. More to come...https://t.co/NgJPntK6kt — Zack Cooper (@ZackCooper) April 24, 2018
Australia: Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has confirmed that US Admiral Harry Harris won't be coming to Canberra as the new US Ambassador to Australia. They were notified of the decision to instead send Admiral Harris to South Korea by Acting US Secretary of State John Sullivan. "We understand this sort of thing happens and we also understand the challenges the United States has on the Korean Peninsula," they told reporters. Bishop said Sullivan made it clear a new appointment would be a priority for the next secretary of state.
Britain: The British power grid has seen a new record of more than three days without coal, smashing the previous record just days after it was set. In the past few days Britain has seen more than 72 hours without any coal-fired power generation on the system for the first time since the 19th century. Only last week, the British grid saw its first two-day period without using any power from the polluting fossil fuel, which the Government has committed to phasing out by 2025. In April last year, Britain went for its first full day without coal since the 19th century, and it accounted for less than 7 per cent of the power mix in 2017, official figures show.
Construction workers may have found the mummy of a long-lost Iranian shah https://t.co/8dTlZdd8Ni — TIME (@TIME) April 24, 2018
Iran: A building worker in Tehran may have found the mummified body of Reza Shah Pahlavi, the Iranian ruler whose son was overthrown in 1979. Builders working at a Shia shrine in Iran's capital found the body in a pile of rubble. Pahlavi was buried in a mausoleum nearby after their death in 1944, but their tomb was blown up by revolutionaries attempting to erase all traces of the previous regime. Their body has been missing for nearly 40 years. Hassan Khalilabadi, the head of Tehran's heritage committee, said it was "a possibility" that the body may be that of Pahlavi. Pahlavi overthrew the ruling Persian dynasty in 1921, paving the way for them to seize power. Ousted during the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran in 1941, they were forced to abdicate in favour of their son, Mohammad Rezi Pahlavi, who in turn was deposed during the Islamic revolution in 1979.
United States: Fired FBI Director James Comey's memoir A Higher Loyalty that details their private meetings with US President Donald Trump has sold some 600,000 copies in all formats in its first week, its publisher says, the latest in a series of best-selling political books.
Nicaragua: Authorities released some student protesters arrested during anti-government demonstrations over the past week as President Daniel Ortega sought to lower tensions. With freshly shaved heads and some bearing bruises they said were inflicted by police during their captivity, students were dropped along a highway on the outskirts of the capital, Managua.
- agencies
Mar 28, 2017; San Jose, CA, USA; San Jose Sharks left wing Patrick Marleau (12) shoots as New York Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist (30) defends in the first period at SAP Center at San Jose. John Hefti-USA TODAY Sports
BERLIN The International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) has agreed to pay NHL players' travel and insurance costs to try to lure them to the 2018 Winter Olympics but team owners have set more commercial demands, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said on Wednesday.
The NHL and the international federation have been locked in talks over the world's best players' participation in next year's Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, with team owners frustrated by the forced shutdown of the season for two-and-a-half weeks.
Recent Winter Olympics have been preceded by the question of whether NHL players will take part, with negotiations often continuing right up to the eve of the event.
The IOC had covered those costs for the last five Games but said it would no longer do so for 2018. The IIHF stepped in and clearly hopes that a contribution that could run to up to $20 million will help resolve the situation.
For handing over a talent pool with contracts valued at $3.5 billion (2.81 billion pounds) the NHL is seeking something akin to IOC Top Sponsor status which would allow the league to market the Winter Games on its platforms.
"Because of the interest of the Olympic movement to see the NHL players in the Olympic Games, the IIHF has ensured that the travel and insurance cost of the NHL players will be fully covered, as was the case in previous Olympic Games," IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said.
Adams told Reuters talks between the NHL and the IIHF were ongoing but the IOC would not be treating the NHL team owners any differently than other international sports federations it deals with.
"Obviously, this time the owners of the NHL clubs are putting more commercial conditions to the IOC and the Olympic movement," Adams said.
"The IOC has been informed the talks between the International Federation and the NHL are continuing.
"The IOC knows that the NHL understands that the Olympic movement cannot treat the owners of a commercial franchise of a national league better than an international sports federation or other professional leagues with regard to the Olympic Games."
Several players have said they will compete in the Olympics regardless of the NHL's decision and Japanese tyre maker Bridgestone, which is both an IOC Top Sponsor and major NHL advertiser, is also trying to help push a deal forward.
"We know that the players definitely want to play and the fans want to watch the best players in the Olympic Winter Games Pyeongchang 2018," Adams said.
"These Games give the greatest worldwide exposure to the sport of ice hockey. The offer for the two Olympic Winter Games
2018 and 2022 remains on the table and we are still hopeful there will be an agreement in the interests of all."
(Editing by Mitch Phillips and Ed Osmond)
By Dan Balz, analysis
In the charged environment of 2017 it took only a few hours for a baseball diamond to be transformed from a peaceful practice field to a horrific crime scene and then to a vivid symbol of the tensions between the angry politics of our time and the better angels of the American people.
From US President Donald Trump to congressional leaders of both parties to ordinary citizens came calls for prayers for the victims of the shootings that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and four others wounded, praise for the Capitol Police officers who prevented an even worse tragedy and above all words of reconciliation and unity.
But barely on the edges of those remarks was the outbreak of another round of recriminations and a renewed debate about what has brought the country to such a point of division, what is to blame for what happened on that baseball field and what if anything can be done to lower temperatures for more than a few minutes.
Advertisement
The country has been in this place before, perhaps too many times after violence that has Americans shaken and insecure.
At those times, elected officials have reached across the aisle, embracing one another in friendship and unity. Ordinary citizens have rallied behind those leaders as one nation, vowing to put aside partisanship and recalling what it means to be an American.
After the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Republican and Democratic lawmakers assembled on the East Front of the Capitol and sang God Bless America in a display of national unity and resolve.
Today, as the news of what had happened on the Republican practice field spread, Democrats preparing for tomorrow's congressional baseball game elsewhere stopped their practice to huddle in prayer for their Republican colleagues.
The President spoke as other presidents have done in times of tragedy or terrorism, saying, "We are strongest when we are unified and when we work for the common good."
House Speaker Paul Ryan called on their colleagues to set an example. "Show the world we are one House, the people's House, united in our humanity," they said. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, implored their colleagues to make the baseball game an occasion "that will bring us together and not separate us further".
But with past as prologue, other voices and other emotions threatened to drown out the words of the nation's leaders. Six years ago, after the shootings that left then-representative Gabby Giffords badly wounded and six others dead, it was the political right that was on the defensive.
Those on the left charged that the incendiary rhetoric aimed at then-President Barack Obama and their supporters during their early years in office gave rise to a climate that made violence possible.
× James Hodgkinson. Photo / AP James Hodgkinson. Photo / AP
Today, it was the political left that became a target from some on the right. The suspected shooter, James Hodgkinson, who was killed at the scene, was a longtime critic of the Republicans and a particularly harsh critic of the President. Their Facebook page included angry words aimed at the President. Some Republicans saw the shootings as evidence that the President's critics have crossed the line of decency in their opposition and fostered a climate that could produce what happened today.
Former House speaker Newt Gingrich, speaking on Fox News, decried what they called "an increasing hostility on the left," whether from comedians, from artists, from politicians or from ordinary citizens posting their views on social media.
"You've had a series of things that send signals that tell people it's okay to hate Trump. . .," they said. "And now we're supposed to rise above it?" They added, "Maybe this is a moment when everybody takes a step back, but there is no evidence of it."
Republican member of congress Steve King, whose many past statements have inflamed the debate over illegal immigration, was near the Capitol when the shootings took place. They went to the baseball field to pray, they said, but while they were there delivered a political statement in addition to their prayers.
Without referring to the shooter, they said critics of the President have created a climate of hate that threatens the country. They pointed to the massive demonstrations in Washington and elsewhere the day after the Trump was inaugurated and protests that have continued since. "America has been divided and the centre of America is disappearing and the violence is appearing in the streets and it's coming from the left," they said.
No one condoned what happened, no matter whether the shootings were truly motivated by political views or the actions of a deranged person with a gun. Recently, comedian Kathy Griffin found no sympathisers even among Trump critics when they posed with a mask of a bloody, severed head of the President.
Today, when it was revealed that Hodgkinson had been a volunteer in the presidential campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders, the senator rushed to rebuke him. "Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," they said on the Senate floor.
× Senator Bernie Sanders speaks about the shooting. Photo / AP Senator Bernie Sanders speaks about the shooting. Photo / AP
Republican Congressman Rodney Davis, whose district cuts across central Illinois to the Mississippi River just above the suspected gunman's hometown of Belleville, was on the practice field when the shootings took place. Still wearing their baseball gear, they returned to the Capitol to use the platform that proximity to the shootings provided him.
Davis condemned what they called "political, rhetorical terrorism" practiced by both sides. They appealed passionately for everyone on all sides to step back and find a better way to thrash out and then resolve their differences. "Is this America's breaking point?" they asked on CNN. "It's my breaking point. We've got to end this."
That's the question that many will ask, as they have asked it before: is this a true breaking point? After 9/11, there was a period of genuine unity across the political spectrum. But within a year, America had snapped back to its more partisan divisions and from that point forward there has been no turning back.
The campaign of 2016, fought on the raw turf of race and national identity, pushed things even farther. The America of 2017 is more passionately, and some would say angrily, divided. The political debates operate with an all-or-nothing mind-set, with no real grounds for compromise. And all politics has become more personal.
(Adds Schumer hopeful a deal could be reached)
By David Morgan and Doina Chiacu
WASHINGTON, April 23 President Donald Trump put pressure on Democrats on Sunday as U.S. lawmakers worked to avoid a government shutdown, saying Obamacare would die without a cash infusion the White House has offered in exchange for their agreement to fund their border wall.
The escalated push to get Trump's priorities, which Democrats reject, into spending legislation could jeopardize prospects for an agreement to keep the government open.
If talks fail, the government would shut down on Saturday, Trump's 100th day in office.
"Obamacare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought," the Republican president said in a Twitter post.
In a second tweet, they added: "The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members."
MS-13 is a criminal gang with members of Central American origin.
The president's tweets appeared after White House budget director Mick Mulvaney accused Democrats of "holding hostage national security" by opposing $1.5 billion to help build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, one of Trump's top campaign pledges.
Democrats have said they would not support legislation that ends federal subsidies to help low-income people buy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare.
The healthcare law was former Democratic President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy achievement, which Republicans are trying to repeal and replace.
On Sunday, Democrats called for Trump to stop making "poison pill" demands.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said negotiations between Democrats and Republicans in both the House of Representatives and the Senate were "going quite well" and that they were hopeful a deal could be reached.
"The only fly in the ointment is that the president is being a little heavy handed, and mixing in and asking for things such as the wall," Schumer told reporters.
"We'd ask them to let us do our work, not throw in some last-minute poison pills that could undo it, and we could get this done," they said.
Trump wants money for the wall included in spending legislation that Congress must pass by Friday to keep the federal government operating through Sept. 30, when the 2017 fiscal year expires.
Mulvaney and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus played down the danger of a shutdown. Mulvaney said talks between Republicans and Democrats could produce an agreement as early as Sunday.
"I'm pretty confident we're going to get something that's satisfactory to the president in regard to border security within the current negotiations," Priebus said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Trump had been clear about their desire for a wall. "I would suspect they will be insistent on the funding," they told CNN's "State of the Union."
TAX REFORM: PRINCIPLES BUT NO PLAN
The White House is expected to address another Trump campaign promise this week with a Wednesday announcement on tax reform that Mulvaney said would offer "governing principles, some guidance, also some indication of what the rates will be."
But they said basic elements of the plan remained undecided, including whether to have deficit-funded tax cuts that would not be permanent. "You can either have a small tax cut that's permanent, or a large tax cut that is short term," they said.
In a tweet on Saturday, Trump promised that a "Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday."
Legislative text on tax reform is not expected until June, Mulvaney said.
Spending legislation will require Democratic support to clear the Senate, and the White House says it has offered to include $7 billion in Obamacare subsidies to help low-income Americans pay for health insurance, if Democrats accept funding for the wall.
Democrats showed no sign of softening their opposition to wall funding on Sunday and sought to place responsibility for any shutdown squarely on Trump and Republicans who control the House of Representatives and the Senate.
"The Democrats do not support the wall," House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told NBC's "Meet the Press." "The wall is, in my view, immoral, expensive, unwise."
Senator Richard Durbin, an Illinois Democrat, called on Trump to "back off."
"To think that they would consider shutting down the government of the United States of America over this outlandish proposal of a border wall ... that would be the height of irresponsibility," they told CNN. (Reporting by David Morgan and Doina Chiacu; Additional reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by David Gregorio and Peter Cooney)
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
MILAN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri said on Friday it had bought a 50 percent share in STX shipyards from France, in a deal expected to broaden an alliance between the naval industries of the two nations.
The deal, which values the stake at 59.7 million euros, ends a long dispute that strained relations between France and Italy.
French President Emmanuel Macron angered Rome in the summer by ordering a “temporary” nationalisation of STX, based in Saint-Nazaire in western France, cancelling a deal in which Fincantieri and another Italian investor had agreed to buy 55 percent.
Fincantieri said in a statement that the latest deal “represents an important first step towards the creation of a future alliance in both cruise and military naval sectors.”
Paris and Rome are exploring the creation of a Franco-Italian naval group, merging French military shipyards firm Naval Group with Fincantieri, a bid to ward off the threat from industrial powers such as China and the United States.
Fincantieri had 4.4 billion euros in revenue in 2016, and expects it to grow at least 16 percent every two years, up to 2020. Smaller STX France is the only one big enough in France to build aircraft carriers and other large warships.
Industry Minister Carlo Calenda said on Thursday that Italian Leonardo, which supplies land and naval defence electronics and is one of the world's 10 biggest players in the defence industry, would be part of the talks.
State-controlled Fincantieri made a bid for STX France, which specialises in building cruise ships, after the demise of South Korea's STX shipbuilding group.
Under the terms of the agreement, the French state will hold 34.34 percent of STX, Naval Group 10 percent, STX employees up to 2.4 percent and local suppliers up to 3.26 percent.
In order for Fincantieri to take effective control, the French state will lend the group a 1 percent stake. Fincantieri will nominate four members of STX's eight-person board.
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - The government of Jordan has asked banks to submit proposals to arrange a U.S. dollar conventional or Islamic bond issue, sources familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
The bond would be of benchmark size, said one of the sources, declining to be named because the information is private. Benchmark-sized bonds are generally upwards of $500 million.
Jordan issued its first domestic sukuk last year, but should it opt for an Islamic bond, the planned debt sale would be the first international sukuk ever issued by the country.
Jordan's ministry of finance did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Jordan raised $500 million in April through a tap of its existing $500 million bond issued in November 2015 and maturing in 2026. Under a bond tap, an existing transaction is reopened for subscription, using the same documentation as before.
It also issued last October a $1 billion bond maturing in January 2027, with Citi and JPMorgan leading the transaction.
Jordan's economy has been severely hit by the flow of refugees arriving from Syria since 2011. "Providing for the needs of the Syrian refugees in Jordan has materially impacted Jordan's public finances and will continue to do so," said Jordan's latest bond prospectus, dated April 2017.
"If the Kingdom does not receive additional and sufficient assistance from the international community(...)the presence of large numbers of Syrian refugees in Jordan will continue to materially strain the general resources of the Government and negatively affect the Kingdom's economy."
Jordan, rated B1 by Moody's and BB-minus by Standard & Poor's, is receiving support from the International Monetary Fund through a three-year, $723 million extended fund facility, which was approved in August last year.
It also relies on funds from the World Bank and other international organisations. Before the issue of $500 million in bonds in November 2015 as a standalone credit, Jordan issued bonds fully guaranteed by the U.S. government through the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). (Additional reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 13:45 Don Benton addresses 'fake news' and why the U.S. still (sort of) has a draft | Capitol Happy Hour Pause 9:28 Getting women involved in politics and how Rep. Cody scored free beer | Capitol Happy Hour 9:35 Rep. Stokesbary talks taxes and getting fired from their college mascot gig on Capitol Happy Hour 0:40 Time-lapse sequence of 1063 Block Office building under construction in Olympia 9:51 One of Olympia's best-dressed talks fashion, taxes and weed on this week's Capitol Happy Hour 9:00 ​Capitol Happy Hour: Spotting fake news — plus, what are totchos? 1:24 Gov. Jay Inslee signs distracted driving bill 9:56 Capitol Happy Hour: Paid family leave – plus the state Senate's weird traditions 0:53 Politicians in Olympia aren't negotiating a budget – but they are putting up posters 1:04 Why aren't lawmakers at the Capitol during special session? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Don Benton, a former Republican Washington state senator, talks about their new job leading the U.S. Selective Service System, which registers men for a nonexistent military draft. They also talk about why they like taking the metro in Washington, D.C. (even though he's fought light rail at home), why they no longer works at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and what really happened when they allegedly called another lawmaker "a trashy, trampy mouthed little girl." Also, they correct what they say is fake news about their military record. Filmed at Crown Bar in Tacoma, Washington, on June 13, 2017. Tony Overman toverman@theolympian.com
Don Benton, a former Republican Washington state senator, talks about their new job leading the U.S. Selective Service System, which registers men for a nonexistent military draft. They also talk about why they like taking the metro in Washington, D.C. (even though he's fought light rail at home), why they no longer works at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and what really happened when they allegedly called another lawmaker "a trashy, trampy mouthed little girl." Also, they correct what they say is fake news about their military record. Filmed at Crown Bar in Tacoma, Washington, on June 13, 2017. Tony Overman toverman@theolympian.com
South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa leaves after a lecture at the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in Singapore October 7, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su
JOHANNESBURG South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa on Sunday said they want allegations of influence-peddling in government investigated, lending their support to a probe called for by the anti-graft watchdog but which President Jacob Zuma has so far ignored.
Ramaphosa is considered a likely candidate for president when the ruling African National Congress elects its new leaders later this year, but they have not formally announced their intention to stand.
The nation's Public Protector in November called on Zuma to appoint a judicial commission of inquiry within 30 days to examine alleged "state capture" in their government, but Zuma has not yet appointed a commission, challenging the report in court instead.
"I support that there should be a judicial commission of inquiry," Ramaphosa said to loud applause at a memorial service for late freedom fighter Chris Hani.
"We need to put this (matter) to rest ... If there is any wrongdoing, it must be exposed," Ramaphosa said.
Zuma is facing renewed calls for them to step down after South Africa's credit rating was downgraded to sub-investment grade this month by S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings shortly after they sacked respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan.
Last year's 355-page report by the watchdog focussed on allegations that the brothers, Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta - business people of Indian origin - influenced the appointment of ministers. It called for an investigation into whether Zuma, some of their cabinet members and some state companies acted improperly.
Both Zuma and the Gupta family have denied any wrongdoing.
(Reporting by TJ Strydom; editing by Clelia Oziel)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
With Taron Cochrane
Gateway Festival goes July 27–29 in the Big Muddy Badlands near Bengough. Taron is the festival publicist, and here are six songs by six headliners that they consider favourites. /Gregory Beatty
“Love the Way You Are”
Yukon Blonde | Critical Hit (2018)
I've had this song on repeat since it came out. Although it may deal with love in the digital age, to me it will be the soundtrack to soaking up the sun as I hit the highway to Bengough to see them live!
“Jukebox Full of Blues”
Kentucky Headhunters | On Safari (2016)
Kentucky Headhunters garnered worldwide popularity with their 1989 country rock hit “Dumas Walker”. The honky tonk and blues-filled jams in this release show why the band is celebrating their 50-year anniversary this summer.
“I Make the Dough, You Get the Glory”
Kathleen Edwards | Asking For Flowers (2008)
While I expected one of our nation's best Americana/Folk singer-songwriters to release an album of incredible songwriting and music, what I didn't expect was for them to name-drop one of the NHL's dirtiest players. We can guarantee that, unlike Marty McSorley, Kathleen won't be clearing any benches when they take our stage.
“Breathless”
William Prince | Earthly Days (2018)
A Dave Cobb-produced re-release from their 2017 JUNO award-winning debut, this song will do exactly as it states and leave you breathless. I've never heard a song sung quite like Prince so prepare yourself because it's a real lip-biter.
“Girl Watcher”
Big Sugar | Heated (1988)
Even though this song's lyrical content may be a little risqué, its sound to me is quintessential Big Sugar. A head-bobbing drum beat accompanying mesmerizing guitar riffs and a mid song sax solo …because why not right? Who doesn't love a good sax solo!
“Mama”
Steven Page | Heal Thyself Pt. 1: Instinct (2016)
Still playing the hits they helped create as co-founder of The Barenaked Ladies, Steven Page took a page out of the Paul Simon handbook and released this solo album successfully testing the waters of convention. As those horns, cowbell and chorus hit your eardrums, you quickly understand why he's more than just a pop rock success story. He's a Canadian music hall of famer!
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – The aims of the Russia-Belarus Zapad-2017 military exercises have been reached, the troops that were taking part returned to their permanent bases, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said Friday.
“We believe that the goals of the drills have been reached. I am drawing special attention to the fact that all means and forces involved were returned to their permanent bases,” Shoigu said.
The minister added that during the drills, authorities of the two states practiced joint activities aimed at ensuring the security of the Union State of Russia and Belarus.
“Ninety five representatives of 50 states were observing the drills. About 12,700 servicemen, as well as up to 680 pieces of military hardware, about 70 aircraft and 10 ships were engaged in the military exercise,” the Russian official added.
They said that the joint drills were aimed at practicing the fight against terrorists, as well as security and protection of important facilities.
According to him, many mainstream media outlets were “scaring with the most incredible scenarios.”
“All of these lies were exposed at the end of the exercises which were purely defensive in nature,” the minister said.
Shoigu said that the preparations to the strategic drills had taken place amid “unprecedented information pressure.”
The Zapad-2017 military drills were held on September 14-20 on the territory of Russia and Belarus. Several eastern NATO member states have repeatedly voiced concerns with regard to the joint drills even before they started, claiming that the Russian troops, deployed in Belarus for the joint Zapad-2017 military exercise, might stay in Belarus after drills, thus, allegedly posing a threat to threat security. The Russian and Belarusian officials have repeatedly refuted the allegations, saying that the planned drills are purely defensive and pose no threat to eastern European states. Moreover, Russia and Belarus invited NATO experts and foreign journalists to observe the drills.
© Sputnik/ Pavel Gerasimov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
The idea of hiring an escort in London is not just to derive physical pleasure. A top-end escort can service you in various ways – from being your companion to your dinner date to even your guide around the city of London. There are Asian escorts London who can be simply described in one word – classy. If you love Asian features, a top-end Asian escort London is bound to take your breath away.
London is one of the most multi-cultural cities in the world. Add to this the fact that it is a global financial, economic and political hub and you have a city that attracts you in more ways than one. Whether you are a resident of the city or have come here for some business, there are multiple avenues for you to enjoy the pleasures of the city. Once you are done with the work of the day, there are various ways for you to unwind – watch a movie or a drama, visit the popular tourist attractions of the city, dine in one of the top restaurants in London or just spend time relaxing.
One of the best Asian escorts London can be your companion for as many days as you want. They can be your ideal companion as you unwind and relax. From simple conversations to steamy action on the bed, your escort will provide you pleasures you wouldn't have experienced before.
There is, of course, a premium price to pay when you opt for a top Asian escort London. But this is something you would be aware of – an escort is not just for physical pleasure – they can offer you much, much more.
There are people who are scared of hiring escorts because they feel that the industry is shady. But such fears are unfounded when youhire from one of the top agencies in the city. These agencies only offer the best-in-class Asian escorts in London. They charge you a premium price but what they offer is simply beyond your imagination.
The ladies in their employment are beautiful and they possess superb communication skills. You will, in fact, feel on top of the world when you have one of them as your companion. Asian escorts are highly attractive – they have exotic features and flawless skin and they maintain themselves impeccably. They come from places in China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan and so on and each one is more beautiful than the other. One will understand if you find it hard to choose an escort.
If you have come to London, make your stay special in the companionship of a top Asian escort. You will take back memories of the city in ways you cannot believe. All types of arrangements can be made for you because you are special.And the good news is that you don't need to hunt for an escort in London. You make some discrete calls and one or more of these classy ladies can be booked for your service.
Asian escorts London is among the most in demand escorts in the city. Your wildest fantasies can come true when you choose to spend time with a top Asian escort London.
March 29 Mylan NV said on Wednesday its application to market a generic copy of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's blockbuster inhaled lung drug Advair was rejected by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The drugmaker did not disclose the reason behind the rejection.
Advair has generated more than $1 billion in annual sales since 2001. (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
A former KFC manager from Manukau has taken to Reddit to answer people's questions about what it is like to work for the fast-food giant.
Reddit user daivestephen spent Monday evening answering questions from internet users about their stint as manager of a KFC store.
The first and most common complaint they heard from Reddit users was about how understaffed most KFC stores are.
"The shifts are always poorly planned. People call in sick all the time. Especially citizens and international students can only work 20 hours a week," they replied.
Advertisement
They added that "upper management aren't into" hiring more casual staff to solve the issue.
"I work within the umbrella and have also seen first hand how much they give zero f***s about the staffing numbers, but have plenty of time to complain about lack of sales and the cleanliness of the establishment when we're constantly operating on bare-bones numbers," Reddit user vakda wrote in a reply.
"That's why I left at my branch," another Reddit user, exxxoskeleton, said. They added that "with studying, freelance work and KFC shifts", there was no point staying and "dealing with the stress of being alone on front counter on say a Friday and/or Saturday night [the busiest nights]".
"The lines would be out the door and the team members would have to take orders, pack and hand out by ourselves. Not to mention deal with the customers throwing tantrums about the wait. Bruh, just lay a complaint that we're understaffed to upper management rather than complain about the team member? It makes no sense? And we've had multiple people quit in their first week of training due to the manager leaving them alone without any help," they added.
High staff turnover means workers don't care about their job. That's the reason shared by former KFC employees on the thread for the state of some restaurants.
When asked why some restaurants were never clean, the former manager blamed "pure laziness more than anything".
Photo / Getty Photo / Getty
The chicken restaurant that runs out of chicken
Reddit users asked daivestephen about the lack of chicken that some of them experienced when visiting the restaurant, famous for its fried chicken.
"Often on Sunday nights everything seems to be out of stock. I have been and there is no chicken left at 7pm," Reddit user noface said.
"Stock arrives on Tuesday so stock is low Sunday and Monday," the former manager replied.
Another user said their mother used to be a KFC manager nearly 20 years ago. "I remember their store had run out of chicken halfway through one day. It happened a few times that I was aware of," hellivioze said.
Other reasons for running out of chicken include a manager not ordering enough or sales being higher than the same time in the previous year. "A store usually runs out of product when the demand is higher than the stock available that's how it works," daivestephen explained.
Slammed for unrealistic targets
A number of Reddit users shared their own experience working for the fast-food chain and a common issue raised was the lack of staff on at any given store, along with the "unrealistic targets" set for each one of them.
"One of the main shift targets is customers per staff members per hour and the target is set just below what is bare minimum to run," Reddit user Fallenae said. "And if you don't hit that target there's an area manager whose job it is to threaten your livelihood the next day."
Pre-recorded drive-through messages playing at odd times
"I went through the drive thru once at 10.30 and they closed at 10 [Good Friday was the next day]. Problem was the drive thru message still played. Cars lined up for a while before realising it was closed, one guy even drive up to the window banging it at the staff that were just cleaning up," user snomanDS posted.
"Do managers really think we are stupid and that we can't tell the difference," Soviet Macguyver asked about the recorded greetings.
"Yup," the former manager replied.
Marketing gimmicks
A customer who loves "hot 'n spicy" KFC burgers asked daivestephen why this popular item isn't sold all year around.
"It's just marketing schemes so we have got and spicy over winter and increase demand," they explained.
As a bonus, daivestephen also revealed that the code PLU50 "gives a buy one, get one free twister".
Unwelcome guests
With the lack of cleanliness blamed on low staff numbers and "laziness", daivestephen also added that, during their time at KFC, they always saw "cockroaches around the back area in the morning as well as mice in the stock lifts".
Photo / Getty Photo / Getty
Best time to order
"Only order during peak times that's when things are the freshest if the store is quiet the food is probably old and dry," the former manager recommended.
Additionally, to avoid being given old chicken, ask for chicken to come from the warmers instead of the display unit.
The Herald has contacted KFC for a response but is yet to hear back.
WASHINGTON The United States has made slight adjustments to its military activities in Syria to strengthen protection of American forces following cruise missile strikes last week on a Syrian air base that heightened tensions, U.S. officials told Reuters on Monday.
The officials, citing the need to safeguard operations in Syria, declined to specify exactly what measures the United States has taken after the strikes, which Damascus, Tehran and Moscow have roundly condemned. They spoke on condition of anonymity.
Asked about the Reuters report, a U.S. military spokesperson later told a Pentagon news briefing that the U.S. commander for the campaign has been "calling in the resources that they need" to protect U.S. forces in the wake of the strikes.
The spokesperson, Colonel John Thomas, also said U.S. strikes in Syria had become more defensive and acknowledged the pace had slowed somewhat since last Friday.
"I don't think that is going to last for very long, but that is up to (Lieutenant General Stephen) Townsend," Thomas said, stressing there had been no attempts by Syria or its allies to retaliate against U.S. troops so far.
President Donald Trump ordered the cruise missile strike on Syria's Shayrat air base last week in response to what Washington and its allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria's military in which scores of civilians died.
It was the first time Washington has directly targeted Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government in six years of civil war, and has pushed Trump's administration into proclaiming that Washington still wants Assad eventually removed from power.
But the volley of Tomahawk missiles has not changed the view held by Damascus and its allies that the United States is no more eager than before to take the sort of strong action needed to defeat him.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Monday the primary U.S. focus remained on defeating Islamic State, which U.S. officials say has used its Syria stronghold of Raqqa as a hub to plot attacks against the West.
Thomas also said the U.S. military's priority was unchanged.
"(Islamic State) continues to be our main focus," Thomas said.
HEAVY TOLL
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the cruise missile strikes on Shayrat air base damaged or destroyed a fifth of Syria's operational aircraft, in what they said was a clear warning to Damascus against any repeat chemical attack.
"The Syrian government would be ill-advised ever again to use chemical weapons," Mattis said in a statement.
Damascus denies carrying out the chemical attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun near the Turkish border, which killed at least 87 people, 31 of them children. Moscow called the strike an act of aggression that violated international law.
A joint command center made up of the forces of Russia, Iran and militias supporting Assad has warned it would respond to any new aggression.
Unlike in Iraq, where U.S. forces are battling the Islamic State at the invitation of Iraq's government, Washington is waging air strikes in Syria against the militants without the permission of Damascus. It also has about 1,000 forces on the ground, mainly advising and training local Kurdish and Arab militia to battle Islamic State.
To avoid accidentally clashing with Russian forces, who are fighting in support of Assad, the United States has had an agreement that allows for the two militaries to communicate.
But Russia's Deputy U.N. Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov told the U.N. Security Council on Friday Russia's defense ministry had "stopped its cooperation with the Pentagon" under the agreement.
The U.S. military, which confirmed on Friday morning it believed the line of communications was still active, has since stopped commenting on whether it was operational.
Thomas said the United States was still able to avoid accidentally crossing paths with Russian forces but wouldn't say how, leaving open the possibility such communication could be minimal, perhaps just pilot-to-pilot talks by radio.
"We have continued to deconflict as necessary with the Russians because whenever we are flying we have to use all the available means to make sure that we don't have any mid-air incidents," Thomas said.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Additional reporting by Michelle Nichols at the United Nations; Editing by James Dalgleish)
March 31 Pfeiffer Vacuum
* Says management board of Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG has after failure of first offer acknowledged intention of Pangea Gmbh in accordance with §10 wpüg to launch another public offer for all outstanding shares of pfeiffer vacuum at a price of eur 110.00 per share in cash
* Says as first offer, this offer is unsolicited and has not been discussed with management and supervisory board of pfeiffer vacuum prior to publication
* There has been no dialog about the plans of Busch Group and a strategic concept related to Pfeiffer Vacuum even though the intention to launch another public offer is sufficient proof that Busch Group aims for control of Pfeiffer Vacuum.
* Says again Busch Group is not prepared to offer a customary market premium for a change of control transaction
* Says announced offer price is even below current share price
* Says management and supervisory board will review offer together with its financial and legal advisors once offer document is available and issue a reasoned statement thereafter
* Says shareholders of Pfeiffer Vacuum should wait until they can review this statement before taking any action Source text: here !content.action?pressKey=SSIW&page=1 Further company coverage:
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
March 29 Chinese conglomerate CEFC China said on Wednesday it would acquire an about 20 percent stake in U.S. brokerage Cowen Group Inc for about $100 million.
CEFC China has also agreed to provide Cowen with $175 million in debt financing, the companies said.
CEFC will pay $18 for each Cowen Class A share, representing a 29.5 percent premium to the stock's Tuesday close. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
March 30 Kong Sun Holdings Ltd:
* Discloseable Transaction - Acquisitions Of H-shares Of Bank Of Jinzhou Co., Ltd.
* Kong sun -kong sun yongtai entered into first share transfer agreement with first vendor and second share transfer agreement with second vendor
* Kong sun yongtai agreed to acquire, and first vendor agreed to dispose of, 57.5 million h-shares at price of rmb7.9161 per h-share
* Kong sun yongtai investment holdings co., ltd as purchaser; and dalian shengzhi network technology co., ltd as first vendor
* Kong sun yongtai agreed to acquire, and second vendor agreed to dispose of, 50 million h-shares at price of rmb7.9161 per h-share.
Source text (bit.ly/2oeQjCu)
Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
* Euro hits 3-week low of $1.0650
* Investors look forward to U.S. jobs report on Friday
* Speculators trim net long dollar positions -IMM data
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, April 3 The euro hit a three-week low against the dollar on Monday as mixed economic data coming out of Europe added to existing worries about political risk in the continent, driving investors to sell the single currency.
After moving in positive territory during morning trade in Europe, the euro turned lower minutes after noon in London, falling to a three-week low of $1.0650.
Despite increasing activity at the fastest rate in nearly six years, factories across the euro zone struggled to keep up with demand last month, according to a survey that showed them again hiking prices.
France will vote in a two-round presidential election at the end this month and at the start of May, with investors worried by the risk that the far-right anti-EU Marine Le Pen could stage a surprise victory.
Polls show Le Pen seeing off their rivals in the upcoming first round of the French presidential elections, but being beaten in the run-off vote.
"Investors are still realising that the risks going into the French elections are still quite considerable, so there's no real opportunity to express any bullish view on the euro at this stage," said Valentin Marinov, head of FX strategy at Credit Agricole in London.
The dollar index - which measures the greenback against six major rivals - inched up to 100.64, just below a three-week high, leaving it up 0.1 percent on the day.
Data on Friday showed investors reduced bets on dollar strength for the first time in four weeks in the week up to last Tuesday.
Markets were eyeing the U.S. non-farm payrolls report due on Friday for clues on the likely pace of interest rate rises from the U.S. Federal Reserve.
"The real focus is going to be in the week ahead given how much data we have coming out ... which of course is absolutely key in trying to assess whether we will see another hike from the Fed in June," said Rabobank currency strategist Christian Lawrence in London.
A spate of mixed U.S. economic data on Friday reinforced the Fed's view that the economy is growing at a steady but not rapid pace.
Investors also parsed comments from Fed officials on Friday, some of which pressured the greenback. Markets are currently pricing in more than a 50 percent chance that the central bank will hike interest rates at its June meeting, the second of the three increases expected this calendar year.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
(Recasts, adds comments and details)
By Donny Kwok
HONG KONG, March 29 Li & Fung Ltd, which supplies clothing and other products to retailers around the world, on Wednesday reported a 47 percent fall in 2016 net profit and said tough conditions in the global retail industry would put pressure on its business.
Li & Fung, which made its name by making clothing and toys for Western retailers, is battling a difficult economic climate as well as competition from online rivals.
The company said in a statement a highly promotional environment was likely to continue in all markets, and retail destocking would persist.
"I expect an unprecedented number of bankruptcies and store closures in the years to come," chief executive officer Spencer Fung told a news conference, referring to the global retail industry. "I remain cautious as (the) operating environment is deteriorating."
The group said it aimed to achieve low double digit growth in revenue and core operating profit by 2019.
Li & Fung said an immediate first step to improve its performance was to reorganise the company into two parts, one focused on services and the other on products.
CEO Fung said the company had no plans to spin off any part of its business at present but would continue to simplify its structure.
Li & Fung said its net profit for 2016 fell to $223 million, from $421 million a year earlier, missing expectations.
Analysts were expecting a profit of $246 million, according to Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate data.
Revenue fell 11 percent to $16.8 billion from a year earlier, while core operating profit dropped 19.6 percent to $412 million.
Li & Fung has refocused on its core supply chain business following the sale of its loss-making brand-licensing and distribution business in 2014, which helped to increase its cash flow and control operating costs.
Li & Fung's shares closed 0.5 percent lower ahead of the earnings announcement, lagging a 0.2 percent rise in the benchmark Hang Seng Index.
Hong Kong's stock index compiler in February said it would remove Li & Fung as a constituent of the Hang Seng Index, replacing it with Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd, sending Li & Fung's shares to a 14 year low. (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Randy Fabi and Jane Merriman)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
The Ab Fab star recently hosted the film Baftas, which was dominated by the Time's Up and MeToo movements.
Joanna Lumley says they are “terrified that all men are seen as bad” in the wake of the sexual misconduct scandal which engulfed Hollywood.
The Ab Fab star, 71, recently hosted the film Baftas, which was dominated by the Time's Up and MeToo movements.
And they told Good Housekeeping: “This year I do feel the spirit of the suffragettes is with us and we're speaking out about women being treated badly around the world.
“That said, I am terrified that all men are seen as bad.”
They added: “I love and respect men. I am married to one, I work with some wonderful men and I have a son.
“We mustn't deride all men, as only the few are bad and we need to remember that too.”
Good Housekeeping (Good Housekeeping)
Lumley said of hosting the film Baftas: “Even though they (the stars) were dressed in black, they looked wonderful.
“It felt right to wear black at the time [in support of MeToo]. Anything that empowers women is to be supported.”
Lumley, who has also forged a reputation as a campaigner, said that they speak up for what they believe in partly because their mother was a “very good role model”.
They told the magazine: “She couldn't bear bullying and had an enormous sense of social justice. ‘Do as you would be done by' was always their mantra… ‘Be reliable, don't be a thief or a snitch or a husband stealer', all those lessons were instilled into me as a child and to stand up to any form of wrongdoing and bullying.”
The actor, who is hitting the road in their It's All About Me tour, said of their plans: “Let's face it, I'm not getting any younger, so I want to do this before I lose my marbles and while I can still remember all the different parts of my life!”
The full interview is in the June issue of Good Housekeeping, on sale on May 2.
© Press Association 2018
LONDON The burden of new regulation for derivatives markets would be eased and competition increased under proposals from the European Union's executive, a document seen by Reuters showed, which omitted any moves to curb euro clearing in Britain after Brexit.
Under the plans, which bankers expect the European Commission to publish next Wednesday, pension funds would be given a further three year exemption from an obligation to clear their derivatives trades, avoiding a need to tie up billions of euros in collateral to back transactions.
"The proposed modifications will reduce compliance costs and the burden imposed on market participants," a draft of the proposals seen by Reuters said.
Banking industry officials said attempts to potentially curb clearing of euro-denominated contracts in Britain after Brexit has been put back to at least the end of June - well after the UK general election.
The EU Commission had no comment on the document or on the discussion of euro clearing.
The London Stock Exchange has said that a shift in euro clearing to the continent would mean the loss of thousands of jobs in the City.
The EU made derivatives more transparent after their opacity accentuated the 2007-09 financial crisis.
"The proposed modifications will reduce compliance costs and the burden imposed on market participants," the document said.
Since the crisis all trades must be reported to a trade repository, and the EU executive proposes to raise the upper limit to 200,000 euros (167,291.18 pounds) for fines for rule breaches at repositories in a bid to improve the quality of data.
The EU executive also proposes that only one party to a trade, rather than both at present, should report it - bringing the bloc in line with the United States.
Improving access to clearing will allow more market participants to manage risks and reduce the likelihood of sudden shocks and business disruption, the document said.
The EU executive proposes giving itself new powers to temporarily suspend the current obligation to clear some types of derivatives trades.
EU states and the European Parliament must approve the proposals for them to become law.
The executive is under pressure from the European Parliament and member states to shift clearing of euro-denominated derivatives to the euro zone from London, which currently dominates the activity.
This, policymakers have argued, would give the European Central Bank direct oversight after Britain leaves the EU.
"There had been talk of some kind of clearing location policy. We hear that's still on the table, but may not be included in the text next week," an industry official said.
The commission has scheduled further, unspecified "amendments" to the derivatives rules at its meeting on June 28.
(Additional reporting by Francesco Guarascio in Brussels; Editing by Rachel Armstrong and Elaine Hardcastle)
Police Minister Fikile Mbalula has announced the appointment of retired Judge Frans Kgomo as the head of the Office of the Judge Complaints Unit for the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (DPCI).
The Minister made the announcement at a media briefing at the Imbizo Centre in Cape Town on Friday following the passing of Judge Essa Moosa.
The Minister said after consultation with the Minister of Justice and the Chief Justice, Judge Kgomo was appointed to investigate complaints from any member of the public relating to any serious infringement of rights caused by the DPCI or complaints received from a member of the DPCI.
“The DPCI, commonly referred to as the Hawks, is tasked with the legal responsibility of preventing, combating and investigating national priority offences and other offences, including selected offences referred to in the Prevention and Corrupt Activities Act, 2004 Act No 12 of 2004.
“Judge Kgomo's role does not derogate the role of the Independent Police Investigative Directorate and the General of Intelligence but compliments these institutions and as such they will work together in the protection of our people and maintenance of integrity in our criminal justice system,” Minister Mbalula said.
The Minister said Judge Kgomo, who was the Judge President of the Nothern Cape Division in Kimberly, has an “impressive human rights background”, having previously practised as an advocate at the North West Bar.
Judge Kgomo was also a member of the National Association of Democratic Lawyers (NADEL) and the Lawyers for Human Rights.
“The appointment of Judge Kgomo will contribute in ensuring that the DPCI executes its mandate in accordance with the spirit of the constitution.
“I look forward to working with you Judge [Kgomo] and thank you for accepting my invitation in your retirement to serve your people once again,” they said.
Judge Kgomo thanked the Minister for showing confidence in him, and said they look forward to working in the company of the men in blue again after having interacted with police throughout their career.
“Mr Minister, thank you very much for the confidence that you have bestowed upon me. Our Chief Justice is a person who wants people always to hit the ground running and they do not want excuses. I have known them and worked with them from 1986. When they intimated to me that the Minister wants someone to do this responsibility, I was a bit taken aback… but I am looking forward to performing this function.” – SAnews.gov.za
South Africa Today – South Africa News
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Share This: Teen Wolf Uncovered: What Will Happen Now That Liam's Been Exposed As A Supernatural? Tina
The secret's out about some of Scott McCall's pack, and we have Liam's short fuse to thank for it.
On tonight's Teen Wolf, the alpha-in-training made the massive mistake of wolfing out in public—a major faux pas in the supernatural kingdom. The BHHS senior typically controls their claws with the calming phrase, “The sun, the moon, the truth,” but that mantra was absent when Liam needed it most.
In the beta's defense, they were working solo to save Brett and Lori from Gerard's inevitable trap after Scott got spiked in the chest. (You know Malia had to stay behind and take Scott's pain because SCALIA!) When piercing sonic emitters corralled a poisoned Brett and their sister out of the underground tunnels and into the street, Liam was right behind, just in time to hear the impact of a car colliding, striking the siblings. And just in time to be spotted by several passersby in all their clawed, fanged, yellow-eyed glory.
If we know anything, it's that Liam loses it when any of their loved ones are in danger—remember when the beta came thisclose to murdering Scott over Hayden? And we admit, Liam and Lori could have been the next Layden, seeing as the lacrosse captain seemed to be seriously feeling the blonde BHHS student.
The kicker? This was all part of Gerard's dirty plan: “The best way to build an army is through fear,” stated the old man. And G's army is swiftly growing in number—not only has Liam been found out, but Corey's and Lydia's secret supernatural identities were discovered too, thanks to the chimera getting stabbed in the hand by a suspicious student.
So what will become of our supernatural friends? It's only a matter of time before the Beacon Hills townspeople revolt with the senior Argent at the helm. Comment with your thoughts, and find out what happens to our beloved beta next Sunday on MTV.
BOGOTA, March 30 Cemex Latam Holdings, a unit of Mexican cement company Cemex, said on Thursday it would use only a portion of capacity at a new cement plant after Colombian environmental authorities denied the company permission for bigger output.
Cemex had asked the regional environmental authority of Antioquia, in north western Colombia, for a license to build a plant with production capacity of 950,000 tonnes, but the request was denied.
Still, Cemex said in a statement that it would continue construction of the $340-million plant, near Maceo in Antioquia province, but keep output at only 250,000 tonnes a year.
"I will continue our project to finish the plant with the capacity to produce 250,000 tonnes of cement, but in the future we will request authorization again through a new delimitation of the current mining title," a company source told Reuters. (Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta; Writing by Helen Murphy; editing by Diane Craft)
Football Soccer - Real Madrid v Atletico Madrid - UEFA Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Estadio Santiago Bernabeu, Madrid, Spain - 2/5/17 Atletico Madrid's Fernando Torres, Gabi and Koke look dejected after Real Madrid's third goal Reuters / Albert Gea
MADRID Atletico Madrid's 3-0 loss to rivals Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday was just a continuation of results that have blighted the team for almost 60 years.
Real's victory at the Santiago Bernabeu means they are poised to knock Atletico out of the competition for the fourth successive year.
Two of those defeats came in the 2014 and 2016 finals in Lisbon and Milan respectively, the other a quarter-final elimination in 2015, but perhaps the most disappointing aspect of Tuesday's result was that it was fully deserved.
Madrid dominated from start to finish with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring a hat-trick, while Atletico only created two real chances in the first half, and wasted both.
The loss was a continuation of results Atletico have suffered in continental competition against Madrid since the European Cup semi-final in 1959 despite coach Diego Simeone's reign bringing more balance to the rivalry.
The Argentine, however, has not given up on their team's chances yet.
"We will try and take the chance we have, no matter how small it is," Simeone told reporters. "I feel relaxed, more than anything else, more than ever.
"We will try for something impossible, as we are Atletico Madrid, we are capable of doing it."
Despite the coach's words of hope, elimination seems an inevitability.
A pre-match banner caused some consternation at Atletico according to reports in Spain, as Madrid fans created a display which read 'tell me how it feels', with references to Milan and Lisbon.
Over 4,000 Atletico fans attended the game and they remained for over 15 minutes after the final whistle, singing about never giving up on their team.
Unfortunately their team had given up on them by the 73rd minute of the first leg, conceding Ronaldo's second goal before they completed their hat-trick four minutes from the end, leaving themselves little hope of a comeback next week.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis speaks in the holy city of Mashhad, Iran, in this handout photo believed to be taken in February 2016. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis gestures as they meet grand clerics in the holy city of Qom, Iran, in this handout photo believed to be taken in April 2016. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
LONDON Hardline Shi'ite cleric Ebrahim Raisi announced on Sunday they would run in Iran's May presidential election, challenging moderate President Hassan Rouhani's economic record and their policy of detente with the West.
The former prosecutor-general may struggle for recognition among voters though analysts say Raisi, thanks to the support they enjoy from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, could pose a real challenge to Rouhani's bid for a second term.
Raisi has faulted Iran's economic performance under Rouhani and their pursuit of detente that in 2015 yielded a landmark deal with world powers under which Tehran curbed its disputed nuclear programme in exchange for the lifting of sanctions.
"People are asking why despite all our resources and human talents ...our country is in this situation," Raisi said in a statement published by Iranian news agencies.
"The key solution to our problems is fundamental change in the executive management of the country by the will of the people, and the formation of a competent and knowledgeable government that works day and night to bring back the dignity of the people and fights poverty and corruption."
Rouhani won the presidency in 2013 with the backing of mainly of young people and women. They promised to bring Iran out of its international isolation and create a freer society.
But many ordinary Iranians have lost faith in them because they have not been able to improve the economy despite the lifting of sanctions in January last year under the nuclear deal.
Rights campaigners also say there have been few, if any, moves to bring about greater political and cultural freedoms.
Raisi, 57, heads Astan Qods Razavi, an organisation in charge of a multibillion-dollar religious foundation that manages donations to Iran's holiest Shi'ite Muslim shrine in the northeastern city of Mashhad.
Their statement said they would not use the religious and financial advantages of this post for their electoral campaign.
If they win the May 19 vote, Raisi would boost their chances of eventually succeeding Khamenei, who themselves served two terms as president under the late founder of Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
Iranian conservatives are still trying to reach consensus on a presidential candidate, though Raisi seems well placed to become their top choice.
Raisi was named on Thursday by the Popular Front of Revolutionary Forces, the conservatives' main coalition, as a potential contender in the Islamic Republic's election.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Senior Supreme Court Lawyer Rajeev Dhawan writes to CJI Dipak Misra, says 'after humiliating end to Delhi( CM vs LG power tussle) case I have decided to give up court practice' pic.twitter.com/yJ8Aox3WVF
— ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
Dhawan was upset over a 'humiliating' exchange in the court between them and Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, reported ANI.In a letter to Chief Justice Dipak Misra they said: “After the humiliating end to the Delhi case, I have decided to give up Court practice. You are entitled to take back my Senior Gown conferred on me, though I would like to keep it for memory and services rendered.A five-judge Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court had on December 6 concluded its hearing and reserved judgment in the Centre-Delhi power tussle over who between them wields the power of administration and governance over the National Capital.During the hearing, Dhavan had made some submissions which were not appreciated by the bench.According to ANI, Dhavan wanted to make verbal submissions, which CJI Misra allowed, but asked them to not repeat the points made by lead counsel Gopal Subramanium.Reportedly, CJI Misra then objected to a submission they thought Dhavan had made earlier and snapped at the senior advocate.On December 5, several senior lawyers including Kapil Sibal, Rajeev Dhavan and Dushyant Dave had made high-pitched arguments in the Ayodhya case seeking an adjournment of the hearing till July 2019 and some of them had even threatened to walk out.Following which the CJI said: "Come what may, shouting in the courtroom will not be tolerated at any cost.""Lawyers are traditionally called ministers of justice. Unfortunately, a small group of lawyers thinks they can raise their voice...argue with authority and conviction. Raising your voice just shows inadequacy and incompetence," the CJI had said on Thursday, adding that some senior members of the Bar have been indulging in high pitch arguments.
April 20 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Libertadores Cup Group 2 matches on Wednesday Wednesday, April 19 Santa Fe (Colombia) 0 Santos (Brazil) 0 Tuesday, April 18 Sporting Cristal (Peru) 0 The Strongest (Bolivia) 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Santos 3 1 2 0 3 1 5 2 Santa Fe 3 1 1 1 3 2 4 ------------------------- 3 The Strongest 3 1 1 1 2 2 4 ------------------------- 4 Sporting Cristal 3 0 2 1 1 4 2 1-2: Next round 3: Copa Sudamericana
Earth Day, held annually on April 22 since 1970, is the official holiday of Big Environment, the organizations that keep supposedly evil corporations from ruining our “Pale Blue Dot,” as the late, great Carl Sagan once described Earth.
In the early 1990s, I remember seeing people mark the day by cleaning up roadside trash tossed aside by careless motorists. This was useful action by those early environmentalists, but it seems Earth Day is more than that now. Now, it seems like a pagan rite of spring, where we humanize the natural world and deify it at the same time. All the while we elevate ourselves, believing we caused the Earth to change and that we have the power to revive it.
While I'm no expert in climate change, I know the environment is a huge political football. There was a time when environmentalists were on the outside looking in. Now, Big Environment (yes, they're as big and powerful as Big Oil) seems to be the driving force in politics. Just as they would say about Big Oil, Big Environment is run amok.
While it's right to think of environmental impact when crafting legislation – so we don't go back to red-running rivers and smog-filled cities, the very issues the environmental movement rightly sought to fix in the 1970s – some believe the health of the environment should trump every other concern, especially when government faces issues related to population or commercial growth.
We need look no further than our own backyard for examples of Big Environment in action.
Protect South Portland has been intent on ridding the city of its once-thriving oil industry, despite that industry's importance regionally, nationally and even internationally. The group's influence a few years ago to pass the Clear Skies Ordinance is now costing city taxpayers millions to defend in court. The law, which bans Canadian oil sands within city limits, is decimating the local oil industry, and impacted companies are, not surprisingly, seeking tax abatements.
I feel especially sorry for those South Portland taxpayers (especially those who voted against the ordinance) who are paying for Big Environment's appeal to emotion regarding water quality. The likelihood of bursts and spills is too much to risk, pipeline foes say, despite the pipeline being in existence for 75-plus years with nary an errant drip.
Protect South Portland and other groups argue that all oil is bad and “sustainable” alternatives are good. I'm not so sure that's true. Have you seen what wind power does to the environment? Before windmills dotted Maine's upland horizon, you would have experienced nothing but wilderness in some areas.
Now, thanks to Big Environment and their powerful friends like U.S. Sen. Angus King, you see massive turbine blades placed atop huge concrete foundations that ruin the mountainous landscape. They're just plain ugly, noisy, dangerous to birds and taint what makes Maine unique – unbridled wilderness.
If wind power worked, I might look past these sensory impacts. But it doesn't, because wind, even massive arrays like the one on Mars Hill in eastern Maine, can't provide enough electricity to make a meaningful dent in energy generation. To illustrate how feeble Maine's wind capacity is, there would have to be 47 Mars Hill-sized wind farms in each and every county to offset the energy needs of just the homes in Maine; never mind commercial energy needs.
While they aren't great at discerning fact from fiction, the one thing that Big Environment is good at is filling their coffers. They devise would-be perils to convince us to donate. The recent furor over tar sands (a biased term concocted by Big Environment and parroted by the media) is a fitting local example. How much money did those anti-pipeline groups bring in as a result of their hysteria? To twist a U2 lyric, they remind me of a preacher from the Old-Time Gospel Hour, stealing money from the fearful and easily persuaded.
If the thermometer consistently read 120 degrees in the summer and 60 in the winter, I might join the Big Environment club. But January thaws still come and go; February blizzards blow; mud season and flooding occur in April; flowers still bud in May; August is as intolerable now as when my grandmother was young; apples still ripen in September, and we haul out those winter jackets around Thanksgiving every year. Nature works like clockwork.
I understand Big Environment needs to keep us in perpetual fear of creation's imminent demise so their cash reserves stay plump, but maybe we should use Earth Day in a different way this year. After collecting that winter's worth of roadside litter (a truly noble undertaking), spend the day outdoors doing something fun. Nature was created for our enjoyment, not for Big Environment's political and financial benefit.
John Balentine, a former managing editor for Sun Media Group, lives in Windham.
April 30 Noxxon Pharma Nv
* Reports 2016 financial results & announces advanced discussions regarding a convertible bond financing
* Revenue was eur 83 thousand for 2016 compared to eur 43 thousand for 2015
* Net loss for full year 2016 was eur 10.8 million, compared to eur 16.1 million in 2015
* As of December 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents amounted to eur 2.2 million, compared to eur 4.1 million at December 31, 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
April 12 Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd
* US unit received notice of approval of miscellaneous land use permit from alaska department of natural resources
* Unit received notice of approval for its ongoing activities at pebble project in southwest alaska Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects currency to Canadian dollars, not U.S. dollars. The error also appeared in previous versions of the story.)
May 1 Sherritt International Corp, Korea Resources Corp (Kores) and Sumitomo Corp, partners in the Ambatovy nickel operation in Madagascar, have agreed in principle to revise their joint venture agreement, Sherritt said on Monday.
As a result, Sherritt's stake in the joint venture will be reduced to 12 percent from 40 percent in exchange for the elimination of C$1.4 billion ($1.02 billion) of loans it needed to repay, Sherritt said in a statement.
Toronto-based Sherritt will remain as the operator of Ambatovy, which consists of a nickel-cobalt mine and processing and refining facilities, until at least 2024.
The revised terms "removes the largest area of uncertainty for both Ambatovy and Sherritt," Sherritt Chief Executive David Pathe said. "With this transaction, we eliminate $1.4 billion in debt from Sherritt's balance sheet," they said.
Sherritt did not reveal the new shareholdings of its partners in Ambatovy. Previously, Sumitomo owned a 32.5 percent stake and Kores 27.5 percent.
Nearly half the world's nickel operations are producing metal at a loss, Pathe told Reuters July 26, following a collapse in the nickel price partly due to overcapacity. ($1 = 1.3659 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Editing by Leslie Adler and James Dalgleish)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Can you legally keep your children off school in a heatwave?
It's a question many parents are asking as the temperatures soar across Birmingham and throughout the West Midlands.
Birmingham is set to heat up next week , so it might be an issue for some.
One Midlands dad sparked controversy with their decision to keep their children away from school as the mercury soared.
Adam Lamberton, from Swadlincote, in Derbyshire, woke up at 6.45am one Monday morning and decided that they did not want their children to be out at school.
Mr Lamberton said: "I know it won't be any cooler here than it is in school, but at least if they are here, I can make sure they are drinking plenty of water, staying safe.
"I know they won't wear sun cream or their hats if I'm not here to tell them, so at least they are safe if they're with me."
But what does the law say?
Despite the sweltering heat, schools continue as normal in hot weather – though minor changes and provisions are brought into effect.
The only regulation which covers temperatures in schools is the Health and Safety at Work Act of 1974, which states that employers should protect against "excessive working temperatures" – it applies to education.
But no specific top temperature is cited.
It remains a legal requirement for a child to attend school.
JOHANNESBURG, April 10 South African President Jacob Zuma said on Monday that marches last week across the country that drew tens of thousands of protesters demanding their resignation demonstrated that racism was real.
Zuma made the remarks during a memorial to commemorate the 24th anniversary of the assassination anti-apartheid and Communist Party leader Chris Hani, whose murder almost derailed the negotiations that led to the end of apartheid rule. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May makes a campaign stop at a company in St Yves, Cornwall, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May will lead Britain's Brexit talks and is approaching the negotiations with goodwill, their spokesperson said on Tuesday, responding to criticism that their government underestimated the complexity of the process.
"We are clear that we will make a success of Brexit and we will secure a deal that works in the best interest of Britain and the European Union," the spokesperson told reporters.
"All I can say ... is that we approach these talks in a constructive manner and with huge amounts of goodwill."
After meeting May at their Downing Street residence on Wednesday, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was reported to have said they were "10 times more sceptical than I was before" about the possibility of sealing a deal.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, writing by William James)
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* China's steel exports: tmsnrt.rs/2Er6KRf
* China steel and real estate: tmsnrt.rs/2EwBznC
By Andy Home
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Global production of crude steel rose by 5.3 percent last year, according to the World Steel Association (WSA).
As remarkable as the pace of growth was the geographical spread.
Only two of the world's top 20 steel-producing countries saw output contract last year.
The decline registered by Japan, the world's second-largest producer, was a statistically marginal 0.1 percent, while the 6.4 percent drop in Ukraine's output is only an estimate from the WSA, pending harder figures from the country.
Output everywhere else was up year-on-year, led by stellar increases of 13.1 percent in Turkey, the world's eighth-largest producer, and of 9.9 percent in Brazil, the ninth largest.
Climbing output is being complemented by rising earnings. ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steel producer, has reported a rise in its core 2017 profit of more than a third and a resumption of dividend payments after a two-year gap.
“Market conditions are favourable,” the company said, adding that “the demand environment remains positive ... and steel spreads remain healthy.”
This collective steel sweet spot mirrors that in the global manufacturing economy, with purchasing managers indices running strong and analysts expecting more of the same for 2018.
It is also, however, a result of a sharp fall in exports from China, the world's largest producer.
How long such export restraint lasts is the “known known” threat for the rest of the world's steel industry.
The “known unknown” threat is sitting on U.S. President Donald Trump's desk in the shape of the “Section 232” report on whether imports of steel threaten the United States' national security.
Graphic on China's steel product exports:
tmsnrt.rs/2Er6KRf
CHINA - NEW DYNAMICS
China's outbound shipments of steel products fell to 75.4 million tonnes last year from 108.5 million in 2016.
The year-on-year difference is equivalent to the national production of Turkey.
It's this sharp drop in export volumes that has accentuated the positive effects of global manufacturing growth for steelmakers such as ArcelorMittal.
The step-change in China's export profile might seem surprising given WSA figures show the country produced 5.7 percent more steel last year and lifted its share of world output to 49.2 percent in 2017 from 49.0 percent in 2016
The headline count, however, may flatter to deceive.
Not only are the official figures subject to major historical revisions, but they are only the “official” figures.
China has forced the closure of a swathe of smaller steel induction furnaces over the last two years. Most of them were non-permissioned “illegal” operators and as such their collective production, while significant, was never included in the country's output figures.
Statistically speaking, we don't know how much China ever really produced, only what its official sector produced.
That official sector is now booming as it plugs gaps in the supply chain resulting from the removal of illegal production.
True, there was a noticeable slowdown in run-rates in the tail end of 2017 as the winter heating restrictions on heavy industry around Beijing kicked in mid-November.
Annualised production slid from 874 million tonnes in September to 789 million tonnes in December. The year-on-year growth rate was just 1.8 percent in that month.
Beijing's war on smog injects a whole new level of uncertainty into China's shifting steel dynamics, disrupting both production and consumption norms.
But the key takeaways are that steel output has been undeniably strong, although just how strong is still open to statistical debate, and steel exports have still dropped.
Why?
Because China's own demand has been so robust.
Graphic on steel production vs real estate investment:
tmsnrt.rs/2EwBznC
CHINA - THE “KNOWN KNOWN”
Mirroring the situation in the rest of the world, Chinese steel producers have been enjoying their own sweet spot.
The closure of massive amounts of capacity, both official and unofficial, has coincided with resurgent demand.
The steel sector has been riding the latest construction and infrastructure boom unleashed by Beijing at the start of 2016 to revitalise a flagging economic growth rate.
The promised switch from the old grey industrial growth path to something shinier and more consumerist has been quietly deferred until a future date.
The scale and duration of the 2016 stimulus has surprised just about everyone. Most metals analysts would have cited Chinese construction-fatigue as their key downside price risk for 2017 but it never came to pass.
Indeed, with stocks of steel products low and the spring construction season looming, it may be deferred a bit longer.
But the underlying fade is there to see in the slowdown in real estate investment growth. It was just 3.1 percent in December, compared with 7.1 percent in January.
A cooling in such a key driver of China's steel sector will sooner or later have consequences for either production or exports or quite possibly both.
It is, however, expected.
THE “KNOWN UNKNOWN”
Far less predictable is how the U.S. President will respond to the findings of the “Section 232” report on the country's steel import dependency.
The probe has been kept under tight wraps, leaving everyone guessing what products and which supplier countries might be hit.
China is undoubtedly target number one, ironically given last year's steel decline in exports.
But the country risks paying the price for past excess, when its exports of surplus steel washed through the rest of the world, leaving a trail of margin compression and destruction.
The big question is how many others might be caught in any steel sanctions.
U.S. steel producers have been pushing their case for a response “that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for products not currently available in the United States.”
If President Trump agrees, the disruptive effect on global flows of steel could be massive, even before any trade backlash from other countries.
They have 90 days to decide effective Jan. 11.
The clock is ticking.
Non-U.S. steel producers may want to enjoy the current sweet spot while it lasts.
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
March 31 Jaguar Animal Health Inc-
* Jaguar Animal Health and Napo Pharmaceuticals enter definitive merger agreement
* Jaguar Animal Health - co's stockholders and option and warrant holders will hold approximately 25% of total outstanding fully diluted equity of Jaguar
* Jaguar Animal Health - holders of Napo common stock immediately prior to merger will receive contingent rights to receive up to 21.5% of Jaguar's shares
* Jaguar Animal Health - financial terms of merger include an approximate 3-to-1 Napo-To-Jaguar value ratio to calculate relative ownership of combined entity
* Jaguar Animal Health Inc - Napo entered into a settlement and discounted payoff agreement with one of its existing secured creditors
* Jaguar Animal Health - Napo agreed, upon deal closing to pay creditor $8 million in cash, certain shares of Jaguar voting and non-voting common stock
* Jaguar Animal Health Inc - proposed merger has been unanimously approved by boards of directors of both companies
* Jaguar Animal Health Inc - combined company will be under leadership of Jaguar's current executive management team Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
UBC Okanagan come up short at U SPORTS women's volleyball finals in Quebec City
The UBC Okanagan Heat congratulate the Laval Rouge et Or in the final game for both teams Saturday at the U SPORTS nationals in Quebec City. -Image: UBC Okanagan Heat athletics
The UBC Okanagan Heat had the Ryerson Rams right where they wanted them.
Three days later, the Rams were U SPORTS national women's volleyball champs and the Heat were headed home empty handed.
In the opening round of nationals at the University of Laval, UBC Okanagan led Ryerson 2-0, only to see the eventual champion Rams roar back for a 3-2 win (22-25, 18-25, 25-23, 25-23, 15-8), dropping the Heat to the consolation side of the draw.
“Ryerson is a very good team, very well coached with great athletes,” said Heat head coach Steve Manuel. “You can't let them in the door and this is exactly what we did tonight. They fully took advantage of it.”
Ryerson went on to defeat Alberta in five sets in the final to win its first ever national title.
The Heat, who went in as the No. 5 seed, then faced the host Laval Rouge et Or in the consolation semi-final and went down to defeat 3-1 (25-16, 17-25, 27-25, 25-20).
Despite coming home without a win, Steve Manuel said there are plenty of positives for the Heat to take away from their second appearance in three years at nationals.
“We are still building a program,” said Manuel. “We are a relatively new volleyball program to U SPORTS. What I hope is that we learned something from this week and understand what it takes to be a little bit better among the top eight teams in the country so we can be a little bit more ready with this group when we return.”
The loss ends the UBC Okanagan careers for three players. Erin Drew, a middle from Rutland Secondary, and two outside hitters Siobhan Fitzpatrick, from Immaculata High, and Michelle Jakszuk, from Elphinstone Secondary in Gibsons, all had outstanding careers with the Heat.
Lea and all-Canadian
The Heat didn't come home with a medal but UBCO's Aiden Lea is bringing back a national award.
The third-year middle and Kelowna native was named to the the 2018 U SPORTS women's volleyball all-Canadian team.
Playing in all 24 matches, Lea logged 88 sets of court time, amassing 226 kills or 2.57 per set for a balanced Heat attack.
Lea is the third UBC Okanagan volleyball player to be selected to the highest award in the nation since UBCO started competing at the highest level of university sports competition.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Gauteng Department of Health is technically bankrupt.
This follows after the MEC for health, Gwen Ramokgopa, acknowledged that they have no money to pay for negligence. Legal experts point out that if someone admits that they can not pay creditors, it is an act of insolvency.
Apparently, there is so much negligence in Gauteng's health services that demand attention. At present, Ramokgopa's department has already paid R13 billion to claims for which they have no money. If the claims are to be paid out, certain hospitals and clinics will have to close their doors.
Medical experts say it is indeed better if the institutions close because if there are so many negligent performances in it, and it would be safer to shut down the places.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
The EU and UN are calling for swift political talks to try and end Syria's war once and for all.
As they host an international donor conference in Brussels, the warning is that territorial gains made by Damascus are not bringing the elusive peace.
But with earlier pleas for dialogue and a humanitarian ceasefire falling on deaf ears, shouldn't the EU step things up?
"We still believe that it is vital that the cessation of hostilities, in particular for the humanitarian access is guaranteed. The EU is not, has never been a military player, we are a humanitarian and political player," stressed EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini.
The Brussels conference is seeking billions of euros in aid for Syria, as the UN's special envoy warns of a new humanitarian hotspot.
"Idlib is the big new challenge: 2.5 million people. And you will not believe that all of them are terrorists, of course; they are women, children, civilians. So we hope that it will be an occasion to make sure that Idlib does not become the new Aleppo, the new East Ghouta," Staffan de Mistura, UN Special Envoy for Syria, told reporters in Brussels.
On day one of the conference, the debate focused on how to help the 18 million Syrians caught up in the conflict - five million of which are taking refuge in neighbouring countries.
"SARC - Syrian Arab Red Crescent - is delivering food, non-food items across the country where there is the most acute need and it has an enormous health services as well. The budget for us for this year is just above 50 million Swiss Francs, so it is a big budget and the gap is enormous," said Paula Fitzgerald, Red Cross/Red Crescent officer for Syria.
Reporting from Brussels, Euronews' Isabel Marques da Silva said: "After last year's conference, 33 of the 42 donors fulfilled their pledges, but the money gathered is only half of the UN funding appeals, so they are asking for more solidarity from the international community."
HELSINKI Finland's co-ruling, eurosceptic Finns party is poised for a loss in Sunday's municipal elections, with the latest opinion polls showing the party far behind its centre-right coalition partners.
The local election is not expected to change the course of Prime Minister Juha Sipila's three-party government, but a loss for the Finns could complicate the coalition's efforts and tip the party's own leadership race in favour of a hardline candidate.
A final poll by broadcaster YLE on Thursday showed Sipila's Centre Party, the co-ruling conservative NCP and opposition party Social Democrats all with the support of around 18 percent of voters. The Finns, the second-biggest party in parliament, ranked fifth with 9.7 percent of support.
The survey was in line with earlier polls showing Finns falling short of the 17.7 percent it got in a parliamentary vote two years ago and below its 12.3 percent in 2012 local elections.
"The Finns have often said they are not as strong in municipal elections as on national level. But if their support falls below 10 percent, they need to find a better explanation", said Kimmo Gronlund, professor of political science at Abo Akademi.
Formerly known as True Finns, the party has in recent years softened its nationalist and anti-EU platform and distanced itself from other European far-right parties, which helped it enter the coalition government two years ago.
But compromises in the government - which policies have included public spending cuts, backing the EU bailout for Greece and providing help for migrants - have angered some of its core voters.
The party's leader, Foreign Minister Timo Soini, is stepping down as party chair in June, and a loss in the local vote could improve Jussi Halla-aho's chances to replace him.
Halla-aho, a member of the European Parliament and an anti-immigration hardliner, is one of two front-runners in the leadership race with lawmaker Sampo Terho, a Soini ally.
A victory for Halla-aho, who would seek Finland's exit from both the euro zone and the European Union if elected, could bring down the country's three-party government, analysts said.
"Loss at the polls would strengthen the anti-immigrant factions' arguments, that government policies are to blame for the party's problems", said Markku Jokisipila, a political scientist at the University of Turku.
Early voting results will be announced after polling stations close at 1700 GMT. A majority of votes is expected to be counted within three hours.
(Reporting by Tuomas Forsell)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis addresses a news conference during a NATO defence ministers meeting at the Alliance headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is pictured at the Headquarters of Large Combined Unit 966 of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang on March 1, 2017. KCNA/via REUTERS/File Photo
LONDON U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said North Korea is acting in a reckless manner and must be stopped.
"This is a threat of both rhetoric and growing capability, and we will be working with the international community to address this, we are doing so right now," Mattis said in reply to a question about the potential threat to the United States from ballistic missiles.
"Right now it appears to be going in a very reckless manner in what its conduct is portraying for the future and that's got to be stopped," Mattis said.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and Phil Stewart; Writing by William James; editing by Stephen Addison)
How do you know it's late Spring and early Summer? LeBron is in the playoffs, and suddenly they vanish from all sources of social media. They claim it helps concentrate.
So when the playoffs are over, we all suddenly start waiting for their return to the interwebz – and it has finally happened this year.
The video, posted on instagram, is simply LeBron singing happy birthday to their son, without any mention of the finals loss.
Happy Bday Bryce Maximus!! Can't believe you're 10 years old man. Time is serious flying. Love you Young 👑 and u make me proud to be your father every single day!! #ZhuriLikeThatsMyCakeToo 😂😂😂😂 A post shared by LeBron James (@kingjames) on Jun 14, 2017 at 7:45pm PDT
While they are likely still upset over the long campaign that ended with a loss, it is clear that they are just fine returning to family life, and preparing for next season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stacey Solomon is having their sons home schooled, they have confirmed.
The former X Factor star currently works as a TV presenter, with ITV chat show Loose Women among their gigs.
Stacey has two boys - Zachary, 10, and Leighton, 5 - and recently caused controversy online when sharing pictures of the boys on holiday.
Many suggested they should be reprimanded for letting the boys take time off school for a holiday.
But Stacey has now revealed they are having them home schooled - and the 28-year-old's reasons are enough to make any parent think.
Stacey says they made the decision after feeling their sons were losing their personalities after attending state school.
“[Zachary] would come home from school embarrassed to make jokes and be silly and they became very quiet and a little sad. We spoke about this a lot and they explained to me that their behaviour was deemed naughty and disruptive by teachers and not cool by their peers,” Stacey explains in their column for The Sun.
"He said when they asked questions, they felt they were silly. One stuck out for me in particular. They were studying the Egyptians and they asked 'but where did the Egyptians come from?' They were told to ask a sensible question,” they continued.
Stacey added that they decided to give homeschooling a try when they noticed a significant change in Zachary's approach to learning, according to the Mirror.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"As time went on and Zachary got older it became uncool to be clever so their grades started dropping and their attitude rising. Yes, even at 10. I didn't want to believe it started that early either but apparently it does! That's when I thought, 'OK, what are we doing here?'” they explained.
Stacey says they hope homeschooling their boys will give them greater advantages in life as they will learn “life maths” - which they state to refer to teaching them about interest rates and taxes over learning “Pythagoras theorem”.
They also explain that they are fortunate enough to rely on family to help - with their mother helping look after the boys, while their marine biologist sister helps teach them about ocean life, their brother teaches them IT skills and app building, while free classes at the Apply store help teach their sons coding.
Stacey is also following online classes to teach them lads Mandarin and says they are ensuring they follow curriculum courses for English, Maths and science and adds they are free to make the decision to attend secondary school in the future - and that they will be free to take GCSEs and A Levels “if they decide they want that.”
Dr. Angelique Campen will be the keynote speaker at the first in a series of thought leadership meetings produced by, Social Plexxus. The Event Series will address the complex and evolving opioid crisis.
FullSizeRender
Media Contact
Amee Gray, Ms.Gray Marketing
amee@msgraymarketing.com
amee@msgraymarketing.com Amee Gray, Ms.Gray Marketingamee@msgraymarketing.com
End
-- Dr. Angelique Campen will be the keynote speaker at the first in a series of thought leadership meetings produced by, Social Plexxus. The Event Series will address the complex and evolving opioid crisis. The first event topic in the series is focused on opioid addictions as they result from a personal or workplace Injury.Traumatic work place and accident related Injuries often require surgery or an involved series of therapies that can take many months to complete. In either scenario, opioids are often prescribed to relieve acute pain. Doctors intend for these to be used only as a short term comfort measure during recovery and rehabilitation. However, a patients use at home is unsupervised and is often difficult to manage. As well, Opioids are highly addictive.As the nation broils in confusion about who to blame, and how it began, Doctor Campen, seeks to understand the science behind the solution.As the Medical Director for BEMG (Burbank Emergency Medical Group) at Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center in Burbank California, as well as Clinical Instructor of Emergency Medicine at UCLA, Dr. Angelique Campen has seen their fair share of accidental overdose from drug abuse. A tragedy that is unfortunately growing at an alarming rate since 1996, when Oxycontin first entered the market."In the late 1990s, pharmaceutical companies reassured the medical community that patients would not become addicted to prescription opioid pain relievers, and healthcare providers began to prescribe them at greater rates. This subsequently led to widespread diversion and misuse of these medications before it became clear that these medications could indeed be highly addictive. Opioid overdose rates began to increase." Reflects Dr. CampenOverdose rates have risen steadily over the last 20 years, wcj "In 2015, more than 33,000 Americans died as a result of an opioid overdose, including prescription opioids. That same year, an estimated 2 million people in the United States suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers. Every day, more than 90 Americans die after overdosing on opioids. The misuse of and addiction to opioids—including prescription pain relievers ( https://www.drugabuse.gov/ publications/ research-reports/ m... ),—is a serious national crisis that affects public health as well as social and economic welfare. The total economic burden of prescription opioid misuse alone in the United States is $78.5 billion a year, including the costs of healthcare, lost productivity, addiction treatment, and criminal justice involvement. " Dr. Campen recites these statistics as if they have repeated them a thousand times, clearly this is what has their wheels spinning.Dr. Campen is a champion in the fight for fair and ethical medical treatment. Never one to shy away from controversy they advocate on the behalf of their patients with fierce determination and empathy. They have published numerous papers and won many accolades for their research in Emergency Medicine as well was pancreatic adenocarcinoma. They have been featured in and received accolades on ABC news and countless national publications.As the director of the Emergency room, they are a beloved captain and an ardent mentor and support system for a huge staff of fellow physicians, residents, surgeons, and is especially loved by the incredible team of nurses.As a graduate of Marlborough High School, magna cum laude at Georgetown University, and UCLA School of Medicine, Dr Campen completed their residency in Emergency medicine at the UCLA/ Olive View-UCLA Residency Program and served as chief resident there in their final year. They hold an MBA in health care management, is a Fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians, serves on the wellness committee for the American College of Emergency Physicians, as well as a board member for Providence Saint Joseph Foundation. They volunteer their medical services at the LA Free Clinic, owns an aesthetic medicine practice, and lectures on "Delivering Bad News" and "How to keep yourself safe in the medical arena." Them the latest passion is educating patients and helping to solve the opioid epidemic in healthcare.She is proud mother to 13 year old twins Hunter and Paris as well as 11 year old Scarlett. They have served on the board of The Ebell Women's Club, Wilshire Rotary, and the Assistance League of Los Angeles.The event "From Insult to Injury" will take place, Wednesday October 18 from 6-9 PM.The Pali Winery is located at:500 South Anaheim BoulevardAnaheim, CA. 92805http://www.paliwineco.com/Social Plexxus promotes personal and professional growth through thought leadership, networking and professional development events as well as social media and public relations.@social_plexxus https://www.facebook.com/Social-Plexxus-529855220688369/Press Contact:Amee GrayMs.Gray MarketingLos Angeles, California.818-522-3654amee@msgraymarketing.com
March 31Hunan Sundy Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 20 percent to 40 percent, or to be 6.9 million yuan to 8.0 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 5.7 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are increased income from export contracts and improved investment return
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/5MRLuR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
There are now 67 days until the start of the 2018 season for the Arizona Cardinals, who host the Washington Redskins in Week 1. We continue our countdown to the season remembering a player from the team's past who wore that number on their jersey.
Today we remember tackle Luis Sharpe.
Sharpe was a mainstay at left tackle for the Cardinals from 1982-1994. The St. Louis Cardinals drafted them 16th overall in 1982 and they started nine games as a rookie.
They were extremely durable. Over the next 12 seasons, they missed only 12 games, although it was a knee injury in 1994 that all but ended their career.
They were a three-time Pro Bowler, in three straight seasons from 1987-1989. However, they did struggle with substance abuse.
After their career-ending injury in 1994, coach Buddy Ryan insinuated that the loss of Sharpe was not a meaningful loss to the team.
Their life was a mess after their career. They struggled with drugs, was shot, spent time in prison and almost died in a fight in prison.
In an interview with 12 News last year, it was reported they have been sober since 2013 and is working to help others who suffer from the same struggles they have had.
Sharpe was a great left tackle.  They are probably the best the Cardinals have had at the position.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
New complaint says Carl DeBrodie died from fight-related injuries
JEFFERSON CITY - A new complaint filed in the wrongful death lawsuit for the death of Carl DeBrodie said they died from injuries they got while being forced to fight another person.
DeBrodie was reported missing from Second Chance Homes in Fulton in April 2017. Their body was found encased in concrete at a storage facility a short time later.
According to the complaint, in 2016, Sherry Paulo - a "qualified disability professional" at Second Chance - was assigned to work with DeBrodie one-on-one. For some months, Paulo reportedly took DeBrodie and another Second Chance resident to stay the night at their own home in Fulton.
There, they allegedly forced DeBrodie to do manual labor around the house with no compensation. DeBrodie and the other Second Chance resident would sleep in Paulo's basement, according to the complaint, with no beds or mattresses. Paulo also allegedly forced DeBrodie and the other resident to "physically fight each other for the benefit and amusement of...Paulo and their family."
The complaint said DeBrodie, as a result of this fight, got six broken ribs and other injuries, like black eyes and bruises.
No one noticed these injuries, the document said, because DeBrodie wasn't getting the regular visits and checkups they should have by other caretakers at Second Chance.
At some point between late October and late November 2016, a caretaker named Anthony Flores, who is related to Paulo, heard DeBrodie in the basement screaming. They found DeBrodie seizing and convulsing on the basement floor.
The complaint detailed what apparently happened next:
"Instead of calling 911 or for other emergency assistance, Defendant Flores and [the other Second Chance resident] carried Carl upstairs and placed them into bathtub with the shower running. At this point...Paulo had also gotten involved and instructed...Flores to go downstairs and leave this to her."
"Paulo refused to call 911 or for other emergency assistance, and instead allowed Carl—who was bleeding from their nose and mouth—to continue to convulse in the bathtub....no life-saving measures were attempted that night...Carl died as a result from the episode.
According to the complaint, DeBrodie's body stayed in the bathtub for two or three days before "he was ultimately placed into the City of Fulton trash can, encased in concrete, and placed into a storage unit."
Paulo and Flores are among 18 defendants named in the wrongful death suit, filed by family and friends of DeBrodie. The suit alleges repeated denial of proper care and attention to DeBrodie, as well as refusals by Second Chance staff to let their family see him.
The defendants include a number of state departments and officials, who allegedly failed to have "a policy, procedure, or custom in place whereby reports of mandated, quarterly or monthly face-to-face contacts could be audited and/or verified by an individual other than the one making the report." This failure, the complaint alleged, allowed DeBrodie's caretakers to conceal details about their well-being, health the care they were receiving.
A jury trial has been scheduled for March 2020 in the case. Court records said the trial is expected to last eight days.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
April 20 GEA Group CEO at AGM
* Says U.S. business has picked up since Trump election
* Says customers in Mexico and all of South America, cautious due to concern over possible U.S. duties
* Says hungry for further acquisitions Further company coverage:
ZURICH, March 30 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening up 0.11 percent at 8,671 points on Thursday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
NOVARTIS
The Swiss drugmaker said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) agreed to accelerate review of its CTL019 therapy for young patients with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, helping the company's oncology program reach another important milestone.
For more click
LONZA
The Swiss pharmaceutical supplier will ask shareholders at next month's annual general meeting for permission to issue up to 2.3 billion Swiss francs ($2.3 billion) in new shares to finance its acquisition of U.S. capsule maker Capsugel.
The shares were seen opening 1.9 percent down, according to premarket indicators.
For more click
SIKA
The founding family of the Swiss construction chemical maker will ask shareholders to reject the board's proposal to raise the dividend, intensifying a takeover battle involving France's Saint-Gobain.
For more click
GAM HOLDING
Activist investor RBR Capital Advisors said on Wednesday that Swiss asset manager GAM Holding should cut 353 back office jobs, a third of its total 1,023 workforce, to help cut costs by 100 million Swiss francs ($100 million) annually.
For more click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* WISeKey said talks with OpenLimit on possible merger are not being further pursued.
* Evolva said its fully-year net loss widened to 35.8 million Swiss francs, as revenue slipped to 9.6 million francs, from 13.4 million in the year-earlier period.
* Georg Fischer AG said it won a major order in cruise ship sector worth more than 40 million euros ($43.01 million) over five years.
* Roche said the U.S. FDA's advisory committee recommended approval of subcutaneous Rituxan for certain blood cancers, with a decision due on June 26.
* Kuehne Und Nagel International AG said it had become the global transportation provider for Gruenenthal Group.
* Zurich Insurance shareholders on Wednesday approved expansion of company's authorisation to increase share capital.
* Norinvest said it expects to have booked a total consolidated income of around 59 million Swiss francs in 2016, for a net result of around 4 million francs, including the extraordinary income item announced on 28 December 2016.
* EFG International said $400 million of Tier 2 Resettable Subordinated Notes due 2027 issued by EFG International (Guernsey) Limited and guaranteed by EFG International AG on a subordinated basis have been placed with investors.
ECONOMY
The KOF indicator measuring expected performance of the Swiss economy is due at 1000 GMT. (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
KATHMANDU Nepal is urging climbers on Mount Everest, the world's highest peak, to help remove garbage from a camp abandoned two years ago after an earthquake triggered avalanches killing 18 people, as officials prepare to handle a rush of climbers.
Tourism and mountain climbing are the main sources of income for the Himalayan nation and make up 4 percent of its economy. Climbing is recovering from a series of earthquakes in 2015 that killed a total of 9,000 people.
Ten huge canvas bags each capable of holding 80 kg (176 lbs) of trash are to be placed at the ruined site of Camp Two on Mount Everest for climbers to deposit garbage they have retrieved, said Tourism Department official Durga Dutta Dhakal.
"This way we hope to bring down the trash without any extra cost, using helicopters that return empty after dumping climbing ropes at the high camp," they told Reuters on Wednesday.
The helicopters operate during the climbing season that typically runs from March to May to dump climbing ropes.
Sherpas would be paid to pick up the trash, said veteran climber Russell Brice, a New Zealander who runs the Himalayan Experience guiding company. "We will pay $2 for each kilo of trash the sherpas bring down," Brice said.
Mountaineers have removed more than 16 tonnes of trash from Everest in the past, but there are no estimates of how much still litters the mountain.
Camp Two, located at 6,400 metres (21,000 feet) above sea level above the treacherous Khumbu Icefall known for crevasses and avalanches, is a major camping site for climbers of Mount Everest and Lhotse, the world's fourth highest peak.
More than 600 people scaled the 8,850-metre (29,035-foot) Everest summit last year from the Nepali and Chinese sides.
Hiking officials expect the number to swell this season as many mountaineers, whose $11,000 per-person permits received two-year extensions after the quake, are expected to return.
A group of hiking companies that sponsor climbers said it was trying to boost coordination between teams at high camps to avoid long queues of climbers forming in the mountain's "Death Zone".
"This will reduce crowding, minimize risks and improve safety," Dambar Parajuli, chief of the Expedition Operators' Association, told Reuters.
(Reporting by Gopal Sharma Editing by Krishna N. Das and Clarence Fernandez)
People hold flags as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
A woman holds a placard as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People holdHungarian and European Union flags as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People wave Hungarian and European Union flags as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Hungary said on Wednesday there was a way for a university founded by U.S. financier George Soros to continue operations, following protests after opponents said a new law threatened its future.
The law stipulated that the Central European University (CEU), viewed as a bastion of independent thinking in eastern Europe, must open a branch in its home state of New York alongside its campus in Budapest and secure a bilateral agreement of support from the U.S. government.
The United States called on Hungary to suspend implementation of the law, which on Sunday drew some of the biggest demonstrations against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's government by opponents who consider it part of a wider crackdown on dissent.
Education Secretary Laszlo Palkovics told the news web site HVG.hu on Wednesday the CEU could issue diplomas if it extended a license agreement with its Hungarian sister school to teach its courses.
(Reporting by Marton Dunai; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Study Abroad in India
End
-- India has become the demanding hub for many international students to pursue their career as well as for nourishing the best possible talent in the field of medicines, engineering, astronomy and many other fields. The education system in India has widely made its presence felt among the students. Considering this, it has been found that many students want toand get their admission done in the best of the universities of India.To give a flying start to the dream career of students ILSAP has carved their way to enrich their dream of studying in India as they are trusted name in this domain who has expert counselors for counseling thousands of students every year. They are very much pleased to announce the scholarship facilities for the students who really want to fulfill their dream ofin renowned universities but their financial assistance restrained them to consider this. Through this, they actually want to give monetary assistance and significant recognition for the students who are continuously striving for their academic success. Studying for the career that too far away from your home cost not only for fees of universities but also incur other huge expenses like the cost of living, buying extra books, health care and many other expenses which are not affordable to bear especially for a middle-class person. Introducing a scholarship opportunity in this concern is proof to be a blessing in disguise to fulfill genuine one's dream.With such financial relief opportunity now the budget constraint is no more a problem as numerous universities are here to welcome students with scholarship programs. You just need a reliable guide who let you know about the whole process of scholarship availability and eligibility. And Ilsap is the most trusted and reliable guides who maintain the transparency with students' career. The director of Ilsap reportedly said that"we are just trying to give a jump start a flourishing career and also widens the positive dimension to one's personality by giving them the exact information they are looking for. We at Ilsap try to clear all the doubts of students regarding any sort of query so that they can develop more confidence in their decisions which lead them to ultimately reach their desired goal."Once again Ilsap has successfully proved their dominance in the education consultancy, domain by launching new scholarship programs among students who wish to study in Indian. Their contribution in the educational sector carving a high peak towards success and ensuring the successful career of students by fulfilling the dreams of. Ambitious career oriented students who want to travel for higher studies can weigh for studying in India as it offers a great way to explore this golden country while gaining new knowledge and skills. Andis your required educational consultant dedicatedly committed to excellence to groom the educational knowledge among the students. Ilsap does every possible thing to develop future leaders of the world by nurturing the students in the positive direction.Call us:Visit:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seven police officers from the West Midlands have been investigated for 'abuse of power for sexual gain' during the past 18 months, it has been revealed.
While details of the individual allegations remain unknown, it was confirmed at a Strategic Policing and Crime Board meeting that four officers faced a local investigation into charges in 2017, with one facing a force investigation into their conduct by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC).
In addition to this, there have been two incidents recorded in 2018 - neither of which have yet been concluded.
The remaining five cases have been closed, but their outcomes have not yet been published.
The issue was discussed at a meeting on May 22.
The Strategic Police and Crime Board is called once a month and, according to the Police and Crime Commissioner's website, “ensures effective engagement, strategic direction and holding to account of West Midlands Police.”
The board is chaired by West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner ( PCC) David Jamieson, who has held the position since being elected in 2014.
Referring to the allegations Commissioner Jamieson said that, while it should be born in mind that an allegation does not necessarily mean wrongdoing, such cases should be taken very seriously.
“All complaints against the police are of course important,” they said.
“But policing puts people in positions of authority and responsibility, and that should never be abused.
“It is entirely correct that such matters are treated very seriously.”
Puerto Rico announced a historic restructuring of its public debt on Wednesday, touching off what may be the biggest bankruptcy ever in the $3.8 trillion U.S. municipal bond market.
While it was not immediately clear just how much of Puerto Rico's $70 billion of debt would be included in the bankruptcy filing, the case is sure to dwarf Detroit's insolvency in 2013.
The move comes a day after several major creditors sued Puerto Rico over defaults its bonds.
Bankruptcy may not immediately change the day-to-day lives of Puerto Rico's people, 45 percent of whom live in poverty, but it may lead to future cuts in pensions and worker benefits, and possibly a reduction in health and education services.
The island's economy has been in recession for nearly 10 years, with an unemployment rate of about 11.0 percent, and the population has fallen by about 10 percent in the past decade.
The bankruptcy process will also give Puerto Rico the legal ability to impose drastic discounts on creditor recoveries, but could also spook investors and prolong the island's lack of access to debt markets.
BANKRUPTCY UNDER PROMESA LAW
The debt restructuring petition was filed by Puerto Rico's financial oversight board in the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico on Wednesday, and was made under Title III of last year's U.S. Congressional rescue law known as PROMESA.
The Title III provision allows for a court debt restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy protection. Puerto Rico is barred from a traditional municipal bankruptcy protection under Chapter 9 of the U.S. code.
The filing includes only Puerto Rico's central government, which owes some $18 billion in debt backed by the island's constitution.
On paper, it does not include $17 billion of sales tax-backed debt, known as COFINA debt, or debt from other agencies.
But those debts are likely to be pulled into the bankruptcy, or included in separate bankruptcy proceedings in coming days, Elias Sanchez, an adviser to Governor Ricardo Rossello, told Reuters on Wednesday.
Puerto Rico's massive pension debts will also likely get restructured in the bankruptcy.
"Title III was especially compelled by the commonwealth's need to restructure $49 billion of pension liabilities," the oversight board said in Wednesday's filing.
BIGGER BANKRUPTCY THAN DETROIT
The previous largest U.S. public bankruptcy, Detroit's in 2013, covered some $18 billion in debt. The city was able to reach an agreed debt restructuring with stakeholders, in part by soliciting huge contributions from philanthropic foundations so it did not need to sell the city's art collection.
But "unlike Detroit, there isn't billions of unencumbered artwork to fund a restructuring" in Puerto Rico, said David Tawil, whose fund, Maglan Capital, held Puerto Rico general obligation debt but has since sold it.
The legal proceeding does not mean negotiations toward a compromise must stop, Governor Rossello said in a statement on Wednesday.
"It is my hope that the Government's Title III proceedings will accelerate the negotiation process," the governor said in the statement.
Rossello's fiscal plan for the island, approved by the oversight board in March, forecasts Puerto Rico having only $800 million a year to pay debt, less than a quarter of what it owes. The low figure alienated creditors and negotiations toward an out-of-court restructuring foundered.
Andrew Rosenberg, a lawyer for the general obligation bondholders, criticized the Title III filing, saying in a statement a consensual deal could have been reached.
"Just as a deal was within reach [on Tuesday], we understand that the oversight board intervened to block it," Rosenberg said in a statement. "For months, the oversight board has made every effort to sabotage consensual negotiations."
Francisco Cimadevilla, a spokesperson for the board, denied the allegation, saying in an interview, "I can understand that might be a narrative on the other side, but it's just not the case."
Conversely, Susheel Kirpalani, a lawyer for COFINA bondholders, called bankruptcy "sound public policy," saying in a statement it "enables Puerto Rico to freeze numerous lawsuits" and "maintain essential services."
Analysts and experts agreed the case is likely to take time.
"It will be an orderly process that should be better for creditors in the aggregate than a chaotic and uncertain period involving proliferating lawsuits," said Moody's Investor Services analyst Ted Hampton.
Some expect creditors to challenge the filing, arguing the board did not meet requirements under PROMESA to conduct good faith negotiations out of court.
"We would agree there is a case to be made here," said Keefe Bruyette & Woods analyst Chas Tyson, who follows Puerto Rico.
(Additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel)
March 30 Mercuries & Associates Holding Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.7 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 0.7 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/MhAFq4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The Yaris might be launched on April 24, 2018, say Toyota dealership sources
Unofficial Bookings of the Yaris are already underway. Toyota dealers in Delhi have started accepting bookings for the upcoming sedan for an amount of Rs 50,000, which is fully refundable. Toyota Yaris is expected to launch in India by the last week of April, while the deliveries are likely to get underway from May 2018. The c-segment sedan from Toyota will rival likes of the Honda City, Hyundai Verna, Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, Skoda Rapid and the Volkswagen Vento.
The Toyota Yaris will be available with only a petrol engine as of now but with an option of both manual (6-speed) and automatic transmissions (7-speed CVT). The engine in question is a 1.5-litre unit and we believe it's the same engine that powers the Etios sedan, albeit with dual VVT-i technology. It is expected to deliver more power than what it does on the Etios (90PS) and is also upgradable to BSVI standards.
Toyota intends to pitch the Yaris as a premium offering in its segment and has already announced that it will include features like a tyre pressure monitoring system, front and rear parking sensors with reverse parking camera, disc brakes on all wheels, and powered driver's seat. None of these features are available on other cars in this segment. While Toyota has already confirmed that 7 airbags, ABS and EBD will be standard, its official India website mentions that vehicle stability control, traction control, and hill start assist will also form a part of the features list. Besides this, the Yaris will also be offered with roof-mounted AC vents with ambient lighting, cruise control, paddle shifters behind the steering wheel for changing gears, and rain-sensing wipers. Toyota displayed two variants of the Yaris at the Auto Expo - V and VX. There's no official word whether there will be more variants on offer or not.
The Yaris is expected to be as wide and tall as the new Hyundai Verna but not as long. Read more about it here.
Prospective buyers should note that Toyota has officially mentioned on its website that bookings for the Yaris will start in the month of April 2018 and chances are that you may have already read our previous report on that. Dealerships generally start accepting bookings prior to the official announcement. As long as you have the original dealer's receipt with the correct booking details, the booking is valid. So if you're planning to buy the Yaris and wish to get the keys to the first set of cars that hit the road, go ahead and book one. We expect the Yaris to be priced in the Rs 9 lakh to Rs 14 lakh bracket.
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
A host of regional venues across the Province are set to host a new tour by Belfast contemporary dance company, Maiden Voyage. The piece is entitled Pause and Effect and it explores themes of friendship, competition and communication. The show has been billed as a ‘clever blend of playful humour, playground antics and precisely timed sophisticated dance', and will see the performers create a whirlwind of lively action and sound, with only an occasional pause. Accompanied by music created by renowned artist Willie Drennan, father of choreographer Eleesha Drennan, the music draws from folk tunes and the rhythmical sounds of traditional instruments.
Nine performances of Pause and Effect will be held at Belfast venue the MAC, the Island Arts Centre, Lisburn, the Marketplace Theatre, Armagh, and Theatre at the Mill, Newtownabbey.
Maiden Voyage artistic director Nicola Curry commented: “This exciting performance is full of excitement and charm. Inspired by the spontaneity of a child's creative play, the combination of imaginative movement and live music is exhilarating.”
Gilly Campbell, the Arts Council of Northern Ireland's arts development officer for drama and dance, added: “Maiden Voyage has built a reputation of excellence for the quality and distinctiveness of both its dance programme and delivery, and is viewed as a dance sector leader both within and beyond Northern Ireland.”
Pause and Effect will run at The MAC, tonight (Friday) and tomorrow (Saturday), the Island Arts Centre, on October 11; the Market Place Theatre, on October 17, and the Theatre at the Mill, on October 19.
At first, Wesal Daher thought the bumps on their face were just blemishes. They would apply cream to their forehead and cheeks every day, but the bumps continued to grow, becoming large lesions. Daher didn't know what to do. “At first they were small like this,” they say, pointing to some bumps that their 10-month-old son, Khaled, has on their leg.
When they arrived in Lebanon last year, after escaping from their village near Raqqa in neighbouring Syria, a fellow refugee told them they had something called Aleppo boil and that they needed to go to a clinic.
First reported in the northern Syrian city in 1745, Aleppo boil, also known as Aleppo ulcer or cutaneous leishmaniasis, is a parasitic disease that causes disfiguring skin lesions, often on the face and hands. It is not spread by skin-to-skin contact, but rather by sandflies, one-third the size of a mosquito, that bite a lesion on an infected person and become a host for the leishmania parasite. When the infected fly bites another person, the parasite is transmitted.
The disease is not unique to Syria, but since the start of the country's civil war in 2011 it has re-emerged there as a significant threat to public health.
Refugee patients at a clinic in Tripoli, northern Lebanon, being treated for cutaneous leishmaniasis © Bryan Denton
“Syria, in particular the region of Aleppo, has always been endemic of cutaneous leishmaniasis — and we are talking about centuries ago,” says Dr Alvaro Acosta-Serrano, a senior lecturer at Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine in the UK. “Before 2011, Syria already had thousands of cases a year. But it was controllable.” Acosta-Serrano and their team are now researching how the war has helped the disease to spread.
The conflict has created the perfect conditions for an outbreak. As the violence intensified, Acosta-Serrano says, efforts to control the disease were abandoned. The health system became increasingly strained as medical facilities were bombed and people fled. Those doctors and nurses who remained were overwhelmed by treating casualties of war.
In many areas, infrastructure was also badly damaged. Puddles of water and piles of rubbish built up, providing ideal conditions for sandflies to lay their eggs. It is not the first time conflict has helped spread the disease; wars in Iraq in the 1990s and 2000s had helped foster similar outbreaks that spread among foreign troops.
Acosta-Serrano's team estimates conservatively that last year there were 70,000 cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis in northern Syria alone. They say that number would have been much higher were it not for the work of organisations such as the Mentor Initiative, which provides disease control, and the Syria Relief Network, a group of humanitarian organisations working inside Syria and neighbouring countries. They have set up clinics to treat people in affected areas.
What is really needed is a safe, affordable, available vaccine
Millions of Syrians have fled their homes since the start of the conflict, some taking shelter in refugee camps in the country and millions of others seeking asylum in Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon. But the camps offered no escape from the sandflies and the disease began to spread. “You have to think of a refugee camp with almost two million people,” says Acosta-Serrano. “They are the size of a city [but with no] infrastructure.” (He puts the number of cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis among refugees in Turkey in the tens of thousands.)
Daher now comes to the clinic in Tripoli, northern Lebanon, twice a week, where a nurse fills a syringe with Glucantime (meglumine antimoniate), a drug introduced in the 1940s to treat leishmaniasis, and injects it under the lesions on their forehead. Both their sons are infected, too. They say when they left their village in Syria last year, they knew just one other woman who had similar symptoms. “But I talk to my family now and they say many people have it there,” they say.
Dr Dima El Safadi, an assistant professor in the faculty of public health at Lebanese University in Beirut, works with Acosta-Serrano collecting information from the clinic in Tripoli where Daher is treated. The number of cases in Lebanon peaked in 2014, Safadi says, because of the number of Syrians coming into the country. More than 1,300 cases were reported that year, according to the World Health Organization.
Lebanon's ministry of public health began providing treatment in late 2014 at the subsidised rate $2 per person, in conjunction with the use of insecticides to eradicate the sandflies. Almost all cases reported in Lebanon have been in Syrians and the number has fallen to a few dozen new cases so far this year. However, this reduction is not solely a result of the government campaign, Safadi says, but also the increasingly tight border controls between Syria and Lebanon.
They sift through the files of their Syrian patients, listing where the new cases have come from — Hama, Idlib, Raqqa, Tartus and Aleppo. But, they say, so far there has been little evidence of transmission inside Lebanon. “The sandfly is present here, and the host patient is present here [but] I don't understand why the life cycle is not present,” they say.
Safadi's patients, however, are helping to provide a clearer picture of what is happening inside Syria. “I think now there is an outbreak in Idlib,” says Safadi. “There are 10 or 15 patients from Idlib and, when asked how many people from their family are infected, they tell you all [of them] — or at least two or three. It's dangerous.”
Neshma El Murr came from Idlib seven months ago. They say all of their 10 children were infected. They received treatment for months but they and two of their daughters have not recovered. One daughter, aged 14, has kidney problems caused by Glucantime. “It's toxic and painful,” says Safadi of the Glucantime treatment. “But it's the only one.”
Glucantime, the first-line treatment for cutaneous leishmaniasis © Bryan Denton
Research into treatments and vaccines for cutaneous leishmaniasis has been limited. One reason is that the disfiguring disease is not fatal, making it less of a priority for infectious diseases researchers. “Obviously it's a disease of poverty, so it's not that great for a pharmaceutical [company] to produce it,” says Acosta-Serrano. “It's not a disease that normally affects the first world.” What is really needed, they say, is a safe, affordable, available vaccine. “You can't control the insect population everywhere,” they say. “But you [could] vaccinate people in endemic areas, and that may have an impact.” In the meantime, controlling the sandfly population and providing treatment to infected people should reduce the current epidemics.
An experimental vaccine is being developed in the US, by Texas Children's Hospital and Baylor College of Medicine, both located in Houston, in co-ordination with the US National Institutes of Health. Researchers say progress has been hampered by a lack of funding.
Meanwhile, some people try to self-vaccinate, using a procedure as known as leishmanisation, which has been practised for centuries. It involves taking a piece of scab from a sore of an infected person and infecting a healthy person in a discreet part of the body, such as a leg. But this process is dangerous — it can lead to leishmaniasis or a bacterial infection — and is not always effective.
For those already infected, it can take months, or even years, for the lesions to heal fully. “All the people in the village were talking about my children — that they have this disease,” says Murr. Both Safadi and Acosta-Serrano emphasise the social stigma associated with the disease. Those infected become isolated, says Safadi, adding that people often avoid socialising or doing business with sufferers, in the belief that they could catch the disease, in turn damaging patients' livelihoods.
It can be particularly hard for young women who hope to marry. If the lesions take a long time to heal, their faces may be permanently disfigured. “My oldest daughter still has a big mark on their forehead,” says Murr. “Of course, [people] look at them strangely.”
 They are concerned about their children who remain in Idlib, while they work in Lebanon to raise money. But the disease is not their main concern. “I'm more worried about the warplanes and the bombing,” they say.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends a discussion about the Report of the State Comptroller for Operation Protective Edge at the Knesset, the Israeli parliament, in Jerusalem April 19, 2017 REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday defended their foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel, whose meeting with a group critical of Israel's treatment of Palestinians prompted Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to cancel talks.
Netanyahu said in an interview with a German newspaper they had tried to telephone Gabriel to clear the air after cancelling the talks but the visiting German foreign minister would not take their call.
Asked if Gabriel had their backing, Merkel told the RND newspaper group: "Yes, they have that. We were in close contact during their visit to Israel."
Netanyahu cancelled talks with Gabriel on Tuesday after the minister met members of "Breaking the Silence," an Israeli organisation often criticised by the Israeli government over its collection of testimonies from Israeli veterans about the army's treatment of Palestinians in the West Bank.
Merkel said they often meet civil society groups during their foreign travels, adding the dispute "changes nothing in our conviction that support for the state of Israel is part of our raison d'etat."
The dispute threatens to widen a rift between Israel and Germany over Jewish settlement building in the Israeli-occupied West Bank by Netanyahu's right-wing government.
Netanyahu, who is also Israel's foreign minister, said they had tried to patch things up with Gabriel, telling German mass-selling daily Bild on Friday: "I wanted to telephone Foreign Minister Gabriel to explain my position and to clear things up, but they would not take the call."
"I hope Gabriel meets me on their next trip to Israel rather than a radical fringe group that undermines Israel's security," they said.
"It seems Mr. Netanyahu is under big pressure over what they have done," Gabriel said on Friday in Valletta. "This is why they are appearing in German newspapers."
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Martin Schaefer said Israeli officials had wanted Gabriel to meet representatives of Jewish West Bank settlers as a condition for the phone conversation, something the German side could not accept.
"I do not welcome diplomats from other countries who visit Israel and meet organisations that call our soldiers war criminals. That is the reason why the meeting did not take place," Netanyahu told Bild.
They added that relations between Israel and Germany were "extraordinarily strong" and that Israelis were thankful for Germany's help in maintaining Israel's security.
Germany regards itself as one of Israel's closest allies and the cooperation and trade links are extensive. However, the legacy of the Nazi-era Holocaust, in which six million Jews were killed during World War Two, means relations are highly charged.
In March, Germany cancelled an annual meeting of German and Israeli leaders planned for May amid rising frustration in Berlin with settlement activity in the West Bank.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke and Hans-Edzard Busemann in Berlin and Tom Koerkemeier in Valletta; Writing by Paul Carrel and Joseph Nasr; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 19 General Motors Venezolana :
* Announces immediate cessation of operations in venezuela
* Will pay separation benefits to the workers according to Venezuelan law
* Says will continue to provide aftermarket service and parts for its customers in the Venezuelan market
* Strongly rejects arbitrary measures taken by authorities, will vigorously take all legal actions, within and outside of Venezuela, to defend its rights Further company coverage:
* US dollar index hits three-week high in Asian trade before easing * Concerns over N. Korea and Middle East underpin gold * Fed Chair Janet Yellen strikes cautious note * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Adds comments, milestones, silver market moves, updates prices, adds NEW YORK dateline) By Devika Krishna Kumar and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, April 10 Gold prices ended little changed on Monday as expectations that the Federal Reserve will press ahead with interest rate rises offset concerns over political tensions in North Korea and the Middle East. Late in the session, prices were supported after Fed Chair Janet Yellen struck a cautious note, saying it would be appropriate to gradually raise rates if the economy continued to perform strongly. Spot gold was up 0.04 percent at $1,254.06 an ounce by 4:32 p.m. EDT (2032 GMT), while U.S. gold futures for June delivery settled 0.3 percent lower at $1,253.90. On Friday, the metal rose above $1,270 on Friday for the first time since early November following much weaker than expected U.S. jobs data, and after the United States launched a missile strike on a Syrian air base. Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. "Given light market positioning there is scope for safe-haven flows; however, complacency suggests prices are more likely to range-trade in the near term," Standard Chartered said in a note. "Gold is caught between rising tensions that could stoke safe-haven flows, and the market looking through the geopolitical risks to the next U.S. rate hike given the tight correlations." After rallying for a fourth month though gold is trading just above its 200 day moving average. "There appears to have been some profit taking after that move above the 200-day moving average on Friday," Mitsubishi analyst Jonathan Butler said. "Friday's U.S. unemployment reading, which fell to a 10-year low, would appear to confirm that the United States is approaching full employment," they said. "This has increased the probability of a June rate rise... (and) clearly weighed on gold." The U.S. dollar fell on Monday as Treasury Yields dipped after starting the week near three-week highs against major currencies in the wake of a Federal Reserve official reinforcing the U.S. central bank's commitment to continue raising interest rates. By the afternoon in New York, U.S. Treasury yields pared an earlier drop, prompted by soft demand at a $24 billion auction of three-year notes , the first part of this week's $56 billion coupon-bearing government debt supply. Expectations that the pace of U.S. interest rate increases will pick up this year, lifting the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, have proved a major drag on gold. The euro also came under pressure from worries over the tightening race for the French presidency. The wider financial markets took on a more cautious tone on Monday, with trading volumes muted by political tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula. In other precious markets, silver prices slipped after the LBMA silver price benchmark auction was paused for 17 minutes after a circuit breaker was triggered when the auction price moved outside of the spot range, the CME said. Silver was down 0.2 percent at $17.93 an ounce, having hit its highest since Feb. 27 at $18.47 on Friday. Platinum was 1.2 percent lower at $939.9, while palladium was down 1.6 percent at $788.20. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Goodman and Susan Thomas)
BEIJING Ford Motor Co (F.N) said on Thursday that its China vehicle sales fell by 21 percent in the first quarter compared with a year ago, after a tax cut on small-engined vehicles was rolled back.
Ford trailed many of its competitors in China in the first quarter with Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T) and others disclosing sales increases and the automakers' association reporting a 7 percent rise for overall sales.
Many in the industry had feared that consumers rushing to buy small-engine cars before a tax increase at the end of 2016 would lead to weaker sales in the first few months of 2017.
Roughly 70-75 percent of Ford cars sold in China qualified for the tax cut, which applies to vehicles with engine capacity of 1.6 liters or below, Ford Chief Executive Mark Fields told reporters in Shanghai on Saturday ahead of the release of Ford's March figures.
"We've always planned for the fact that (in) the first quarter there would be payback from the pull forward of sales into the fourth quarter (before the incentive was reduced)," Fields said, adding that sales would improve for the rest of the year.
Ford's March sales fell 21 percent year-on-year to 90,457.
The purchase tax for small-engined cars climbed to 7.5 percent this year from 5 percent in 2016 after the government stepped in to stimulate slumping sales. The tax will rise to the normal 10 percent rate next year.
Ford said in a written statement that its sales of vehicles that do not benefit from the purchase tax incentive rose by double digits.
(Reporting by Jake Spring; Editing by Stephen Coates)
JOHANNESBURG, April 6 South African banks are adequately capitalised to deal with effects of a sub-investment credit rating, the central bank said on Thursday, after S&P downgraded several major financial institutions to junk status.
"The resilience of the banks stems from the high capital buffers that prevail in the South African banking system," the bank said in a statement.
"Overall, the South African financial system remains healthy, robust and resilient despite some headwinds caused by elevated levels of domestic economic, financial and political events, as well as global financial market volatility." (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia)
Supasundae proved too strong for Faugheen as they won the BHP Insurance Irish Champion Hurdle at Leopardstown.
The Willie Mullins-trained Faugheen had plenty to prove following their Christmas eclipse at this track and for a long way it looked as though they might return to form in a blaze of glory in the Grade One feature.
However, after being closely tracked by the Jessica Harrington-trained winner throughout, Faugheen ultimately had no answer as Robbie Power kicked after the last and Supasundae (8-1) powered home to get the better of the 9-10 favourite.
Mick Jazz was third.
Favourite-backers would have been feeling fairly comfortable through the early stages, as Faugheen assumed control from the off under Paul Townend, with Power settling Supasundae on their heels.
Faugheen turned in fine round of hurdling, but their every stride was matched by the winner and as the market leader rapped the top of the final flight ever so slightly, Supasundae was perfectly poised to take full advantage.
As they surged on, Townend asked Faugheen for something extra, but Mullins' charge had no response, eventually being beaten two and a quarter length.
Faugheen's reverse saw William Hill cut Buveur D'Air, who won at Sandown earlier in the afternoon, to 1-2 for the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham. Mullins' runner is now an 8-1 shot, while Supasundae is 4-1 for the Stayers' Hurdle at the Festival.
Power said: “We were looking for a race for them before Cheltenham — their plan is the Stayers' Hurdle — and we had a conversation at home in the office and decided to come here.
“We thought it might sharpen them up a little bit as they are quite lazy and hopefully it has worked because they have never jumped as well in their life. They were so slick and was actually getting upsides Faugheen at every hurdle and was fantastic.
“He has been in fantastic form of late and will definitely go for the Stayers' Hurdle — he's by Galileo and the drier the ground, the better (at Cheltenham).”
Harrington said: “He's never jumped as well before, they jumped absolutely super and was always travelling. I thought they'd go too quick for them over two miles and Robert was sure when they had Faugheen in their sights at the last they would stay every inch of the way, and they did.
“When they got to the front they were only pricking their ears and galloping away. I came here to give them a prep run for the three-mile hurdle at Cheltenham and to win this is some prep run!”
They went on: “He's only in the three-mile hurdle at Cheltenham so that's where he'll be going.  They are a much better horse on better ground, they do not like slogging around in very muddy ground and that's why they come into their own in the spring.
“When they won their bumper, they beat Yanworth and I think they started favourite for the Cheltenham bumper and they are by Galileo so somewhere in there is a turn of foot.”
Supasundae runs in the colours of the late Ann and Alan Potts, and Harrington said: “It's really sad that neither Ann nor Alan are here to see the fruits of what they started, particularly as the horse is starting to fulfil their true potential and it's just so sad that neither of them are here.
“I hope their family are delighted with that and I hope their family will carry on having the horses.”
RaceBets cut Supasundae to 7-2 from 6-1 for the Stayers' Hurdle.
Faugheen's owner Rich Ricci admitted before the race their horse had questions to answer, but felt they had learned nothing new in defeat.
They said: “Faugheen is 10, after all. They ran well, just didn't win, whatever the reason I don't know. They were better than the last day — but no real answers.”
Mullins was more forthright and labelled the effort “disappointing”.
They said: “I was disappointed with him. He's sort of half back on track, but he'll have to improve a lot to be back where they are.”
Townend said: “He was better (than at Christmas), but he's not quite there yet. They didn't feel back to their Punchestown (Morgiana Hurdle) run for me there, either, but as I said, it was better but we're not there yet.”
Mick Jazz's trainer Gordon Elliott was thrilled by the performance of their charge and is now planning to head to Cheltenham before casting their net further afield.
They said: “I'm absolutely delighted with that, couldn't be happier. He'll go for the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham and then the American Grand National.”
Faugheen's stablemate Melon could finish only fifth and jockey David Mullins said: “I don't know what to make of that run really.”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global OMEGA-6 Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the OMEGA-6 market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Arista Industries, Copeinca ASA, Croda International, Denomega Nutritional Oils, Martek Biosciences Corporation, Barleans Organic Oils, Barleans Organic Oils, Pharma Marine USA, Vega Nutritionals, Zymes. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this OMEGA-6 Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-omega-6-market/10354/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global OMEGA-6 market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the OMEGA-6 market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The OMEGA-6 Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of OMEGA-6. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of OMEGA-6 in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : From Sunflower Oil, From Soybean Oil, From Sesame Oil, From Rapeseed Oil, From Palm Oil, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Dietary Supplements, Functional Foods & Beverages, Pharmaceuticals, Animal Feeds, Others.
Key Highlights Of The OMEGA-6 Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-omega-6-market/10354/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes OMEGA-6 new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international OMEGA-6 market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The OMEGA-6 industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Artis Real Estate Investment Trust :
* ARTIS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST ANNOUNCES $200 MILLION OFFERING OF 2-YEAR SERIES B FLOATING RATE SENIOR UNSECURED DEBENTURES
* ARTIS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST SAYS SERIES B DEBENTURES ARE PRICED AT $100 PER $100 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 28 Jiangsu Huaxicun Co., Ltd.:
* Says it plans to raise 14.9 percent stake in Shenzhen-based securities firm, up from 0 percent
* Says the total investment at 1.25 billion yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/0vPVvy
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NEW YORK (AP) — A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Advertisement
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
(Adds additional source, stock prices, background)
OTTAWA, April 10 The Canadian government will introduce legislation this week to legalize marijuana for recreational use, sources familiar with the matter said on Monday, providing a road map that will be closely watched by companies seeking to capitalize on the emerging market.
The Liberal government made legalizing recreational marijuana part of its successful 2015 election campaign and had said it would introduce legislation this spring. Authorities have been battling a rise in illegal dispensaries, particularly in Ontario and British Columbia.
The legislation will be introduced on Thursday, according to one source. A second source said it would come this week. They declined to be identified, citing the sensitivity of the situation.
Spokesmen for the justice and health ministers declined to comment.
Shares of marijuana producers rose after the news was widely reported.
Canopy Growth Co was up 2.2 percent at C$10.44 for a gain of more than 14 percent so far this year. Aphria Inc rose 5.9 percent to C$8.38, and Organigram Holdings jumped 11.7 percent to C$3.45.
Although some U.S. states have legalized recreational marijuana use, including Colorado and Washington, Canada was on track to be the first Group of Seven country to legalize it nationally.
Medical marijuana is already legal in Canada through a mail order system that requires a prescription. Deloitte has estimated that annual sales of recreational marijuana could be as high as C$8.7 billion ($6.52 billion).
The Globe and Mail newspaper reported that the legislation is expected to control the ability of producers to market their products.
An official panel recommended late last year that the government require plain packaging, and that provinces be allowed to decide how cannabis is sold. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawai‘i Electric Light reports that about 2,000 customers in North Kohala experienced a power outage last night. The outage occurred at 7:44 p.m. and service was restored at 9:58 p.m. The area was experiencing strong winds at the time the outage occurred.
Hawai‘i Electric Light thanks the North Kohala community for its patience and understanding while crews worked to safely restore service to the area.
Outage information is posted on the company's Twitter account @HIElectricLight with the hashtag #BigIslandOutage. To report a power outage or downed line, customers may call the company's Trouble Desk at 969-6666.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
ANKARA/ISTANBUL Less than three weeks before Turkey votes on sweeping new powers sought by President Tayyip Erdoğan, opinion polls suggest a tight race in a referendum that could bring the biggest change to the system of governance in the country's modern history.
Two senior officials from the ruling AK Party told Reuters that research it commissioned had put support for "yes" at 52 percent in early March, down from 55-56 percent a month earlier, though they expected a row with Europe in recent weeks to have fired up nationalists and bolstered their camp.
Turks will vote on April 16 on constitutional changes which would replace their parliamentary system with an executive presidency, a change Erdoğan says is needed to avoid the fragile coalition governments of the past and to give Turkey stability as it faces numerous security challenges.
Publicly-available polls paint a mixed picture in a race that has sharply divided the country, with Erdoğan's faithful seeing a chance to cement their place as modern Turkey's most important leader, and their opponents fearing one-man rule.
A survey on Wednesday by pollster ORC, seen as close to the government, put "yes" on 55.4 percent in research carried out between March 24-27 across almost half of Turkey's 81 provinces.
By contrast, Murat Gezici, whose Gezici polling company tends to show stronger support for the opposition, told Reuters none of the 16 polls their firm had carried out over the past eight months had put the "yes" vote ahead. They expected a "no" victory of between 51-53 percent, based on their latest numbers.
None of the polls suggest the 60 percent level of support which officials in Ankara say Erdoğan wants.
"Right now we have not seen a result in our polls that did not show the 'yes' vote ahead. But we want the constitutional reform to be approved with a high percentage for wider social consensus," said AKP spokesperson Yasin Aktay.
The wide disparity of the poll results is partly due to the political sympathies of Turkey's polling companies.
But it also reflects a sense that a section of the public remains undecided, including some AKP loyalists uncomfortable with too much power being concentrated in Erdoğan's hands.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim held a meeting last week with former AKP ministers and officials, seeking to shore up wider support for the "Yes" campaign.
But former prime minister Ahmet Davutoglu and former president Abdullah Gul, both high-profile members of the AKP who fell out with Erdoğan, did not show up and were also absent from the AKP's campaign launch in late February.
"NO EARLY ELECTION"
Erdoğan assumed the presidency, currently a largely ceremonial position, in 2014 after more than a decade as prime minister with the AKP, which they co-founded. Since then, pushing their powers to the limit, they have continued to dominate politics by dint of their personal popularity and forceful personality.
Critics accuse them of increasing authoritarianism with the arrests and dismissal of tens of thousands of judges, police, military officers, journalists and academics since a failed military coup in July.
With the constitutional overhaul, the president would be able to retain ties to a political party, potentially allowing Erdoğan to resume their leadership of the AKP, a move that opposition parties say would wreck any chance of impartiality.
Abdulkadir Selvi, a pro-government columnist in the Hurriyet newspaper, said the latest numbers presented to the AKP headquarters showed the lead for the "yes" campaign widening, boosted partly by Erdoğan's row with Europe.
Bans on some campaign rallies by Turkish officials in Germany and the Netherlands have prompted Erdoğan to accuse European leaders of "Nazi methods".
"The stance of the Netherlands and Germany is expected to motivate nationalist voters at home and abroad and add 1-1.5 percentage points to the 'yes' vote," Selvi wrote on Thursday.
The constitutional changes envisage presidential and parliamentary elections being held together in 2019, with a president eligible to then serve a maximum of two five-year terms. Those elections could be called early if Erdoğan wins the referendum, enabling them to assume full executive powers sooner.
But AKP officials said such a move was unlikely, citing concern that a slowing economy could weaken their parliamentary majority and pointing to voter fatigue after four elections in the past three years.
"Whether there is a 'Yes' or 'No' vote in the referendum, leaving this parliamentary majority to have another election does not make sense for us," a senior AKP official said.
(Additional reporting by Orhan Coskun in Ankara, Daren Butler in Istanbul; Writing by Nick Tattersall; Editing by Gareth Jones)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
ST. JOSEPH -- St. Joseph has been approved for a 2018 Minnesota Small Cities Development Program grant for $178,624.
The money comes from the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The program provides low to moderate income homeowners with assistance to finish repairs to their homes. Some highlights are 0% interest deferred, forgivable loan with a 7-year term. Some approved repairs are roofing, siding, window and door replacements and new furnaces.
To be eligible you'll have to own the home, meet income requirements and be located within a certain target area. Once St. Joseph completes the environmental review, a kickoff meeting will be scheduled. For questions contact Ed Zimny with the Central Minnesota Housing Partnership at ed@cmhp.net.
Map of the target area:
Firefighters in North Yorkshire had to remove wall panels as they tackled one of two reported log burner fires.
Crews from Stokesley and Coulby Newham were called to the village of Great Busby in Hambleton shortly after 6pm yesterday.
Reports had been received of smoke coming from the roof of a property in Busby Lane.
A spokesperson said: "Crews removed walled panels to expose the seat of the fire which was smouldering and dampened the fire down using a hose reel.
"Crews used a triple extension ladder, lighting, small tools and a Dewalt saw also."
Around 90 minutes later, crews from Harrogate were called to second report of a log burner on fire in High Street, Hampsthwaite.
The spokesperson said: "This turned out to be a collection of logs next to the log burner smouldering and not the log burner itself.
"Crews used a hose reel to dampen down the logs and used a thermal imaging camera to check for further hot spots."
A North Korean flag is seen on the top of its embassy in Beijing, China, February 7, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee
FILE PHOTO - The corner stone of The New York Federal Reserve Bank is seen surrounded by financial institutions in New York's financial district March 25, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Federal Reserve and New York City Police officers stand guard in front of the New York Federal Reserve Building in New York, October 17, 2012. REUTERS/Keith Bedford/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Commuters walk in front of the Bangladesh central bank building in Dhaka, Bangladesh, September 30, 2016. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain/File Photo
Cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab on Monday said it had obtained digital evidence that bolsters suspicions by some researchers that North Korea was involved in last year's $81 million (64.87 million pounds) cyber heist of the Bangladesh central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Russian-based Kaspersky released a 58-page report on Lazarus, a group linked to the heist in Bangladesh and the 2014 attack on Sony's Hollywood studio, which the U.S. government blamed on North Korea.
Among its findings, the report said Lazarus hackers made a direct connection from an IP address in North Korea to a server in Europe that was used to control systems infected by the group.
Kaspersky researcher Vitaly Kamluk told Reuters by telephone that the finding marked "the first time we have seen a direct connection" between North Korea and Lazarus, a hacking group whose activities dating back to 2009 have been documented by the world's biggest cybersecurity firms.
The North Korean government has denied allegations of hacking made by officials in Washington and South Korea as well as security firms.
Kamluk said they could not conclusively say that Pyongyang was behind the attacks because it was possible the hackers went to great effort to make it look like they were from North Korea, or that North Koreans were working with others.
Still, they said that North Korean involvement was the most likely explanation.
Separately last month, U.S. officials also cast suspicion on Pyongyang. An official briefed on the probe told Reuters in Washington that the FBI believed North Korea was responsible.
And Rick Ledgett, the deputy director of the National Security Agency, told reporters at an Aspen Institute event on March 15 that private sector research tying North Korea to the Bangladesh bank heist was strong.
"If that's true, then that says to me that the North Koreans are robbing banks," Ledgett said. "That's a big deal."
The Bangladesh Bank heist was one in a string of financially motivated cyberattacks by a division of Lazarus dubbed Bluenoroff, the Kaspersky report said. Targets included banks, financial and trading companies, casinos and digital currency businesses in at least 18 nations, the report said.
Adrian Nish, head of threat intelligence with cybersecurity firm BAE Systems PLC (BAES.L), said Kaspersky's findings were significant, even though they did not conclusively link Pyongyang to Lazarus.
"It is significant further evidence," said Nish, who led a team at BAE that in May 2016 was the first to link the Bangladesh heist and the Sony hack.
(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto; editing by Grant McCool)
LONDON Islamic State militants are developing their own social media platform to avoid security crackdowns on their communications and propaganda, the head of the European Union's police agency said on Wednesday.
Europol Director Rob Wainwright said the new online platform had been uncovered during a 48-hour operation against Internet extremism last week.
"Within that operation it was revealed IS was now developing its very own social media platform, its own part of the Internet to run its agenda," Wainwright told a security conference in London. "It does show that some members of Daesh (IS), at least, continue to innovate in this space."
During a Europol-coordinated crackdown on IS and al Qaeda material, which involved officials from the United States, Belgium, Greece, Poland, and Portugal, more than 2,000 extremist items were identified, hosted on 52 social media platforms.
Jihadists have often relied on mainstream social media platforms for online communications and to spread propaganda, with private channels on messaging app Telegram being especially popular over the past year.
Technology firms, such as Facebook and Google, have come under increasing political pressure to do more to tackle extremist material online and to make it harder for groups such as Islamic State to communicate through encrypted services to avoid detection by security services.
However, Wainwright said that IS, by creating its own service, was responding to concerted pressure from intelligence agencies, police forces and the tech sector, and were trying to found a way around it.
"We have certainly made it a lot harder for them to operate in this space but we're still seeing the publication of these awful videos, communications operating large scale across the Internet," they said, adding they did not know if it would be technically harder to take down IS's own platform.
Wainwright also said they believed that security cooperation between Britain and the EU would continue after Brexit, despite British warnings it is likely to leave Europol and cease sharing intelligence if it strikes no divorce deal with the bloc.
"The operational requirement is for that to be retained. If anything, "If anything we need to have an even more closely integrated pan-European response to security if you consider the way in which the threat is heading," they said.
Europe, they added, is facing "the highest terrorist threat for a generation".
However, Wainwright said there were important legal issues that would have to be thrashed out and it was not easy "to just cut and paste current arrangements".
"The legal issues have to be worked through and then they have to be worked through within of course the broader political context of the Article 50 negotiations (on Britain's planned exit from the EU)," they said.
"In the end I hope the grown-ups in the room will realise that ... security is one of the most important areas of the whole process. We need to get that right in the collective security interest of Europe as a whole, including of course the United Kingdom."
(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WEST Midlands Fire Service has been accused of ‘misleading the public' by claiming it is reaching life-threatening blazes in less than five minutes.
Official figures published by the Government state the cuts-hit brigade arrived at the most serious – Category 1 – fires in an average of 6.8 minutes.
West Midlands Fire Service claims staff attend life-threatening emergencies in an average of 4.42 minutes. But that is a figure that does not include the time it takes to receive and handle each 999 call.
On March 5, the service tweeted a picture of rows of fire engines and said: “Official statement: For the record we categorically deny that any of our fire engines use performance-enhancing drugs to get to you in just 5 minutes in an emergency. We do, however, pump them full of highly professional firefighters.”
Councillor John Edwards, chair of West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority, also tweeted about the 4.42 claims last summer. They wrote: “4:42s to life-threatening incidents still the best in the UK – and it matters. #4minutes42seconds #Survivability.”
They later reiterated the claim, tweeting: “We believe that is the fastest response time in the whole of the United Kingdom, which is something unique. The sooner we get to someone in danger, the more chance we have of rescuing them.”
WMFS Chief Officer Phil Loach has also re-tweeted messages from their austerity-hit fire service about the 4:42 claims.
But a Birmingham Mail investigation has not found official data to substantiate the 4.42 response claims.
Pete Goulden, West Midlands FBU Regional Secretary, said: “It's disturbing that the West Midlands Fire Service are claiming that they have one of the best response times in the UK Fire Service and they respond to Category 1 incidents on average under five minutes when the Government official statistics do not support this.
“Members of the public are being misled by the WMFS as they are omitting part of the response time – and it clearly takes longer than they are stating.”
West Midlands Fire Service answered Freedom of Information request from the Birmingham Mail, seeking a breakdown of times for Category 1 call handling, reaction and travel times.
Its own figures for 2017 show the average call handling time for the year was 78 seconds, while the average times for reaction and travel were 67 and 213 seconds respectively. That means the total average time for tackling Category 1 calls was 358 seconds – or five minutes and 58 seconds.
Yet the brigade is continuing to use its website and social media to state that 4.42 minutes is the average ‘response time to life risk' incidents.
Explaining the figure to staff in internal documentation, it has previously stated: “These numbers are generated starting from the time that a resource is assigned to an incident to the time the first resource books in attendance. The system that handles this data uses the Median time to work out the average times.
“This means all the incident times are put in a list from the lowest time to the highest time recorded, with the time in the middle used as the average.”
Official Government figures for West Midlands Fire Service are significantly higher.
In 2015/16 and 2016/17 the figure for responding to primary fires – the most serious incidents – was 6.8 minutes.
The time taken to reach dwelling fires was 6.4 minutes for both years.
In fact, official Government figures for 2016/17 showed both Cleveland and Greater London Fire Authority beat West Midlands in responding to primary fires, with Cleveland crews registering 6.4 minutess and Greater London 6.7 minutes.
The issue comes at a difficult time for West Midlands Fire Service. In the financial year 2016-17, rescues by firefighters in the region increased by 18 per cent on the previous year, according to the FBU. Yet the service will lose almost £10 million funding between 2016 and 2020 due to cuts – and now has 450 fewer firefighters than in 2010.
WHAT THE FIRE SERVICE SAID:
BEN BROCK, West Midlands Fire Service Area Commander, said: "WEST Midlands Fire Service is committed to getting to incidents where life or property is at risk in under five minutes.
"The attendance time of the first fire crew to arrive is one element of the response timeline.
"This runs from when we are alerted to an incident to when we are able to provide an assertive, safe and effective intervention.
"Following our research with academics and doctors, we have developed this response timeline to reflect a person's chance of survival at an incident.
"The faster we are, the better their chances. To ensure we can achieve the best attendance times possible, we split our performance into distinct stages.
"This lets us monitor and refine each of them, with the ultimate aim of responding as soon as possible. We have seen a reduction of 7.4% in our attendance times since 2013, which means we are getting to our most serious incidents faster than ever before to give the best chance of survival.
"In setting our five-minute attendance standard we continually monitor and evaluate risks throughout the West Midlands.
"Our attendance time is calculated from the moment our resources are mobilised until they alert our Fire Control that they are in attendance at an incident.
"We present our data in a clear, transparent and consistent way, based on advice from the Office for National Statistics.
"We are transparent about how we determine risk, and our activities to mitigate it. Members of the communities we serve can visit our website and enter their postcode to see how we are performing in their area.
"The response times published by the Government include the time it takes to receive and handle a 999 call. We closely monitor how we gather information from callers, which presents many variables such as lack of detail or communication barriers.
"We monitor and seek to improve on all of the component parts of our response timeline with staff from across the service, to ensure the best response possible.
"Through our business protection and community fire prevention activities, we constantly work to mitigate risk and increase safety throughout all stages of our response.
"We are proud of our staff's daily efforts to make our communities safer, stronger and healthier.
"Our understanding of risk is key to this, and enables us to have the right people and resources in the right place at the right time.
HOW RESPONSE TIMES ARE REACHED:
West Midlands Fire Service has a range of incidents it attends with most broken down into Category 1 and Category 2.
CATEGORY 1 is ‘property and life risk'. WMFS has set a five-minute attendance time – there is no longer any national standard on this.
CATEGORY 2 is ‘secondary fires' such as bin and grass fires. WMFS has set a 20-minute attendance time, but again there is no national standard for this.
The West Midlands brigade is quoting an average response time of 4.42 minutes for attendance to Category 1 incidents.
But it does not specify exactly what it is defining as the response time.
Sources claim the accurate response time would include:
the time it takes fire control to answer a 999 call;
the time spent by fire control obtaining address of incident and details before mobilising fire engines;
the time spent by crews getting to the fire engine;
the time spent travelling to the incident scene.
The Government publishes the response times for all fire services after being given them by the fire services themselves.
Those guidelines define the response time as measuring “the minutes and part-minutes taken from time of call to time of arrival at the scene of the first vehicle”.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
MOSCOW, April 12 Russia will veto a draft U.N. resolution being pushed by the United States, Britain and France which aims to bolster support for international inquiries into a deadly toxic gas attack in Syria, the Interfax news agency reported on Wednesday.
The U.N. Security Council could vote on the draft resolution later on Wednesday. It is similar to a text circulated to the 15-member council last week that condemns the April 4 attack and pushes Syria's government to cooperate with investigators.
Interfax cited Russian deputy foreign minister Gennady Gatilov as saying Russia would veto it in its current form. (Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Residential Land Shovel ready 14 lot subdivision development here to be sold now. With ... $569,000
Shovel ready 14 lot subdivision development here to be sold now. With stage 1 already completed, stage 2 being 1 lot into 14 lots has no expiry on the development...
Projects exponential increase, plans to set up multiple manufacturing facilities to meet demand
Hero Electric is banking high on the future of electric two-wheelers in India. The company currently has a major presence in the electric two-wheeler market, with projected sales of more than 25,000 units this year as compared to 15,000 units last year. With the recent government push towards electric vehicles and ongoing growth in electric mobility technology, Hero Electric envisions a ten-time increase in sales. In fact, the company expects sales to grow three times over the next few years. Increasing exports will also be contributing to this number, considering Hero Electric's presence in 32 countries.
With the growing number of sales, Hero Electric will be ramping up its production to meet demands. Hero Electric has a manufacturing facility in Ludhiana with an annual production capacity of 50,000 vehicles.
Naveen Munjal, Managing Director of Hero Electric, told PTI that the company projects a ten-time increase in sales in the next five years. In order to keep up, it plans to set up multiple smaller facilities across India instead of one larger manufacturing factory. This move will provide Hero Electric access to different regional markets and also keep transportation costs down. Currently, plans are underway for a new manufacturing facility with an annual capacity of 50,000 units. Hero Electric intends to set up a plant in the southwest region, preferably near a port. This would make it easier to push export numbers as well.
The electric two-wheeler market is only set to increase henceforth. Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has been quite forthright in their opinion about fossil fuel vehicles and has, in their way, given auto manufacturers an ultimatum to move towards manufacturing electric and hybrid vehicles. Bajaj promises to do a Tesla in the Indian two-wheeler space with its ‘Urbanite' project. TVS has been working on an electric scooter based on the Jupiter, and it recently bought a stake in Ultraviolette Automotive, an electric startup. In fact, even Hero MotoCorp has invested in Aether Energy. With big players focussing on the electric two-wheeler scene, the future for electric bikes seems bright.
* QNB up on strong Q1 results, double-digit loan growth
* Saudi SABB up on in-line Q1 profit, positive spillover to peers
* Dubai Islamic Bank up again after positive Q1 results
* Abu Dhabi's Union National Bank jumps on Q1 earnings beat
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 12 Generally positive first-quarter results from Gulf banks helped lift financial stocks on Wednesday, while Saudi Arabia's third-largest telecoms operator jumped by its daily limit after reporting its first ever quarterly net profit.
Shares in Qatar National Bank, the largest lender by assets in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), rose 1 percent after it announced net profit of 3.2 billion riyals ($879 million) for the three months to March 31, up 12 percent from the prior year period and beating Arqaam Capital analysts' forecast of 3.0 billion riyals.
Loan growth was up 33 percent year on year to 536 billion riyals, while customer deposits rose by 34 percent to 541 billion riyals.
Its peers that trade on Doha's exchange were also strong, with Commercial Bank climbing 2.4 percent. The index gained 0.7 percent.
In Saudi Arabia, banking shares were also robust with all but one of the 12 lenders advancing. Confidence in the sector was lifted after Saudi British Bank reported earnings that were broadly in line with estimates. Its shares closed 2.3 percent higher.
The lender made a first quarter net profit of 1.04 billion riyals, down 9.3 percent from the year-ago period. SABB attributed the fall in net profit to higher operating expenses, but said it was partially offset by a 1.6 percent increase in operating income.
Shares in telecommunications operator Zain Saudi jumped 10 percent to 10.05 riyals in their opening minutes of trade after the company made its first ever quarterly net profit since listing in 2008, of 45 million Saudi riyals. That compared to a loss of 249.7 million in the prior-year period, and beat analysts' estimate of a loss of 104 million riyals.
Zain Saudi's sales rose 9 percent to 1.92 billion riyals. Analysts at NCB Capital attributed the surprisingly positive result to strong top-line growth, a record-high gross margin of 67.3 percent, and lower-than-expected depreciation and financing costs.
"We are currently Neutral on the stock with a price of 7.6 riyals. If we annualize the results of this quarter, the stock is trading at a price-to-equity of 31.2 times, significantly higher than the regional average of 16 times. Positive results, (the) tower sale are expected to continue to drive the stock going forward," NCB Capital said.
The positive mood spilled into the shares of its chief competitors, Saudi Telecom Co and Etihad Etisalat , with the former adding 1.8 percent and the latter jumping 7.1 percent.
Riyadh's index rose 0.9 percent in the highest daily traded volume in a month. But shares of the largest listed stock, Saudi Basic Industries fell 1.2 percent as they went ex-dividend on Wednesday.
Elsewhere, Dubai Islamic Bank extended its prior session gains to add 1.7 percent; on Tuesday the lender reported a 4 percent rise in first quarter results. The index on which it trades,, gained 0.2 percent on Wednesday.
In neighbouring Abu Dhabi, Union National Bank surged 6.4 percent after the company reported first quarter results that came ahead of analysts' expectations.
The lender made a net profit of 452 million dirhams ($123.06 million); three analysts polled by Reuters forecast a quarterly average profit of 443.62 million dirhams and this compares to a net profit of 450 million dirhams in the year earlier period.
UNB's loans and advances grew 8 percent from the first quarter 2016 and customer deposits rose by 5 percent.
The index, however, fell 0.2 percent.
In Egypt, the index fell 0.1 percent in very thin volume, as the majority of investors stayed clear of the market in light of heightened domestic political risk.
Egypt's parliament on Tuesday unanimously approved a three-month state of emergency, days after two church bombings killed at least 45 people.
Utility company El Sewedy Electric dropped 4.0 percent despite reporting a tripling in its full year 2016 net profit to 3.95 billion Egyptian pounds ($217.87 million). The floatation of the currency in November had a positive impact of 1.31 billion pounds, the company said.
El Sewedy's board also approved plans to convert some of its shares to Global Depository Receipts (GDR) and to establish two new companies; one to operate in real estate development and the other in insurance brokerage.
The company also seeks to reduce its capital by 5 million pounds to 2.18 billion pounds by writing off 5 million treasury shares.
WEDNESDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 0.9 percent to 7,099 points.
DUBAI
* The index added 0.2 percent to 3,541 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index declined 0.2 percent to 4,555 points.
QATAR
* The index climbed 0.7 percent to 10,489 points.
KUWAIT
* The index added 0.2 percent to 7,042 points.
EGYPT
* The index edged down 0.1 percent to 12,984 points.
OMAN
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 5,557 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index fell 0.4 percent to 1,357 points. ($1 = 3.6730 UAE dirham) ($1 = 18.1300 Egyptian pounds)
(Editing by Susan Fenton)
WASHINGTON/DALLAS (Reuters Breakingviews) - U.S. air-traffic control badly needs first-class treatment. Donald Trump's administration wants to privatize the organization that coordinates flights and manages often antiquated systems. The Federal Aviation Administration, currently in charge, has faced obstacles in trying to upgrade its 1940s-era technology, a project estimated to cost about $35 billion. Canada pioneered a self-funding, stakeholder-governed model. A similar approach could work for the more complex American system if carriers, politicians and the like can dump their baggage.
In most ATC operations across the United States, flight patterns are still organized on paper strips and passed by hand from one controller to another. The old-school radar used to mark planes with dots on screens can be off by as much as three miles.
There were nearly 40 million flight movements in the United States in 2015, according to the FAA. Of the much smaller number of commercial flights, over 80 percent arrive on time, according to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics, but that's still a lot of delays. Though the FAA is gradually upgrading its technology, almost a quarter of the late arrivals are attributed to air-traffic control – and that doesn't include late-arriving aircraft, some of which may be delayed by ATC, as well. Those advocating for a new system – including airlines as well as the administration – say that the GPS capabilities of cell phones are more sophisticated than the technology that organizes U.S. air traffic.
An overhaul has been proposed multiple times since the 1990s, but policy and funding have been at the mercy of a dysfunctional Congress. The FAA was partly shut down in 2011 because of political budget squabbles, and in 2013 more than 15,000 employees, including 3,000 safety inspectors, were temporarily put on leave. Right now, Washington will probably rely once more on short-term budget extensions, and without a longer-term deal something similar could happen again.
Trump has likened U.S. airport infrastructure to "a third-world country," while U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao said at the Milken Institute conference on Monday that action on air-traffic control was overdue. It's true that plenty of other nations have jumped ahead with ATC technology. Dozens have upgraded their systems in recent decades. The UK is the only one that now has air traffic managed for profit within a public-private partnership, a model dating back to 2001. Other countries such as Germany and Australia have adopted government-owned company models, though Australia is considering a shift to something more like Canada's private, non-profit structure. A key feature that differentiates all of them from the FAA is that all of them are self-funded.
In Canada, legislators worked with the airline industry and other stakeholders to put air-traffic control into a private corporation. Nav Canada, as it's called, started in 1996 with a $2.3 billion bank loan, overseen by a board made up of airlines, government representatives, unions and other stakeholders. Roughly 6,000 employees were plucked out of the public sector and moved into the corporation. Nav Canada has since shed 25 percent of those workers. The company is self-funded through user fees and bonds, and profit is plowed back into improving infrastructure and services. In 2016, Nav Canada reported revenue of C$1.4 billion ($1 billion) and net income of C$37 million.
The shift meant Nav Canada no longer had to rely on the government for funding, and the accompanying upgrades in technology and efficiency improved the ATC picture in several ways. Required distances between airplanes have been reduced, helping to relieve bottlenecks, according to Nav Canada. Routes have gotten shorter too, decreasing fuel usage. It develops software inhouse, which Nav Canada sells to other ATC operators.
The FAA has more than nine times Nav Canada's roster of air-traffic controllers and a much bigger budget, but Nav Canada is more productive. It clocks 1,900 flight hours per controller each year versus just above 1,800 hours for the FAA, according to the Civil Air Navigation Services Organization. The U.S. air network is bigger and more complicated than Canada's – Nav Canada handles about 12 million flight movements each year – but similar improvements ought to be there for the taking.
The problem is getting the various U.S. stakeholders to agree. Even airlines, all of which want improved technology, don't see eye-to-eye on how this should be achieved. Bill Shuster, who leads the U.S. House Transportation Committee, has proposed a similar structure to Canada's. Their initiative has fresh momentum thanks to the administration's backing. Some U.S. airlines like Southwest and American Airlines support Shuster's plan but Delta, for one, has publicly opposed it, preferring upgrades within the existing FAA framework.
One issue is cost. Delta argues that air travelers would end up covering ATC fees which could rise by 20 percent or more in a privatized system versus the existing system. Direct comparisons are hard to come by, but an Eno Center for Transportation study in February suggested the all-in cost in privatized markets is lower than the full U.S. tax burden for equivalent flights.
Another point of contention is the control of a new U.S. ATC system. Shuster's proposal last year – they are working on a new one – was for a 13-member board representing the government, air-traffic controllers, pilots, four airlines and others. One danger of this allocation would be an even greater concentration of airline-industry power with the largest U.S. carriers, which already have big market shares.
One way or another, tens of billions of dollars are needed to upgrade air-traffic control across the United States. Because the beneficiaries – air carriers and, ultimately, passengers – are easily identified, it's also a good candidate for a full or partial privatization that removes the funding burden from government and the political drag from air-traffic management. The benefits would far outweigh the costs of any compromises airlines, lawmakers, unions and everyone else involved might have to make.
* Feb factory output -1.5 pct y/y vs +0.55 pct in Reuters poll * Weaker production of autos, rubber, air-conditioners, petroleum * Feb capacity utilisation at 60.1 pct vs Jan's revised 60.67 pct BANGKOK, March 31 Thailand's industrial output declined for the first time in four months in February due to weaker production of autos, rubber, air-conditioners and petroleum products, suggesting a fragile economic recovery. The Industry Ministry said on Friday its manufacturing production index (MPI) in February dropped 1.5 percent from a year earlier. A Reuters poll had forecast a rise of 0.55 percent. In January, the index rose a revised 2.19 percent from a year earlier. Industrial goods accounted for 80 percent of total exports, which declined 2.8 percent in February from a year earlier after January's 8.8 percent rise, customs data showed. Exports, which account for about two-thirds of Thailand's economy, are traditionally a key driver of the country's growth. Capacity utilisation at factories was 60.10 in February, little changed from a revised 60.67 percent in January. The Bank of Thailand on Wednesday raised its economic growth forecast to 3.4 percent this year from 3.2 percent, with exports rising 2.2 percent. Southeast Asia's second-largest economy expanded 3.2 percent last year. Data from Thailand's Office of Industrial Economics, part of the Industry Ministry. (not seasonally adjusted) Month Feb Jan Dec Nov Oct Sept % change y/y -1.5 +2.19* +0.54 +3.88 -0.02 +1.13 % change m/m -0.91 +3.91** -3.61 +2.13 -0.89 +1.29 *Revised from +1.3 pct **Revised from +3.1 pct (Reporting by Satawasin Staporncharnchai; Writing by Orathai Sriring; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier and Sunil Nair)
March 29 Cenovus Energy Inc:
* Cenovus announces $3.0 billion bought-deal offering of common shares
* Cenovus Energy Inc - entered into a bought-deal financing agreement to sell 187.5 million common shares at a price of $16.00 per share
* Cenovus Energy Inc - if over-allotment option is exercised in full, gross proceeds from offering will be approximately $3.45 billion.
* Cenovus Energy - intends to use net proceeds from offering to finance portion of cash consideration payable by for purchase of assets from ConocoPhillips Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE - This Nov. 9, 2016, file photo shows state Rep. Zach Fansler during a House news conference in Anchorage, Alaska, after the 2016 general election. Alaska House leaders said Tuesday, Jan. 30, 2018, they had not heard from a first-year student lawmaker accused of hitting a woman even though the House speaker called for the member's resignation Saturday. The office of House Rules Chair Gabrielle LeDoux asked that Democratic Rep. Zach Fansler of Bethel turn in their office keys, and Fansler's staff was reassigned to LeDoux's office, according to House majority coalition press secretary Mike Mason. (AP Photo/Mark Thiessen, File)
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) – An Alaska lawmaker accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking last month is resigning.
Rep. Zach Fansler's resignation was announced on the House floor Friday.
Fansler, a Bethel Democrat, was under pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week, since the Juneau Empire reported that a woman had accused Fansler of hitting them shortly before the legislative session began.
House leaders had already reassigned Fansler's staff and asked that they turn in their office keys.
House Speaker Bryce Edgmon told reporters they had spoken with Fansler “at least a couple of times” this week and made clear the caucus continued to seek their resignation.
Edgmon says Fansler did good work as a legislator and it's been a difficult issue for Fansler, the caucus and Fansler's district.
People look at Hranice Abyss, which according to a team of Czech-Polish explorers is the world's deepest underwater cave, near Hranice, Czech Republic March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/David W Cerny
(This March 31 story, corrects paragraph 7 to say Cani dived to 180 metres, not 200 metres, adds Starnawski dive to 265 metres)
Czech divers are preparing to search the world's deepest underwater cave again to see if there is more to be discovered from its already record-breaking depths.
Last September researchers identified the flooded limestone cave, called Hranicka Propast and located 300km (186 miles) east of Prague, as the deepest of its kind when they reached 404 metres below Earth's surface.
Access to the underwater part of the cave is inside a gorge nestled within a forest.
Exploration was halted then because the cord of a submersible robot used for the expedition was not enough to reach the bottom of the cave, Michal Guba from the Czech Speleological Society said.
The mini-submarine then got tangled in its cords on its way up and it has remained in the water, diver David Cani said, adding it could be hopefully retrieved in April.
The cave, which has become tourist attraction, is not accessible during winter.
Cani went as deep as 180 metres, while fellow diver Krzysztof Starnawski reached a depth of 265 metres in a separate dive, according to Gupa, leaving the rest of the journey to a robot.
"It is dark, gloomy there, but I had a euphoric feeling when I got there," Cani said, referring to the complete darkness of the underwater cave.
"The rock (of the cave) goes 1.2 kilometres deep, (but) if we reach 500 metres, we will be happy too."
Until now, Italy's Pozzo del Merro was considered the world's deepest flooded cave at 392 metres.
(Reporting by Jiri Skacel; Writing by Robert Muller; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
 The Omak City Council heard May 21 from several property owners who complained about utility rate increases.
They were concerned about increases at multi-unit properties...
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
April 28 Kunming Sinobright Group Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to take over 51.31 percent stake in a Kunming-based tourism firm from co's wholly owned subsidiary
* Says co will directly own 60 pct stakes in the tourism firm after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/NpxPDN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Packaging Supplies By Mail Announced A Wonderful 10% Discount Offer on Online Purchases of Industrial Grade Tapes; Hurry Up… Limited Time Offer!
End
-- No more saving the tape now. Industries are damn happy as they can now secure their shipments without worrying much about the loss. We, the Packaging Supplies By Mail team recommend and support using industrial tapes luxuriously as they are one of the most safe and economical packaging materials available on the market. Industrial tapes are efficient for securing the loose ends of almost any packaging material – whether it is shipping mailers, packing cartons, boxes, or simple shipping envelopes. "We feel that packaging is not just adhering materials together, it means a lot more. It abides to the safety of products packed within and also contributes to professionalism and neatness while equalizing the costs to the retailers and also serves a variety of purposes. Our sincere efforts are to offer a convenient and easy way of delivering objects with minimal exposure to external damages," says Justin Billman, spokesperson at Packaging Supplies By Mail.Nearly 75% of the calendar year has passed and it is time to settle down the yearly accounts. What's more rewarding than a discount offer at this time? We have been over-flooded with generosity from last few months and this time we have picked upas our discounted product. When buying tapes from our online store, users will have to use the code '10TAPES' during the checkout process. This offer is valid only from August 14, 2017 to August 20, 2017. All those who are looking for beneficial deals for industrial packaging products, visit https://www.packagingsuppliesbymail.com/ tape for a shopping bonanza. Every Monday brings in a new surprise in the form of a discount and August Mondays are the last ones. If you have not yet drawn benefit from these amazing offers, now is the time.Packaging Supplies By Mail are market leaders in the supply of all kinds of packaging and shipping materials. We have a wide range of sizes and quantities available for your apt requirements. For more details, you can also get in touch with one of our executives at 1-800-456-2467.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO - The HSBC bank logo is seen at their offices in the Canary Wharf financial district in London, Britain, March 3, 2016. REUTERS/Reinhard Krause/File Photo
LONDON HSBC (HSBA.L) announced on Thursday a strategic partnership with financial technology company Tradeshift, that will allow the bank's clients to manage their supply chains and working capital requirements digitally.
HSBC said it invested an undisclosed sum last June in Tradeshift, which connects 1.5 million companies over 190 countries.
The deal announced on Thursday, the latest in increasingly common partnerships between traditional banks and financial technology firms, will allow HSBC customers to automate the paper-heavy process of ordering and invoicing along supply chains.
"The upside for us is the ability to finance more clients, earlier in the production cycle," said Vivek Ramachandran, an executive in HSBC's global trade business.
(Reporting By Lawrence White. Editing by Andrew MacAskill)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
WARSAW, March 28 Poland's economic growth may exceed 3.6 percent in 2017, Deputy Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said on Tuesday.
"We maintain our (GDP) forecast of 3.6 percent. This year the economy could be a positive surprise," Morawiecki told reporters.
(Reporting by Pawel Sobczak, Writing by Agnieszka Barteczko, Editing by Marcin Goclowski)
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – LSE-listed gold miner Polymetal on Tuesday announced two transactions which, when completed, would increase its ownership in the Nezhda and the Prognoz gold properties to 100%.
Polymetal has exercised its call option to acquire the remaining 75.3% in the Nezhda property located in north-east Yakutia, from Ivan Kulakov's investment vehicle for $144-million in shares.
Advertisement
The transaction is expected to be completed by the end of 2018, at which stage Polymetal also plans to present a detailed development plan for Nezhda. A feasibility study is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter and first production is expected in 2022.
The Nezhda deposit is Russia's fourth largest. The company expects average production of 150 000 oz/y of payable gold in concentrate with all-in sustaining cash costs in the range of $650/oz to $710/oz of gold equivalent.
Advertisement
“This deposit is a low-risk asset that provides the company with the opportunity to realise superior returns on invested capital. High reserve grades and a long life-of-mine will ensure these returns are robust even in the event of a significant decline in gold prices,” said Polymetal CEO Vitaly Nesis.
In a separate transaction, Polymetal acquired a 50% stake in the Prognoz silver property for $140-million shares, taking its ownership to 100%.
Polymetal has also committed to pay a net smelter return (NSR) royalty in the range of 0.5% to 2.5%, pro-rated to the 50% stake being acquired and capped at $40-million. The royalty will only be payable if the silver price is US$19/oz or higher, with the actual royalty rate within the range determined on a progressive scale dependent on silver price.
Prognoz is the largest undeveloped primary silver deposit in Eurasia with an indicated and inferred resources of 292-million ounces at 586 g/t silver. Project activities for 2018 include 46 km of diamond drilling and extensive in-house metallurgical testwork. An updated resource estimate is expected in the fourth quarter.
A prefeasibility study and reserve estimate will be announced in the third quarter of 2019; with a feasibility study and reserve update to follow in the fourth quarter of 2020, paving the way for a potential investment decision the following year.
Subject to the positive investment decision, full run-rate of production could be achieved in 2024.
Prognoz, in time, would supplant Polymetal's Dukat as one of the leading silver mines globally.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, is seen during a campaign visit of the ruins in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Lachenaud/Pool
Brigitte Trogneux, wife of French presidential election candidate for the En Marche ! movement Emmanuel Macron (R rear) visits the ruins in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Lachenaud/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election listens to Robert Hebras (L), one of the survivors of the Oradour-sur-Glane massacre, during a campaign visit of the ruins in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Lachenaud/Pool
FILE PHOTO: France's far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen (L) and National Front Vice-Presidents Jean-Francois Jalkh (C) and Florian Philippot leave the Elysee Palace in Paris following a meeting with French President Francois Hollande, May 16, 2014. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
A woman walks past new official posters of candidates for the 2017 French presidential election Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, (L) and Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader (R), in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, signs the guest book as the Mayor of Oradour-sur-Glane Philippe Lacroix (R Rear), stands near during a visit of the ruins in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Lachenaud/Pool
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (C), French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris, France, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS/CHATELLERAULT, France Marine Le Pen's bid to defy the odds and win the French presidency risked a setback on Friday when their designated stand-in as National Front party leader stood down to defend themselves against charges they share the views of Holocaust deniers.
After an intense day of campaigning ahead of a May 7 run-off vote in which both the far-right's Le Pen and their centrist opponent Emmanuel Macron were carried back to the events of World War Two, surveys continued to show the independent Macron well ahead.
But in a couple of potential blows to the centrist favorite, defeated far-left leader Jean-Luc Melenchon stopped short of endorsing him, despite telling their faithful not to vote for Le Pen.
Election graphic: http: //tmsnrt.rs/2p6zUPE
First round election graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2lPduBG
And another loser from the first round, Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, endorsed Le Pen, as expected.
The abrupt departure of Jean-Francois Jalkh from the National Front (FN) party leadership before they had even taken on the job raised ghosts of the FN's past and revived a furor sparked by Le Pen's father when they called the Nazi gas chambers a "detail" of history.
The renewed controversy threatens moves by Le Pen, who expelled their father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, from the party two years ago, to cleanse the FN's image of xenophobic and anti-semitic associations and make it more palatable to a broader electorate.
"There comes a time when the women and men of France must open their eyes to where the National Front comes from," Macron's campaign director Richard Ferrand said.
The presidential contest has blown apart traditional party loyalties, presenting voters with a stark choice between a resurgent far right, once a pariah in French politics, and a man whose political movement is less than a year old and who has never held elected office.
It sets Macron's enthusiasm for the European Union and call for pro-business reforms to boost growth against Le Pen's desire for France to close its borders to immigrants, unwind EU institutions and restrict imports to protect jobs.
Most opinion polls show them winning next Sunday, with 60 percent or more of the vote, a slightly smaller margin than a week ago.
Jalkh, a long-time ally of Le Pen senior who founded the National Front, was one of 35 FN members elected to parliament in the mid-1980s. They had been due to take over as interim party chief, a post Marine Le Pen has vacated to focus on the presidential race.
FN officials said Jalkh denies the allegations linking them to Holocaust deniers, and Le Pen themselves later told BFM TV "there is no one in the leadership of the National Front who defends this sort of thesis".
At issue are comments attributed to Jalkh in a conversation with a researcher in 2005 about the work of a professor convicted more than once for questioning the scale of Jewish extermination in Nazi gas chambers during World War Two. Also unearthed was a 1991 report that said Jalkh attended a rally held by supporters of Marshal Philippe Petain, French wartime leader and Nazi collaborator, in July of that year.
Le Pen's father has been convicted of inciting racial hatred for their remarks on the Holocaust, and referred to them themselves as recently as 2015.
GAY MARRIAGE JIBE
A thorn in their side, the 88 year-old has refused to be silent as their daughter bids for power.
They courted controversy again on Friday, saying a remembrance ceremony for a police officer killed last week by an attacker in Paris "exalted" the concept of gay marriage by giving the police officer's male partner the stage to speak in their memory.
Marine Le Pen attended the state ceremony with other political figures including Macron, and distanced themselves from their father's comment on Friday.
"I felt it was a very dignified ceremony and I was very moved by the speech of their partner," they said.
As Le Pen and their party grappled with the latest turn of events, Macron had troubles too.
Melenchon, who came fourth in the election with about one on five votes of which about 40 percent are expected to back Macron, stopped short of endorsing them in a video released on YouTube.
Fringe right-wing candidate Dupont-Aignan, meanwhile, gave their backing to Le Pen as expected. They gathered 4.7 percent of the first round vote.
Macron on Friday campaigned at a village preserved as a monument to inhabitants killed by German SS soldiers in 1944.
"Deciding not to remember is to take the risk of repeating history," the 39-year-old said in Oradour-sur-Glane, near Limoges in central France, a thinly veiled attack on Le Pen for the anti-immigrant policies they say are fuelling divisions in French society.
Macron later gave a speech in Chatellerault, western France, taking their election battle to rural areas where disgruntled farmers have increasingly shied away from politicians or turned to the far-right following years of crisis.
(Additional reporting by Cyril Camu; Writing by Brian Love; Editing by Andrew Callus and Andrew Heavens)
March 30 Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd
* Says it orders equipment for T$1.07 billion ($35.33 million) from Uangyih-Tech Industrial Co Ltd and Taiwan Daifuku Co Ltd
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 30.2870 Taiwan dollars) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
A big talking point surrounding the Los Angeles Rams last season was the lack of fans in the stadium. The Coliseum seemed relatively empty in the early parts of the season with the team having some trouble filling seats.
It's worth mentioning that their home stadium is massive and that the team limited the number of tickets sold each week, but there's no denying the team's attendance issue in 2017. As the season went on, more fans went to the games, which was to be expected with Los Angeles leading the NFL in points and winning the NFC West.
Putting butts in seats next year shouldn't be much trouble at all, however. With all the trades Los Angeles has made, the hype surrounding the team and Ndamukong Suh signing with the Rams, there's no shortage of excitement.
That anticipation is reflected in the Rams' resale ticket prices, too. According to Vivid Seats, the Rams' 2018 ticket prices have jumped 46 percent compared to last season – the second-largest in the NFL behind the Jaguars.
The median price of Rams' tickets next season is $191. That's the 15th-highest price in the NFL, which puts them in the middle of the pack. Chargers tickets, considering how small their stadium is, are just $18 more on average than Rams tickets, while the Patriots lead the way at $468 each.
If the Rams continue their winning ways before opening their new stadium in 2020, you can bet they'll have one of the hottest (and costliest) tickets on the market.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after "age-related complications," researchers announced Tuesday, saying they "stole the heart of many with their dignity and strength."
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after their condition "worsened significantly" and they were no longer able to stand. Their muscles and bones had degenerated and their skin had extensive wounds, with a deep infection on their back right leg.
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction after decades of decimation by poachers, with the help of the two surviving females. One is their daughter, Najin, and the other is their daughter, Fatu.
Their death won't have an impact on the efforts to save the subspecies, as the focus turns to in vitro fertilization techniques using stored semen from other dead rhinos and eggs extracted from the two remaining females.
Advertisement
"He was a great ambassador for their species and will be remembered for the work they did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos, but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity," said the conservancy's CEO, Richard Vigne.
Sudan was something of a celebrity, attracting thousands of visitors. Last year they were listed as "The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World" on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort.
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan, the last of their kind to be born in the wild.
They were taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009 with the three other remaining fertile northern white rhinos at the time. They were placed under 24-hour armed guard and fed a special diet. "However, despite the fact that they were seen mating, there were no successful pregnancies," the conservancy said.
Rangers caring for Sudan described them as gentle and, as their condition worsened in recent weeks, expressed sadness over their imminent death.
The rhino "significantly contributed to survival of their species as they sired two females," the conservancy said. "Additionally, their genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies."
The only hope for preserving the subspecies "now lies in developing in vitro fertilization techniques using eggs from the two remaining females, stored northern white rhino semen from males and surrogate southern white rhino females," the statement said.
Sudan's death "is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him. But we should not give up," said Jan Stejskal, director of international projects at Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic. "It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring."
Northern white rhinos once roamed parts of Chad, Sudan, Uganda, Congo and Central African Republic, and were particularly vulnerable because of the armed conflicts that have swept the region over decades.
Other rhinos, the southern white rhino and another species, the black rhino, are under heavy pressure from poachers who kill them for their horns to supply illegal markets in parts of Asia.
Roughly 20,000 southern white rhinos remain in Africa. Their numbers dipped below 100 around a century ago, but an intense effort initiated by South African conservationist Ian Player in the mid-20th century turned things around.
___
Associated Press writer Christopher Torchia contributed.
___
Follow Africa news at https://twitter.com/AP_Africa
SEOUL, April 15 Covering a North Korean military parade is an emotional rollercoaster. Foreign journalists stand just metres from the action in Pyongyang's Kim Il Sung Square.
It is a visual and sensory barrage. Your eyes are assaulted by the technicolour pallet of socialist-realist propaganda. The ground at your feet shakes as tanks rumble past, leaving a diesel aftertaste in your mouth.
That heavy equipment, and the brigades of tightly coordinated goose-stepping soldiers that come before them, are an impressive sight.
But the thousands of North Koreans cheering and crying for hours for leader Kim Jong-un, who watches from a balcony 30 metres behind us, can also be overwhelming. You can see the tiredness in their faces.
The parades offer weapons analysts and U.N. investigators a rare chance to gain new insight into secretive North Korea's military capabilities. Every nut and bolt in every photo and video is closely scrutinised.
North Korea likely knows this, and sometimes reveals new and untested equipment. It did so on Saturday, displaying what appeared to be two new kinds of intercontinental ballistic missile in its military arsenal.
The second area of interest to North Korea watchers is the balcony where Kim and their aides stand. To whom is Kim talking, with whom do they shake hands first? Is their elusive sister, Kim Yo Jong, up there with him?
They often are, and was on Saturday, lurking somewhere behind a pillar or bright red flag, their mischievous smile a surreal antidote to the militaristic pomp and ceremony of the event below.
On TV, these parades appear as a tightly choreographed and slick affair. But on the ground, it is the little details which slip through that facade that are most interesting.
That perfectly synchronised goose-stepping is aided by thousands of painted white dots placed a metre apart on the ground, guiding boots to the right spot. And behind Kim's balcony is a large traffic light and countdown clock which gives each platoon the signal to begin marching.
One of the most visually spectacular aspects of the parade is the large human screen behind the centre of the action. There, hundreds of thousands of North Koreans hold up coloured placards which, viewed from a distance, spell out huge propaganda slogans.
But easily lost in that mass scale are the individual faces of those human pixels who, dressed in their finest clothes, stand holding plastic flowers in the sun for hours.
Divided into work units, people prepare for months for such events, often having no choice but to forgo time at weekends and after work to practise.
This is in addition to the economic double life most North Koreans lead, whereby meagre income from official jobs is supplemented on a thriving network of semi-legal markets. As they walk past Kim Jong-un's balcony, some people are overcome with emotion and cry. Others look gaunt and exhausted.
When the parade is over, the square hums with activity as the different groups all go their separate ways. The pink petals from their plastic flowers leave a trail behind them.
(Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday halted the Quezon City government from implementing a resolution that increases the city's real property tax rates from 100 percent to 500 percent.
During an en banc session in Baguio City, the high court issued a temporary restraining order halting the implementation of Ordinance No. 2556 (Series of 2016).
The Alliance of Quezon City Homeowners' Association questioned the ordinance that adjusts the fair market value of lands, houses and other structures.
Named respondents were Quezon City Mayor Herbert Bautista, the City Assessor's Office and City Treasurer's Office.
The SC ordered the Quezon City government to file its comment within 10 days from the receipt of the order.
Mayor Herbert Bautista welcomed the court's ruling but they urged the SC to resolve the case “the soonest possible time.”
“We have yet to receive an official copy of the decision but the Quezon City government welcomes the development. We pray that the SC will resolve the matter the soonest possible time to ensure the smooth operations of the delivery of basic services to its constituents,” they said.
In a separate statement, the city's Public Affairs' office said that the city was “compelled” to adjust the fair market values of real properties after the Department of Finance and the Commission on Audit directed the city government to implement the “long-delayed” adjustment as mandated by Section 219 of Republic Act 7160 or the Local Government Code of 1991. Jomar Canlas and Dempsey Reyes
"Use of Next-generation DNA sequencing is one of the emerging treatment trend in the market", says RNCOS
Contact
RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.
G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
***@rncos.com RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
End
-- In the past few years, there has been an increase in research and development activities which has led to the development of novel diagnostic tools for cystic fibrosis. These advancements in diagnostic testing technologies have further driven improvement in the precision, sensitivity, efficiency, and speed of clinical diagnostic procedures for cystic fibrosis.For instance, scientists at Stanford University have developed a DNA test for the accurate and comprehensive screening of newborns for cystic fibrosis. This test utilizes the next-generation DNA sequencing which can identify the entire CFTR gene rather than just looking at selected mutations. This test is considered to be less expensive and less time-consuming technology, which will contribute to this market's growth in the coming years. Moreover, Dr. Gratzl and their research team at Case Western Reserve University are also working to develop a new device to diagnose cystic fibrosis in babies at two weeks of age. The team will also compare the new technology to the currently available tests, which can only be performed in infants older than three months.As a result of these improvements and advancements, cystic fibrosis can now be diagnosed in early stages. Also, CF health care providers can now help parents learn ways to keep their child as healthy as possible and delay or prevent health problems related to CF.The report provides an in-depth research and rational analysis of the current status and future prospect of the Global Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Market Outlook 2022. The study presents a transparent picture about the current and future market outlook, in terms of the pharmacological class, CF mutation type, drug molecule type, and geography. The report also provides a comprehensive insight about the market dynamics including the drivers, challenges, opportunities, and upcoming trends that would influence the market.A detailed pipeline analysis of cystic fibrosis drugs with a comprehensive overview of various aspects of the clinical trials in the cystic fibrosis therapeutics market has also been provided in the report. The report also highlights the major cystic fibrosis drugs available in the global market.Detailed information of key market players has also been included in the report to present a complete picture of the global cystic fibrosis therapeutics market, to enable the clients to understand the market structure and its growth during the forecasted period. In brief, the report, "", covers all the necessary aspects of the global cystic fibrosis therapeutics market, providing an in-depth research and prudent analysis of the pipeline products and key segments.Some of the key highlights of the report include the following:• Growth drivers such as growing burden of cystic fibrosis, robust pipeline• Holistic view of the Cystic fibrosis therapeutics market, segmentation in terms of the pharmacological class, CF mutation type, drug molecule type, and geography• Detailed pipeline analysis with a comprehensive overview of various aspects of the clinical trials such as phases, route of administration, geographies, key players• Upsurge in Strategic consolidations advancing Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics MarketFor FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/ Report/IM913.htm Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/ Healthcare_Industry.htm RNCOS is a leading industry research and consultancy firm incorporated in 2002. As a pioneer in syndicate market research, our vision is to be a global leader in the industry research space by providing research reports and actionable insights to companies across a range of industries such as Healthcare, IT and Telecom and Retail etc. We offer comprehensive industry research studies, bespoke research and consultancy services to Fortune 1000, Trade associations, and Government agencies worldwide.
Contact
NAWBO-LA, Schenae Rourk
***@nawbola.org NAWBO-LA, Schenae Rourk
End
-- National Association of Women Business Owners Los Angeles Chapter (NAWBO-LA) is pleased to announce its honorees for its 31Annual Leadership and Legacy Awards Luncheon set for June 16, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. at the Beverly Hilton.The National Association of Women Business Owners (NAWBO) was founded in 1975. Today, the organization has over 5,000 members and 60 chapters across the country and serves as the premiere voice of America's 13 million women entrepreneurs across allindustries.NAWBO-LA is a leading and innovative chapter of NAWBO since its inception in 1979 in the entrepreneurial capital of Los Angeles. We annually recognize outstanding business and community leaders for their distinct leadership and contributions to empowering women business owners."We are proud to support our city's women entrepreneurs with resources, connections and inspiration. This June, we are pleased to celebrate this year's honorees. We look forward to continuing to strengthen a community of fellow aspiring women business owners, dreamers and successors,"said Hilary Lentini, owner of Lentini Design & Marketing, Inc. and outgoing President ofNAWBO-LA.NAWBO-LA's Incoming President, Schenae Rourk, owner of RedwoodResources.net shared, "The year ahead is filled with growth, collaboration and innovate partnerships to propel NAWBO-LA forward in business, in policy, advocacy and with a seat at the table. We are the premiere women business organization and we will further propel women businesses forward."The highly anticipated annual Leadership & Legacy Gala will be hosted by, along withNAWBO-LA's 31Annual Leadership & Legacy Awards honorees are selected on the basis of their entrepreneurial leadership and community inspiration. This year's list represents the best of Los Angeles.This year's list honorees are:· TRAILBLAZER – Deborah Flint, CEO, Los Angeles World Airports (LAWA)· ENTREPRENEUR – Ariana Stein, Co-Founder, Lil' Libros· INNOVATORS – Sarah Heering and Angel Anderson, Co-Founders, NailSnaps· LEADERSHIP – Betsy Berkhemer-Credaire, Co-Founder, Berkhemer Clayton, Inc.· LEADERSHIP – Renee Fraser, Founder, Fraser CommunicationsThe luncheon this year will also include installation of the 2017-2019 Board including the Foundation and the Leadership Advisory Board. The new board will be installed by theThe 2017-2019 Board is as follows:Schenae Rourk, President, Redwood ResourcesJennifer Freund, Secretary, ImpressionsLA Dorado Music PackagingSherry Wallen, Treasurer, Strategic Direction, Inc.Hilary Lentini, Immediate Past President, Lentini Design & Marketing, Inc.Ann D'Amato, VP – Public Policy, 3D NetworksKatherine Chrisman, VP – Corporate and Economic Development, Park Lane JewelryAllison Gutierrez, Co-VP Membership, Brown & BigelowCynthia Lopell, VP – Gala, CL22 Design & Productions, Inc.Anna Menedjian, Community Outreach Chair, 2020 Inc.Crissi Avila, Co-VP Membership, Deasy/Penner & PartnersJudith Gordon, Leadership Chair, LeaderEsQLindsey Carnett, VP - Social Media / Marketing, Marketing MavenPamela Huley, VP – Diversity and Retention, Mass Call Productions, Inc.June Jeong, VP – Governance, EQ HR SolutionsSandra Lee, VP - Advertising / Multicultural OutreachMadelyn Alfano, Chair, Maria's Italian KitchenKatie Carano, Director, Bank of AmericaChristine Frey, Director, Metropolitan Water District of Southern CaliforniaRandi Hinton, Director, UPSJane Skeeter, Director, UltraGlas, Inc.Ethy Vallejo, Director, Union BankBonnie Hill, Co-Founder, Icon Blue, Inc.Renee Fraser, Founder & CEO, Fraser CommunicationsLaura Yamanaka, President, teamCFOBeverly Kuykendall, President Government Business AMDPat Watts, Owner, FCI ManagementMiriam Long, Director of Small Business and Construction Career Outreach, MetroNAWBO-LA appreciates the value of building sustainable partnerships with individuals and organizations that align themselves with its mission of propelling women entrepreneurs into economic, social and political spheres of influence. These partnerships immensely improve the personal and professional lives of our members and the communities they live in. This, in turn, strengthens the wealth-creating capacity of our members, promotes economic development within the entrepreneurial community, and helps make innovative and effective changes in the business culture. NAWBO-LA builds strategic alliances, coalitions and affiliations, transforming public policy and influencing opinionmakers.Although still a work in progress, this year's Leadership & Legacy Awards Luncheon is thus far sponsored by the following individuals and organizations:PRESENTINGSPONSOR:vv BankofAmericaMerrillLynchSILVERSPONSORS:vv UnionBankvv SoCalGasBRONZESPONSORS:vv AEGvv Hewlett Packardvv Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro)vv Metropolitan Water District (MWD)vv Northrop Grummanvv Southern California EdisonSUPPORTINGSPONSORS:vv LADWPvv Sheppard MullinMEDIASPONSORS:vvRedwoodResourcesvv DiversityComm, Inc.THEME CONCEPT; GRAPHIC DESIGN;PROGRAM; SIGNAGE; VISUALS: vvLentini Design & Marketing, Inc.PRINTING: vvImpressionsLA Dorado Music PackagingNAWBO-LA is proud to call these organizations our partners and is grateful for their continued support in promoting the success of women business owners and the entrepreneurialspirit.Date & Time: Friday, June 16, 2017 – 11:00 am – 3:00 pmPlace: Beverly Hilton, 9876 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90210For more information on this event, please call (213) 622-3200.nawbola.orgEND***
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — The mother of Utah man imprisoned in Venezuela for nearly 1½ years is circulating a new audio recording of their son talking about how he's suffering without medical care.
Laurie Holt said Monday that she's sharing the recording Joshua Holt sent by cellphone so people can hear how dire the situation is. She's calling on Venezuela to release them on humanitarian grounds.
In the short recording, they talk about throwing up all night, feeling dizzy and struggling to think.
The 25-year-old traveled to Venezuela in June 2016 to marry a woman. The couple was arrested at their family's Caracas apartment by police who alleged Holt was stockpiling weapons.
Advertisement
Their families say they're innocent.
Joshua Holt has a hearing scheduled Tuesday in Caracas, but most of their previous hearings have been canceled.
São Paulo May 2 U.S. regional jet operator Republic Airways Holdings Inc, the biggest operator of commercial aircraft made by Embraer SA, will expand its fleet this year through leasing arrangements, Embraer's Chief Financial Officer Jose Filippo said on Tuesday.
Republic announced on Monday that it had emerged from Chapter 11 restructuring with a fleet of 170 Embraer E-Jets and it planned to add 18 more by the end of 2017. In November, Embraer said it had transferred an order for 24 E-175 aircraft from Republic to United Airlines. (Reporting by Brad Haynes, Editing by Franklin Paul)
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 8 Justin Rose was one of the last players to arrive at the U.S. Masters and on Saturday the Olympic champion gave themselves a chance to be the last man standing when the winner's Green Jacket is awarded.
Rose stormed home with five birdies in their final seven holes for a five-under-par 67, the day's lowest round, giving them a one-shot lead along with Spaniard Sergio Garcia at six under heading into Sunday's final round.
"I knew I needed to get going for sure. But I had confidence that I would have my run," said Englishman Rose. "Today I began to feel very comfortable on the greens. Just things began to click and I had my run."
Rose only arrived at the year's first major on Tuesday for a late practice round as they competed last week in Houston and wanted to focus more on recovery.
The decision seems to have paid off for the 2013 U.S. Open champion as they are in prime position to grab their second major title.
Rose said they and their caddie knew they were being tested on the front nine, a stretch in which they mixed two birdies with a pair of bogeys, and so they decided patience was paramount.
"The key to the strong finish was the patience that I showed on the front nine," Rose, whose best Masters finish was a tie for second in 2015.
"We were playing well, but we weren't really making inroads towards the lead, and chose to stay patient, because that's the only choice that we really have, and it kind of paid off."
While Rose, who is playing in their 12th Masters, is thrilled to be at the top of the leaderboard after three rounds, they know all too well that no lead is safe.
Rose will tee off with Garcia in Sunday's final group, with the pair trying to fend off Rickie Fowler, who is alone in third place. Former Masters champion Jordan Spieth is among a group of three players a further shot back on four under.
"Tomorrow is a huge day. I have an opportunity. That's all you want but really it starts on the back nine on Sunday," said Rose. "A one-shot lead starting the day doesn't mean much.
"You're going to have to go out and play a good round of golf, and I think there's going to be four or five guys pretty much with the same mindset tomorrow." (Editing by Peter Rutherford; )
click to enlarge The Plan 9 Records website says this Wednesday will be the first time in Richmond for legendary English musician, Robyn Hitchcock.
In a show that seemed to come out of the blue, English singer/songwriter Robyn Hitchcock will be performing solo at Capital Ale House downtown on Wednesday, April 19 with country singer Cale Tyson.
First gaining notice with the Soft Boys in the 1970s, Hitchcock has led a prolific solo career since the 1980s, releasing over 20 albums, many of them critically acclaimed. The most recent is 2014's "The Man Upstairs" produced by Joe Boyd (Nick Drake). The singer also was the subject of a documentary film, "Storefront Hitchcock," from Jonathan Demme in 1998.
On Wednesday at 2 p.m., Hitchcock will stop by Plan 9 Records in Carytown for an in-store signing, according to owner Jim Bland, who also notes that Record Store Day is this Saturday, April 22.
April 6 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc:
* Ultragenyx and Kyowa Kirin International announce positive data from pediatric phase 2 studies of burosumab (krn23) in x-linked hypophosphatemia
* Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical -data showed serum phosphorus levels, rickets, growth rates, and other functional outcomes improved with burosumab
* Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc - study shows treatment effects from burosumab were sustained through 64 weeks of treatment
* Ultragenyx Pharma-interim 24-week data from separate phase 2 study in patients aged 1-5 showed burosumab increased serum phosphorus levels into low normal range
* Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc - adverse events were consistent with what has been previously observed for burosumab for treatment of xlh
* Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc - "data support potential for burosumab to treat xlh in pediatric patients" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Swift code bank logo is displayed on an iPhone 6s on top of Euro banknotes in this picture illustration made in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo
Hackers released documents and files on Friday that cybersecurity experts said indicated the U.S. National Security Agency had accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks.
The release included computer code that could be adapted by criminals to break into SWIFT servers and monitor messaging activity, said Shane Shook, a cybersecurity consultant who has helped banks investigate breaches of their SWIFT systems.
The documents and files were released by a group calling themselves The Shadow Brokers. Some of the records bear NSA seals, but Reuters could not confirm their authenticity.
The NSA could not immediately be reached for comment.
Also published were many programs for attacking various versions of the Windows operating system, at least some of which still work, researchers said.
In a statement to Reuters, Microsoft (MSFT.O), maker of Windows, said it had not been warned by any part of the U.S. government that such files existed or had been stolen.
"Other than reporters, no individual or organisation has contacted us in relation to the materials released by Shadow Brokers," the company said.
The absence of warning is significant because the NSA knew for months about the Shadow Brokers breach, officials previously told Reuters. Under a White House process established by former President Barack Obama's staff, companies were usually warned about dangerous flaws.
Shook said criminal hackers could use the information released on Friday to hack into banks and steal money in operations mimicking a heist last year of $81 million from the Bangladesh central bank.
"The release of these capabilities could enable fraud like we saw at Bangladesh Bank," Shook said.
The SWIFT messaging system is used by banks to transfer trillions of dollars each day. Belgium-based SWIFT downplayed the risk of attacks employing the code released by hackers on Friday.
SWIFT said it regularly releases security updates and instructs client banks on how to handle known threats.
"We mandate that all customers apply the security updates within specified times," SWIFT said in a statement.
SWIFT said it had no evidence that the main SWIFT network had ever been accessed without authorization.
It was possible that the local messaging systems of some SWIFT client banks had been breached, SWIFT said in a statement, which did not specifically mention the NSA.
When cyberthieves robbed the Bangladesh Bank last year, they compromised that bank's local SWIFT network to order money transfers from its account at the New York Federal Reserve.
The documents released by the Shadow Brokers on Friday indicate that the NSA may have accessed the SWIFT network through service bureaus. SWIFT service bureaus are companies that provide an access point to the SWIFT system for the network's smaller clients and may send or receive messages regarding money transfers on their behalf.
“If you hack the service bureau, it means that you also have access to all of their clients, all of the banks," said Matt Suiche, founder of the United Arab Emirates-based cybersecurity firm Comae Technologies, who has studied the Shadow Broker releases and believes the group has access to NSA files.
The documents posted by the Shadow Brokers include Excel files listing computers on a service bureau network, user names, passwords and other data, Suiche said.
“That's information you can only get if you compromise the system," they said.
ATTEMPT TO MONITOR FLOW OF MONEY
Cris Thomas, a prominent security researcher with the cybersecurity firm Tenable, said the documents and files released by the Shadow Brokers show “the NSA has been able to compromise SWIFT banking systems, presumably as a way to monitor, if not disrupt, financial transactions to terrorists groups”.
Since the early 1990s, interrupting the flow of money from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and elsewhere to al Qaeda, the Taliban, and other militant Islamic groups in Afghanistan, Pakistan and other countries has been a major objective of U.S. and allied intelligence agencies.
Mustafa Al-Bassam, a computer science researcher at University College London, said on Twitter that the Shadow Brokers documents show that the "NSA hacked a bunch of banks, oil and investment companies in Palestine, UAE, Kuwait, Qatar, Yemen, more."
They added that NSA "completely hacked" EastNets, one of two SWIFT service bureaus named in the documents that were released by the Shadow Brokers.
Reuters could not independently confirm that EastNets had been hacked.
EastNets, based in Dubai, denied it had been hacked in a statement, calling the assertion "totally false and unfounded."
EastNets ran a "complete check of its servers and found no hacker compromise or any vulnerabilities," according to a statement from EastNets' chief executive and founder, Hazem Mulhim.
In 2013, documents released by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden said the NSA had been able to monitor SWIFT messages.
The agency monitored the system to spot payments intended to finance crimes, according to the documents released by Snowden.
Reuters could not confirm whether the documents released Friday by the Shadow Brokers, if authentic, were related to NSA monitoring of SWIFT transfers since 2013.
Some of the documents released by the Shadow Brokers were dated 2013, but others were not dated.
The documents released by the hackers did not clearly indicate whether the NSA had actually used all the techniques cited for monitoring SWIFT messages.
(Additional reporting by Tom Bergin in London; Dustin Volz and John Walcott in Washington; Joseph Menn in San Franciso; and Jim Finkle in Buffalo, New York.; Editing by Brian Thevenot and Cynthia Osterman)
New Downtown Los Angeles Campus to Start Classes on May 1st, 2018
New DTLA Building
Contact
Language Systems - Marketing Dept.
***@languagesystems.edu Language Systems - Marketing Dept.
End
-- Language Systems announced a change of location for its busy downtown LA campus today The new location is less than a mile away from its current campus and located in an area with convenient transportation and parking for students. Classes at the new location will begin on Tuesday, May 1st, 2018.Karla Solorzano, the Marketing Manager, views the move as an exciting time for both students and LSI employees. "As the largest campus, we have always tried to provide students with comfortable facilities, convenient transportation, and accessible parking. This new location offers all this and more! We are very excited about the move and look forward to our students enjoying the new campus very soon."Founded in Los Angeles, California in 1987, Language Systems has provided a variety of programs to students from all over the world, tailoring its classes to meet its students' needs. The school combines high-quality English language teaching with cultural and practical training, making it ideal for students with academic or professional goals.With four locations in Southern California (Downtown LA, Northeast LA, Orange County and South Bay LA), LSI equips international students with the critical skills needed to function successfully in an English-speaking environment, thus helping students to become successful both in their academic and professional endeavors. Language Systems - DTLA is the largest of all four campuses and hosts students from countries all over the world.Ligia Andersen, who has been the Program Coordinator at the downtown location for the past decade, is also looking forward to the change of location. "We are very excited to start working in the new location! Language Systems DTLA will be much closer to a variety of restaurants, coffee shops, banks, and entertainment. The location is currently being renovated to welcome LSI students, faculty, and staff on May 1st!"Language Systems - DTLA's new campus is conveniently located in a bustling area full of shops, restaurants, and cafes, just across the street from the Wilshire and Normandie subway station. It is located on the 9th floor with spacious classrooms and plenty of space for students to study and spend free time with classmates and friends. All classes will start on Tuesday, May 1, 2018.For more information, please visit https://www.languagesystems.edu
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
(Updates to close)
March 29 Australian shares extended gains to near two-year closing highs on Wednesday, backed by optimism over earnings for the financial sector after the country's big four banks raised their home loan rates recently.
The S&P/ASX 200 index finished at 0.9 percent higher or 52.26 points to 5873.5, its strongest level since mid-April 2015.
The market started off with a good tailwind from Wall Street's cheer following solid U.S. data showing consumer confidence at a 16-year high.
Financials accounted for most of the gains with big four banks rising between 1 percent to 1.3 percent.
Deutsche Bank analysts on Monday increased their future cash earnings forecasts for the banks by 2 to 3 percent due to the mortgage rate hikes, even though they expected demand for loans from housing investors to decrease as a result.
The positive earnings expectations for the banks appear to have helped feed investor demand.
Fitch Ratings said on Wednesday that the increases in home loan rates should help cool growth in lending to more vulnerable buyers, but added that banks still face risks from high household debt and an overheated property sector,
Corporate activity was also a focus on the day. Shares of media company Fairfax Media jumped as much as 7.5 percent to the highest level since 2011 after the Australian Financial Review reported that U.S. private equity group, TPG Capital, is considering making a takeover offer.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index gained nearly 1 percent or 68.34 points to finish the session at 7133.57. It marked the highest close in over a week, helped by gains in materials and healthcare stocks.
Air New Zealand rose as much as 3.8 percent to touch its highest in nearly 1 year. (Reporting by Urvashi Goenka in Bengaluru; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Magnolia tries to strengthen its hold of the top spot with a victory over defending champion San Miguel Beer today in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Season 43 Philippine Cup at the Ynares Sports Center in Antipolo.
The streaking Hotshots shoot for their sixth straight win against the Beermen in their 7 p.m. encounter. In the opener, the also red-hot Alaska five battles GlobalPort at 4:30 p.m.
Magnolia is coming off a 78-72 escape over Blackwater to stretch its winning run to five games for a league-leading 6-1 win-loss mark. The Beermen are trailing them at 5-1 while the Aces are third with 5-2.
Hotshots head coach Chito Victolero braces for a tough encounter from San Miguel especially with a day to prepare for the big match.
“San Miguel Beer is going to be tough but no excuses. We have to find ways how to beat San Miguel Beer and with our effort I know it can be done,” said Victolero, adding they will try to duplicate what Ginebra San Miguel Beer did pulling off a 100-96 win over the Beermen.
“If Ginebra did it, I believe we can also do it. We just need to have a proper mindset.”
Paul Lee remains a doubtful starter in today's match but Victolero hopes their superstar can log in some minutes to help their cause.
The Beermen will continue to miss the services of Alex Cabagnot due to a foot injury and will bank on four-time Most Valuable Player June Mar Fajardo, who is averaging 26.8 points, 11.8 rebounds and 2.5 blocks in the tournament.
Meanwhile, Alaska also seeks its sixth straight win versus Batang Pier, who are coming off a 107-88 demolition of Meralco last Sunday to improve their record to 3-3.
After a 0-2 start, the Aces have won their last five assignments the last one a 93-75 victory over Phoenix last Wednesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Norman Chamberlain Fields will become a hub for dance music, family activities and a kidzone as Shardfest returns for its fifth year from July 28-29.
Held just four miles from Birmingham Airport, festival-goers will have the chance to enjoy live music from incredible acts including radio DJ legend Tim Westwood, Artful Dodger, Ratpack and more all performing across the weekend.
As well as welcoming well-known acts, Shardfest also provides a platform for up and coming artists to promote their music, sharing it with the local and wider community.
Saturday, July 28 will see the festival open its gates for its party day. Spread across three dance arenas - Raveology, The Shoobs and Steetcred - and the main stage, ticket holders can enjoy performances from DJ Guv, Total Recall and Grooverider.
On Sunday, July 29, the festival transforms into a family day, where all ages can enjoy a host of activities including a cinema, fire breathers, stilt walkers and stalls, alongside more live music from El Sam, Deploy the Music, Kelly B and more.
There's also the chance to experience Shardfest VIP style, allowing ticket holders to gain access to a host of exclusive extras including a private entrance, car parking, bar and toilets, as well as a glass of prosecco on arrival.
Tickets for Shardfest 2018 are on sale now and start at £25 per adult and £15 per child. Click here to find out more.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Here are several “TV NERDS” who all of a sudden got HOT.
MTV.com has a list of “9 TV Nerds Who Got Hot All of a Sudden.” They're all guys, and they're mostly from the late '90s to the early 2000s. Here's the list…
1. Nathan Kress, who played the video expert Freddie Benson on “iCarly”.
2. Cole Sprouse, who played Cody Martin on “The Suite Life of Zack and Cody”, and who's now on “Riverdale”.
3. David Henrie, who played Justin Russo on “Wizards of Waverly Place”.
4. Josh Peck, who was Josh Nichols on “Drake & Josh”.
5. Sean Flynn, who played Chase Matthews on “Zoey 101”.
6. Tahj Mowry, who played Michelle's friend Teddy on “Full House”, and T.J. Henderson on “Smart Guy”.
7. Wilmer Valderrama, who of course was Fez on “That '70s Show”.
8. Devon Werkheiser, who starred on the Nickelodeon sitcom “Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide”.
9. Adam Brody, a.k.a. Seth Cohen from “The O.C.”.
Click Here to see more.
PARIS, April 28 Safran said on Friday its talks to buy Zodiac Aerospace were continuing after the French company issued a new profit warning.
"We confirm that the discussions continue," a spokesperson for Safran said.
Reporting a first-half loss and lower full-year forecasts earlier on Friday, Zodiac Aerospace said it hoped to conclude the $9 billion merger deal with Safran but that it was also studying an alternative. (Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer, Tim Hepher, Editing by Dominique Vidalon)
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
When Sudan, the last northern white rhino bull, died in Kenya in March 2018, that left alive only two females of the subspecies once common in Central and East Africa.
Both are descendants of Sudan and live in Kenya, and were considered infertile. But now, new hope is emerging that extinction of the species can still be prevented.
A team led by veterinarian Thomas Hildebrandt from the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research (IZW) in Berlin has succeeded in creating living embryos in the laboratory from frozen sperm of the northern white rhinoceros and egg cells from the southern white rhinoceros. It's the most closely related subspecies, with more than 20,000 southern rhinos living in the wild.
Poaching has driven the northern white rhino to the brink of extinction.
Although such hybrid embryos are not pure northern white rhinoceros, the researchers were able to show for the first time that the creation of such embryos is possible. The researchers succeeded in the experiment about 20 times.
Read more: Can IVF save the last white rhinos?
Sudan, the last northern white rhino 'A very old man' in rhino years Sudan was unable to stand up in the end. They were treated for age-related complications that led to degenerative changes in muscles and bones combined with extensive skin wounds. Veterinary experts took the decision to euthanize the animal." At the age of 45, Sudan was a very old man, well over 100 years old in human equivalent years," said the charity Helping Rhinos.
Sudan, the last northern white rhino Under constant watch Rhino horns are used in traditional Chinese medicine and for dagger handles in Yemen. A poaching crisis in the 1970s and 1980s wiped out northern white rhino populations in Uganda, the Central African Republic, Sudan and Chad. The last wild population was in the Democratic Republic of Congo, but that succumbed to fighting in the region. At Ol Pejeta, Sudan was constantly under armed guard.
Sudan, the last northern white rhino Out of Africa Given the danger that Sudan they would have been in when so much younger, they were among a group of northern white rhinos who were taken to a safari park in Czechoslovakia in the 1970s.
Sudan, the last northern white rhino A hopeful return Sudan and a group of other northern white rhinos were moved back to Africa in 2009 in the hope that the move, in particular grassland at the Ol Peteja Conservancy in eastern Kenya, would give them more favorable breeding conditions.
Sudan, the last northern white rhino Fading fast The death of the only other northern white male, Suni, of natural causes in October 2014, further emphasized the need to urgently come up with alternative solutions for breeding.
Sudan, the last northern white rhino Will they be the last? Sudan eventually lived at Ol Peteja with the only other two members of their subspecies — their daughter Najin, and their granddaughter Fatu. Because of myriad health complications that mean the two cannot bear offspring, any future northern white rhino would have to be carried in pregnancy by southern white rhino female surrogates. However, their eggs would be used. Author: Richard Connor
Southern rhinos as surrogates
To produce healthy rhinoceros calves, the fertilized egg cells must be implanted into healthy rhinoceros females of reproductive age.
Scientists plan to take egg cells from the still living northern rhinoceros females in autumn of this year, and to fertilize them with stored sperm from the same species.
They then intend to implant the oocytes into fertile southern rhinoceros females in early 2019.
The researchers had to contend with poor-quality sperm. Nevertheless, fertilization was successful by directly injecting a sperm cell into an egg cell, a process known as "intracytoplasmic sperm injection" (ICSI). The method is also used in human reproductive medicine.
The Leibniz Institute researchers were supported by Italian company Avantea, which specializes in fertilization of cattle and horses.
The scientists published their results in the journal Nature Communications.
An in vitro rhino embryo
Success not guaranteed
Even if healthy rhinoceros calves can be produced, whether the northern white rhino can be saved in the long term remains unclear.
Because the sperm comes from a few rhinoceros bulls, limited genetic diversity could endanger the health of a newly bred northern white rhino population. Due to the smaller gene pool, such inbreeding typically leads to higher rates of recessive disorders, translating into higher death rates and poorer overall health.
Inbreeding also leads to higher miscarriage rates and decreased fertility in offspring.
To try and get around this problem, scientists are working in parallel on stem cell technology to cultivate sperm and oocytes from preserved rhinoceros body cells.
Yet even with stem cell technology, success is by no means certain. Like in cloning experiments, miscarriages and deaths could occur.
A comparable attempt involving the breeding of the Iberian ibex, which died out in 2000, failed. An animal died of a lung malformation only a few minutes after birth.
dpa, Nature (fs/sad)
By Dana Hull
In the race to the autonomous revolution, developers have realized there aren't enough hours in a day to clock the real-world miles needed to teach cars how to drive themselves. Which is why Grand Theft Auto V is in the mix.
The blockbuster video game is one of the simulation platforms researchers and engineers increasingly rely on to test and train the machines being primed to take control of the family sedan. Companies from Ford Motor Co. to Alphabet Inc.'s Waymo may boast about putting no-hands models on the market in three years, but there's a lot still to learn about drilling algorithms in how to respond when, say, a mattress falls off a truck on the freeway.
If automakers and tech enterprises want to make their deadline, they have to hurry up. The test cars tricked out with lasers, sensors and cameras being put through the paces on tracks and public roads can't do it on their own. Simulators never run out of gas - and the ones at Waymo can model driving more than 3 million miles in a single day.
"Just relying on data from the roads is not practical," said Davide Bacchet, who leads the simulation effort in San Jose, California, for Nio, a startup aiming to introduce an autonomous electric car in the US in 2020. "With simulation, you can run the same scenario over and over again for infinite times, then test it again."
As improbable as it may seem to the lay person, hyper-realistic video games are able to generate data that's very close to what artificial-intelligence agents can glean on the road. AI software has been playing around with games from Super Mario Bros. to Angry Birds for a while now, tackling problems in controlled environments and learning through trial and error.
Last year, scientists from Darmstadt University of Technology in Germany and Intel Labs developed a way to pull visual information from Grand Theft Auto V. Now some researchers are deriving algorithms from GTAV software that's been tweaked for use in the burgeoning self-driving sector.
The latest in the franchise from publisher Rockstar Games Inc. is just about as good as reality, with 262 types of vehicles, more than 1,000 different unpredictable pedestrians and animals, 14 weather conditions and countless bridges, traffic signals, tunnels and intersections. (The hoodlums, heists and accumulated corpses aren't crucial components.)
Continued below.
Related Content Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui rowing club members amongst locals bracing for floods Scientists reveal the five most grim and bizarre ways to die John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech?
The idea isn't that the highways and byways of the fictional city of Los Santos would ever be a substitute for bona fide asphalt. But the game "is the richest virtual environment that we could extract data from," said Alain Kornhauser, a Princeton University professor of operations research and financial engineering who advises the Princeton Autonomous Vehicle Engineering team.
Waymo uses its simulators to create a confounding motoring situation for every variation engineers can think of: having three cars changing lanes at the same time at an assortment of speeds and directions, for instance. What's learned virtually is applied physically, and problems encountered on the road are studied in simulation.
Quick Brown Fox
Whenever a human has to grab the wheel of a test car because self-driving software hasn't responded properly, "we're able to play back the exact situation and predict via simulation what could have happened if the car had been left to drive itself," Waymo said in a self-driving project report. "If the simulator shows better driving is called for, our engineers can make refinements to the software, and run those changes in simulation in order to test the fixes."
At Toyota Motor Corp.'s Toyota Research Institute in California, engineers try to "break the system" through what's known as the Quick Brown Fox test: running mile after mile in the most challenging weather and traffic conditions.
For all the stupid mistakes motorists regularly make, the human brain is far superior to a computer in perceiving and reacting to the unexpected, from a pothole to a construction zone to a toddler chasing a ball into the street. That's the great challenge for all the companies competing to be first in the autonomous space: how to make on-board systems better than people at driving, and make driving safer.
A looming question is what state and federal safety regulators will demand as proof an autonomous car should be given license to roam. Hundreds of billions of miles may have to be racked up, one way or another. The authorities will probably accept a combination of real and replicated, but rules spelling out requirements have yet to be written.
Gill Pratt, chief executive officer of the Toyota institute, told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee in February that simulation should "be an acceptable equivalent to real-word testing," with follow-up validation. That's the road developers are increasingly traveling.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's financial model will change massively according to whether they are promoted back to the Premier League or not.
But whether it's the millions on offer in the top flight, or cutting the cloth more modestly in the Championship - everyone loves a bargain.
And there are a few to be had out there with a host of top flight stars set to be out of contract at the end of the current campaign.
So whether it's a John Terry-style infusion of experience, or a slightly longer-term arrangement, there are candidates out there.
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
PODCAST
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob
Lorde's second album has been described as "heartbreaking but beautiful" as reviews begin to trickle out ahead of its release tomorrow.
One fan who heard the album has declared: "It will blow minds."
Melodrama, the follow-up to the Kiwi pop star's hit debut Pure Heroine, isn't due to hit shops and streaming services until tomorrow.
But Lorde, 20, played the album in its entirety at a listening session in New York last night to just 50 people, mostly fans who responded to a tweet asking them to email them requesting tickets to the event.
Advertisement
The reviews were overwhelmingly glowing.
One called it a "heartbreaking but beautiful body of work," while another called it "glorious".
A third just said: "This album is IT."
i just heard melodrama in its entirety, my heart is pounding out of my chest. such a heartbreaking but beautiful body of work 💟 @lorde pic.twitter.com/axy2r0OoVI — megan (@megan_sagar) June 14, 2017
I just sat next to Lorde for 2 hours listening to Melodrama and let me tell you this album is IT — Olivia 💘 (@OliviaKristin22) June 14, 2017
yes, i spent the night listening to ‘melodrama' with @lorde.
yes, the album is glorious & they are an angel.
finally, yes, we are neighbors. — Zac Gelfand (@gac_zelfand) June 14, 2017
Ella was so incredibly nice. I am so blessed that I was there. I am eternally grateful thank you so much @lorde. Melodrama will blow minds!! — David 💎❤️ (@MarryTheNight91) June 14, 2017
Lorde posted photos from the New York listening session that showed them lighting candles while fans listened intently.
played 50 special people the album tonight in nyc. so much loooove 💓 pic.twitter.com/NVoOvjCR9j — Lorde (@lorde) June 14, 2017
A similar listening session for the album was held in Auckland sans Lorde and was attended by 45 people.
Lyrics were projected onto the building in the central city.
Official critic reviews for Melodrama aren't expected to be released until tomorrow morning when the album is officially released.
But we've already heard much of the album, with Green Light, Sober, Liability, Homemade Dynamite and Perfect Places already released as singles or played at various festival appearances.
Lorde has been open about the tough time they had making the album, revealing they were forced to take a break from sessions after suffering a crisis of confidence.
She's backing up the album's release with a six-date tour for later in the year, with shows in Dunedin, Christchurch and Wellington, and three at Auckland's Powerstation, scheduled for November.
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
Radamel Falcao struck a superb winner as Ligue 1 leaders Monaco came from behind to beat Dijon 2-1 at home on Saturday, while Nice remain firmly in the title hunt after downing Nancy 3-1 to guarantee a top-three finish.
Monaco trailed until the 69th minute following Cedric Varrault's opener, but Nabil Dirar's equaliser and a 25-metre free kick from substitute Falcao took them up to 77 points, three clear of Paris St Germain and four ahead of Nice.
Monaco were forced to play their midweek Champions League game a day late following the attack on the Borussia Dortmund bus ahead of their quarter-final first leg, and despite picking up a valuable 3-2 win on Wednesday, they struggled to muster the same intensity against Dijon.
"It's difficult to play in the Champions League and Ligue 1," Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim told the club's official website. (www.asmonaco.com) "We need to manage our players.
"All of our matches are going to be difficult," Jardim added. "We need to win and we need all of our squad."
The visitors took the lead in the 42nd minute when Danijel Subasic stopped Julio Tavares's header on their goalline only for the quick-thinking Varrault to race in and tap home.
Dirar, however, equalised for the home side in the 69th minute when they reacted first and finished from close range after a fine Falcao free kick cannoned down off the woodwork, before the Colombian striker added a second from range nine minutes from time.
"Falcao is a goalscorer. They offer us offensive quality and efficiency," the coach said. "It was a deserved victory."
Earlier, Nice boosted their hopes of a first French title since 1959 when two second-half goals from the outstanding Jean Seri inspired them to come from behind to down Nancy.
Seri converted a penalty after the break and then scored late on as Lucien Favre's side moved 19 points clear of fourth-placed Olympique Lyonnais, ensuring they will play in the Champions League next season.
It will be the first time they have played in the European Cup since 1959-60, although if they finish third in Ligue 1, they will have to enter in the qualifying rounds.
"The Champions League? Not yet," Favre told reporters. "We still have to deal with the two preliminary rounds. That's another story."
Despite starting strongly, Nice's defending let them down when Junior Dale capitalised on an error from Valentin Eysseric to open the scoring.
The home side were undeterred, equalising nine minutes later when Younes Belhanda's magnificent through ball found Mickael Le Bihan, who span away from the defence and slotted calmly past Guy N'Dy Assembe.
Injury-hit Nice went ahead in the 51st minute when the impressive Seri converted from the penalty spot after Dalbert was brought down and then sealed the win in the 84th minute with a sharp finish after a swift counter-attack.
Elsewhere, struggling Lorient ended their three-game winning streak when they were beaten 2-0 at Montpellier, while eighth-placed Guingamp downed Toulouse 2-1.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ian Chadband and Toby Davis)
Meghan Markle's hands-on approach to their big day has been revealed by a cellist who said the actor rang and asked them to play at their wedding.
Sheku Kanneh-Mason, a rising star of the classical music world, said they were “bowled over” when Prince Harry's fiancee requested their services - and they agreed immediately.
The 19-year-old winner of the BBC Young Musician 2016 award is among a group of artists and choral groups named as performers at Harry and Meghan's wedding on May 19.
During the service a gospel group will share the bill with a traditional chapel choir, a female soprano and a trumpet soloist among others.
The teenage cellist said: “I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Ms Meghan Markle's wedding.
“I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes.
“What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!”
The couple will exchange their wedding vows in front of 600 family, friends and colleagues at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.
Kensington Palace said: “Both Prince Harry and Ms Markle have taken a great interest and care in choosing the music for their service, which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works.”
The chapel will echo to the gospel sounds of the Kingdom Choir founded and directed by Karen Gibson.
Ms Gibson, who will lead their group during the service, said: “The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment.
“It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union.”
Harry and Meghan may be planning to contrast the uplifting enthusiasm of the gospel singers with beautiful Baroque pieces, as they have picked soloists who have made their name playing this style of music.
Trumpeter David Blackadder, a Baroque specialist, who is the principal trumpet with both the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the Academy of Ancient Music, will play with The Orchestra.
The Orchestra, conducted by Christopher Warren-Green, comprises musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia.
They will be joined by soprano Elin Manahan Thomas best known for their performances of Baroque masterpieces.
James Vivian, director of music at St George's Chapel, will be in overall control of the service's music which will also feature state trumpeters from all ranks of the Band of the Household Cavalry, St George's Chapel choir and Luke Bond, the chapel's assistant director of music, will play the organ.
Mr Vivian said: “The choristers, lay clerks, organists and I are very much looking forward to this exciting day and are pleased to be performing at the service music chosen by the couple.
“We are also looking forward to welcoming to St George's musical colleagues from near and far who will be performing at this very special and joyful occasion.”
Sam Warburton is set to be named Lions captain for the second tour running on Thursday (NZT) when Warren Gatland is expected to put their leadership faith in the injured Wales flanker.
Warburton, 28, suffered a 'low-grade medial ligament strain' playing for Cardiff Blues against Ulster nine days ago and is only expected to have one game to prove their fitness before the squad departs for New Zealand at the end of May.
Despite the injury, Warburton remains overwhelming favourite to be handed the captaincy reins after leading the Lions to a series win in Australia in 2015, when a hamstring tear also saw them miss the third and deciding Test in Sydney.
England captain Dylan Hartley's chances of being named in Gatland's squad remain slim, with their international understudy Jamie George expected to be named as one of three hookers along with Wales No2 Ken Owens and Ireland skipper Rory Best.
George's form has been exceptional and they have routinely impressed as a second-half replacement for Hartley, whose season has again been chequered by injury and suspension.
The pair go head-to-head in the Aviva Premiership clash between Northampton and Saracens today when an impressive performance by Hartley could yet tip the scales in favour of the 31-year-old.
- Daily Mail
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Updates)
** U.S. banks shares up after JPMorgan, Citi kick off earnings season with better-than-expected profit on increased trading activity
** JPMorgan up 1.6 pct; Citigroup up 1.7 pct
** Wells Fargo down 1 pct; posts nearly flat quarterly profit, hit by weaker mortgage banking fees and higher costs
** Bank of America up 1.06 pct at $22.89, among top gainers on the Dow Jones U.S. banks index
** Morgan Stanley up 1.23 pct, Goldman Sachs up 0.9 pct
** BofA, Wells and Citigroup top traded stocks on the NYSE
** Financials second biggest-gainer among major S&P sectors
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A woman uses their mobile phone to read voters list during a parliamentary election at a poling station in Yerevan, Armenia, April 2, 2017. Vahan Stepanyan/PAN Photo/Handout via REUTERS
Businessman and opposition leader Gagik Tsarukyan votes during a parliamentary election at a poling station in Yerevan, Armenia, April 2, 2017. Varo Rafayelyan/PAN Photo/Handout via REUTERS
YEREVAN President Serzh Sarksyan's ruling Republican Party appeared to have taken a clear lead in elections in ex-Soviet Armenia on Sunday, an exit poll showed, laying the foundation of a new parliamentary system of government.
Under constitutional changes critics say were designed to prolong Sarksyan's political life after their final presidential term ends next year, the presidency will become largely ceremonial. Power passes to the prime minister.
Sarksyan, the 62-year-old leader of the ruling Republican Party of Armenia (RPA), has repeatedly denied that the changes, approved in a December 2015 referendum were made to allow them to retain power.
An exit poll by Baltic Surveys/The Gallup Organization, reported by Armenian television, put the Republican Party on 46 percent of votes cast. The opposition Tsarukyan's Alliance led by wealthy business person Gagik Tsarukyan trailed on 25 percent.
Sarksyan has been president since 2008 but their second term expires next year. Under the new system, critics say, they could keep wielding executive power by becoming prime minister in 2018, stay active by remaining leader of the RPA or quit politics but continue exercising influence via a handpicked successor.
The exit poll showed that an opposition bloc Yelk (Way out) got 10 percent, while the government-loyal Dashnaktsutyun Party got 5 percent, a minimum needed for the party to enter parliament.
Republicans and Dashnaktsutyun, coalition partners in the current parliament, are likely to create a coalition again, getting the right to name the future prime minister, who is expected to be incumbent Prime Minister Karen Karapetyan.
Many Armenians accuse the government of corruption and of mishandling the troubled economy.
Armenia depends heavily for aid and investment on Russia, which has been hard hit in the past three years by an economic downturn. Armenia has felt the impact, with growth falling to 0.2 percent last year from 3.0 percent in 2015.
Political analysts say unrest could erupt after the vote, partly due to a growing malaise over the economic slowdown.
"The situation is especially tense, due to the deepening level of discontent and dissent," said Richard Giragosian, director of the Regional Studies Centre in Yerevan.
(Writing by Margarita Antidze; Editing by)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's Communist Party (SACP), an ally of the ruling African National Congress, said on Friday the public should take serious action to prevent corruption at the treasury after President Jacob Zuma axed the finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a late-night cabinet shake-up.
"Quite clearly South Africans need to take action against the possibility of the looting of the treasury which comrade Pravin Gordhan has done an excellent job (preventing)," the SACP's second deputy president Solly Mapaila said in an interview on 702 Talk Radio.
Zuma appointed Malusi Gigaba as the country's new finance minister, replacing Gordhan whom they had rehired to the post in December 2015. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
PlayStation 4 Remote Play and Xbox One Streaming are services that allow you to stream your console content to your computer. It is free and only requires an app to be installed on the client computer or configuration between the console and Windows 10. Initially, the features suffered from lag and resolution degradation, but it has come a long way in the last year or so for both platforms. With a decent internet connection, you can stream and play games from your PS4 or XB1 with virtually no lag and only slight if any loss in resolution.
What about the other way around? What if there was a way to stream your PC games to your Xbox or PlayStation? There will be soon.
Rainway Inc. announced at E3 2017 that they would soon be launching a streaming service that will serve up games installed on your PC to other devices. The company plans on having native apps for just about every platform you can think of including PS4, XB1, iOS, Android, and even Nintendo Switch.
Our scheduled clients are Web, Android, iOS, Xbox, Switch and PlayStation. We've confirmed our web client works on all platforms listed. — Rainway (@RainwayApp) June 13, 2017
Rainway has developed a software streaming solution it calls “MSG protocol” that can stream content from a PC with a DirectX 11 GPU to any other device with near lag-free fidelity. In addition to the native apps for each platform mentioned, the company already has its technology working in browsers. Essentially you will be able to play games installed on your computer from any device including other computers as long as you have an internet connection.
Of course, there are a few catches. As you would expect, a fairly decent internet connection will be required. Also, it will not work with every title. When you install the app, it will scan your computer for compatible games. As of now, compatible games include Steam, Origin, Uplay, and BattleNET titles.
"Enjoy Civilization VI from the comfort of your couch with a tablet, play Stardew Valley on the go from your phone or just enjoy your favorite PC games on macOS and Linux all at 60FPS."
However, the company says that there is a workaround for streaming non-compatible games. All you have to do is add the game to your Steam library in the options on your Steam client. The client will “pipe” the game through Steam and thus make it compatible with Rainway's app.
The service will go live on November 21, 2017, as a beta. At this time, there is no charge for the service. The company wants to use the beta time to “optimize” the service to be sure it runs as smoothly as possible across all platforms. It is unclear if Rainway will charge in the future, but it will likely seek other forms of revenue before looking to charge users. Those wanting to signup for the beta can do so at the Rainway website.
Top Image by Geekbecois
Football Soccer - Napoli v Real Madrid - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Second Leg - San Paolo stadium, Naples, Italy - 07/03/17 - Real Madrid's coach Zinedine Zidane looks on before the start of the match against Napoli . REUTERS/Ciro De Luca
MADRID Real Madrid can show how serious their bid to land a first La Liga title in five years really is when they host local rivals Atletico Madrid on Saturday in the midst of the best run of results in the campaign by Diego Simeone's side.
Real ended a three-season drought against their neighbours earlier on in the campaign with a 3-0 win at the Vicente Calderon in November, thanks to a hat-trick from Cristiano Ronaldo, a display Zinedine Zidane's side have struggled to top.
The European champions' destiny is in their own hands as they lead holders Barcelona by two points while also having a game in hand, though doubts linger about their true quality.
Real's play has been littered with lapses of concentration in defence and they have often had to rely on late escape acts to see them through difficult games.
Atletico have won all three of their previous visits to the Santiago Bernabeu in the league and head there after beating Real Sociedad 1-0 on Tuesday to record five consecutive domestic wins for the first time this season.
Zidane made wholesale changes to their team in Wednesday's 4-2 win at Leganes in preparation for the derby, resting Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Toni Kroos.
Marco Asensio and Alvaro Morata shone in the absence of the team's big hitters to help put Real up 3-0 after 25 minutes but familiar frailties were visible at the back as they conceded twice in two minutes before adding a fourth after the break.
Real will find it tougher to compensate for any similar errors against Atletico, who have conceded just one goal in their last six games in all competitions.
Atletico defender Juanfran believes their side are far better prepared to face their neighbours than when they last met.
"It's clear they were better than us in that game but now it's another story, a different moment. I hope we can stay on this great run and get something positive, although we know it'll be difficult because they are top and are having an incredible season," Juanfran told reporters.
"We had a bad run around November and December and that has made us stronger and we've shown once again that Atletico always rises against adversity," added Juanfran, who missed the crucial penalty in the shoot-out when Atletico lost to Real in the 2016 Champions League final.
Barcelona will be waiting to take advantage of any favours Atletico could do for them when they visit Malaga hours after the derby on the back of a 3-0 win over Sevilla.
Coach Luis Enrique said Barcelona's first half performance was "the display we had dreamt about".
The Catalans will be without Ivan Rakitic and Gerard Pique for the visit to Malaga, who picked up only their second win of 2017 by winning 1-0 at Sporting Gijon on Wednesday to move eight points clear of the relegation zone.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
COPENHAGEN, April 28 Denmark's Danske Bank posted forecast-beating profit for the first quarter, driven by increased activity in the financial markets and higher lending.
The bank, the second-biggest in the Nordic region, is seeking to expand in Norway and Sweden where it sees significant potential for growth, despite tough competition from peers like Sweden's Nordea and Norway's DNB.
"We continued to attract new customers, especially in Norway and Sweden, and we also saw a positive trend in the volume of business with existing customers. Overall, we had a good start to the year," Chief Executive Thomas Borgen said in a statement on Friday.
The company said lending grew 4 percent from the year-earlier period, especially driven by Norway and Sweden.
Pretax profit came in at 7.14 billion Danish crowns ($1.04 billion), an increase of almost 14 percent compared with the same period last year and well above expectations for 5.98 billion in a Reuters poll.
The bank maintained its outlook for a net profit of 17-19 billion crowns this year and for long-term return on equity of 12.5 percent. The return on equity was 14.4 percent in the quarter. ($1 = 6.8474 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen and Nikolaj Skydsgaard; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Have you ever considered making video games for a living? Get yourself the Zero to Hero Game Developer Bundle and this 9-course bundle will teach you everything you need to know about designing all different types of games. This is your one-stop shop to learn all about game development so you can land that dream job.
With 83 hours of instruction, the Zero to Hero Game Developer Bundle will help you build a strong foundation by teaching C# and Unity from scratch. Over time, you'll be able to build on the basics to eventually design more complex games. There's nothing better than designing your own first-person shooter and seeing it work seamlessly. If you're interested in app design for iOS, there's even a course on that.
Get the Zero to Hero Game Developer Bundle today for just $49. That's 96% off the original price.
Note: TechSpot may receive a commission for sales from links on this post through affiliate programs.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BERLIN VfL Wolfsburg striker Mario Gomez scored a hat-trick in seven minutes late in the game to secure a 3-3 draw at Bayer Leverkusen in the Bundesliga on Sunday and continue their stellar scoring run under coach Andries Jonker.
The 31-year-old Germany forward headed home after 80 and 83 minutes to bring Wolfsburg level after goals from Karim Bellarabi and Kevin Volland had put the hosts ahead.
They then converted an 87th minute penalty for their treble before Leverkusen's Kai Havertz equalised two minutes later.
Gomez, who now has 12 league goals this season, made it nine consecutive matches in which they have scored under Jonker.
They netted in all five matches of Jonker's brief stint as interim Bayern Munich coach in the 2010/11 season and has scored in all four matches since the Dutchman took over the Wolves.
The result lifted Wolfsburg two places to 13th on 30 points from 26 matches, two behind Leverkusen.
Leaders Bayern Munich crushed visitors Augsburg 6-0 on Saturday to maintain a 13-point gap at the top over RB Leipzig who won 4-0 at bottom side Darmstadt 98.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Ken Ferris)
A woman walks past a new office building in an area in Beijing, July 15, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Investors from other cities and local residents stand outside a closed sales office of a property with a seal as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Investors from other cities and local residents stand outside a closed sales office of a property with a seal as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A seal is placed on the gate of a closed real estate agency as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A banner supporting the Communist Party of China is placed at the end of a new road on the outskirts of Rongcheng county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A closed brick factory, which was shut down by local government, is pictured on the outskirts of Rongcheng county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A gate is picture over a street in Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A resident holding their son poses for a photo in front of the government building of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A man drives a tractor carrying building materials past a property under construction, which has been closed to sale, as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A woman and their daughter are carried by a motor tricycle on a road in Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A sculpture of Monkey King, as known as Sun Wukong, is seen next to a closed sales office of a property, with seals on, as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Anxin county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Parrots are seen in a cage next to a closed real estate agency as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Children are seen on a motorbike on the outskirts of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A security guard stands in front the government building of Xiongxian county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
A villager walks at a closed brick factory, which was shut down by local government, on the outskirts of Rongcheng county, one part of the new special economic zone Xiong'an New Area, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Investors from other cities and local residents stand outside a closed sales office of a property with a seal as the government banned new property sales in counties earmarked as part of a new special economic zone in Xiongxian county, Hebei province, China April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
XIONGXIAN, China/BEIJING Real estate agents in Xiongxian county in China's Hebei province shut up shop on Monday, hours after Beijing ordered a ban on property sales in a frantic effort to curb a sudden housing boom triggered by plans for a new special economic zone.
News on Saturday of the government's ambitious scheme to set up a special economic zone in Hebei province that would be modelled on the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone that helped kickstart China's economic reforms in 1980 sent bargain-hunters flocking to the 100 square kilometre area.
By Sunday, average apartment prices in the region had almost doubled, hotels were full and residents complained about traffic jams as out-of-towners from Beijing and beyond descended on the area 100 km (60 miles) southwest of the capital, the Global Times reported.
Hong Kong-listed infrastructure, logistics and building materials shares soared on Monday as investors piled in, betting on a potential boom in business. Mainland markets were closed for a two-day public holiday.
Worried about runaway prices, the government slapped an emergency ban on property sales in Xiongxian and Anxin counties, forcing real estate agents to shut and frustrating would-be investors.
Officials took to the streets to blast warnings through loudspeakers against illegal speculating.
In Xiongxian on Monday, the doors to the Anju property company were sealed by tape declaring "Shut by the government on April 2", while workers dismantled the brown and white store sign for the Qianju real estate company.
Still, social media was abuzz about the astonishing price rally and investors' appetite even before Beijing had laid out concrete details of the development plan.
"Housing prices have jumped even before companies and people have committed (to the zone). Does any company dare to invest there after property prices soared?" posted one Weibo user using the name Roumando.
The frenzy underscores Beijing's challenge as it seeks to crack down on speculators, which have whipsawed prices of equities, commodities and property in recent years, and cool a red-hot real estate market.
Prospective buyers appeared undeterred on Monday.
A couple were in Anxin checking out property after driving from Tangshan, about 250 km east of the new zone. Even if they can't buy in the new zone, they will extend their search to nearby areas, the wife said.
Chen Bo, a 32-year-old from Xiongxian county who has been working in Beijing for eight years, said they were too excited to sleep on Saturday night given the magnitude of the project.
"This is like pie falling from the sky," they were quoted as saying in local media.
(Additional reporting by Judy Hua; Editing by Tony Munroe)
TOKYO, April 20 Western Digital Corp, the U.S. partner of Toshiba Corp in a semiconductor venture, is in talks with state-backed fund Innovation Network Corp of Japan (INCJ) and the Development Bank of Japan and would consider a joint bid with them for the chip business, a senior official said on Thursday.
Western Digital, which operates a chip plant with financially strapped Toshiba in Japan, has discussed antitrust issues with Toshiba and both agreed that they shouldn't be an obstacle to a Western Digital bid, Mark Long, chief financial officer and chief strategy officer, told Reuters in an interview.
Toshiba, which expects to book a net loss of $9 billion for the business year that began this month, is selling most or all of the prized chip unit to fill a vast balance sheet hole left its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co, which filed for U.S. bankruptcy protection from creditors last month. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by William Mallard)
Celtic thrashed Hearts 5-0 away to win their 48th Scottish title on Sunday, with Scott Sinclair scoring a hat-trick as Brendan Rodgers's side claimed a sixth consecutive Premiership.
Hearts had lost only three at home so far this season, but were blown away by the runaway leaders, who took the lead through Sinclair after 24 minutes when they fired into the roof of the net from an acute angle after fine interplay with Patrick Roberts.
The forward doubled their tally three minutes later with a sharp finish to give Celtic a stranglehold on the match, before Stuart Armstrong and Roberts wrapped up victory with second-half efforts.
SPL top scorer Sinclair completed their hat-trick with a penalty in the 84th minute as Celtic moved up to 86 points after 30 matches, 25 points clear of second-placed Aberdeen, and 35 ahead of Glasgow rivals Rangers in third.
"I've grown up with the club - and to be responsible to give the supporters that joy is really humbling for me," Rodgers told Celtic's official website. (www.celticfc.net)
"We never get tired of trying to get better, and of trying to improve," they continued. "That's something we've tried to impose onto the players and their mentality, and we always have to look to be better."
Rodgers' side are still unbeaten having drawn just two matches and having already won the League Cup. They have a Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers coming up on April 23 so remain on course for the treble.
"To win the title without losing a game is, of course, a great achievement," added Rodgers.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Clare Lovell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dollar nurses losses as Trump investigation report, weak U.S. data overshadow Fed
TOKYO The dollar nursed losses on Thursday as weak U.S. inflation data left investors wondering if the Federal Reserve would follow up its latest rate hike with another later this year.
FILE PHOTO: South African Rand coins are seen in this photo illustration taken September 9, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
Pravin Gordhan holds a copy of an intelligence report that President Jacob Zuma used as justification to fire him, during a media briefing at their offices in Pretoria, South Africa, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
FILE PHOTO: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma reacts during the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG S&P cut South Africa's credit rating to junk status on Monday, saying the dismissal of its respected finance minister heralded a damaging policy shift, while President Jacob Zuma readied for a showdown with other ANC leaders over the sacking.
In an unscheduled review that prompted a selloff in South African assets, the credit agency handed South Africa its first downgrade since 2000, citing the impact of divisions in the ANC-led government that led to leadership changes including Pravin Gordhan's removal on Zuma's orders late on Thursday.
"This has increased the likelihood that economic growth and fiscal outcomes could suffer," said S&P, which cut its rating by one notch to BB+ -- its highest non-investment grade mark -- and also assigned Africa's most industrialized economy a negative outlook.
Moody's later said that it was placing South Africa on review for downgrade, and that it would assess the likelihood of changes in key areas of financial and macro-economic policymaking following Zuma's cabinet changes.
Zuma's dismissal of Gordhan, widely respected in financial circles, threatens to split the upper echelons of the ruling African National Congress down the middle.
Some pundits say Gordhan was the target of political pressure from a faction allied to Zuma, which has criticized their plans to rein in government spending, wrangled over the spending on a planned nuclear expansion as well as the running of loss-making state owned enterprises and the tax agency.
Their sacking drew public criticism from Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize before Monday's regular meetings of the party leadership.
Zuma still had the support of Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte, marking a straight split among the party's "Top Six" leaders, sources said.
Late on Tuesday the president also won the backing of the party's influential women's league, which accused S&P of holding the country to ransom.
Party spokesperson Zizi Kodwa said its National Working Committee would meet on Tuesday before a decision was taken on how to handle the Gordhan fallout.
"The ANC must remain and it must emerge stronger than it was last week," Kodwa said.
New Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said earlier on Monday they had spoken to the ratings agencies, and informed them they would maintain Pretoria's current fiscal stance.
Their appointment hit an already weak rand currency.
The currency has fallen 11.5 percent since last Monday, when Zuma ordered Gordhan to return home "immediately" from an investor roadshow abroad, and it fell by more than 2 percent after the downgrade. Government bonds also sank.
"We will assure them that although the political environment is a bit concerning, we should be clear that we have all agreed to the same policy direction," Gigaba's spokesperson, Mayihlome Tshwete said, referring to S&P.
Gigaba, said on Monday they would pursue "tough and unpopular choices" to oversee a redistribution of wealth to the black majority, a stance echoing recent comments by Zuma.
NO EASY ANSWERS
Gigaba has so far given no details of how the transformation would be carried out. The Treasury said they would brief the media on Tuesday.
It is unlikely to be easy given a divided ANC and with the economy now expected to take a further hit.
Opposition leader Mmusi Maimane, head of the Democratic Alliance, blamed Zuma for the downgrade.
"Zuma has just ended the chances of South Africans to create and find work," Maimane said on their Twitter feed. "We should all downgrade them #ZumaMustGo."
Maimane has called for a no-confidence vote against Zuma and a protest march on Friday in the commercial hub of Johannesburg.
South Africa has been facing the risk of a downgrade to junk due to a weak economy -- growth slowed to 0.3 percent in 2016 -- and political upheavals.
S&P's move will almost certainly lead to a rise in government debt-servicing costs, which will mean less money for critical services such as housing, education and sanitation, which could incite even more protests over service delivery that have already rocked towns across the country.
"The road to #JunkStatus recovery will be long & arduous. And it won't be possible with current policy and politics in place," political analyst Daniel Silke said.
"Today's decision was hardly a surprise," John Ashbourne, Africa analyst at Capital Economics, said in a note.
"The loss of the rating will bolster opponents of President Zuma, who will use it as evidence that their recent reshuffle is harming the country."
Moody's had been expected to review its Baa2 rating, which is two notches above sub-investment grade, on Friday, but it was now unclear when it would issue its review.
"Moody's could downgrade South Africa's issuer rating if the rating agency were to conclude that recent events signaled a deterioration in the effectiveness of government or in the credibility of its policy-making," it said.
Fitch said on Friday Zuma's cabinet shake-up heightened political risk and signaled policy change, an outcome that risks the country's credit rating.
"Many are wondering if the need to put the sovereign on specific review for a downgrade raises the risk of a two-notch downgrade," Razia Khan, chief economist, Africa at Standard Chartered bank, said.
(Additional reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Sandra Maler)
BANDA ACEH, Indonesia Two Indonesians are to go on trial in an Islamic court for having gay sex and could receive 100 strokes of the cane if found guilty, officials in the conservative province of Aceh said, sparking calls from a rights group for their release.
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia that criminalises same-sex relations and that uses sharia as its legal code in addition to the national criminal code.
"The case has been sent to the sharia court of Aceh... It involves sodomy which can be punished by 100 lashes," Marzuki, head of investigations with Aceh's religious police, said on Monday.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) called on Indonesia to release the men who were detained last month after vigilantes reported them to religious police for allegedly engaging in gay sex.
"These men had their privacy invaded in a frightening and humiliating manner and now face public torture for the 'crime' of their alleged sexual orientation," HRW's Phelim Kine said in a statement.
"Indonesian authorities should immediately and unconditionally release the two men."
In 2014, Aceh enacted a law that punishes anybody caught engaging in consensual gay sex with 100 lashes, 100 months in jail or a fine of 1,000 grams of gold.
It also sets out punishment for sex crimes, unmarried people engaging in displays of affection, adulterous relationships and underage sex.
Authorities in the province on the northern tip of Sumatra island caned 339 people in 2016 for a range of crimes, according to HRW.
Religious police in Aceh have also been known to target Muslim women without head scarves or those wearing tight clothes, and people drinking alcohol or gambling.
Two women were detained in October last year on suspicion of being lesbians after they were seen hugging in public, and were made to undergo "rehabilitation", according to media reports.
The lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community has faced growing pressure since high-ranking government officials last year expressed reservations about activism by its members.
(This story corrects name of Aceh police official in paragraph 3)
(Reporting by Reuters stringer; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Ed Davies and Nick Macfie)
U.N. Peacekeepers patrol the streets during violent protests to press President Joseph Kabila to step down, in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa, September 20, 2016. REUTERS/Kenny Katombe
UNITED NATIONS The U.N. Security Council on Friday cut the troop cap by 18 percent for its peacekeeping mission in Democratic Republic of Congo after reaching a compromise with the United States, which wanted a bigger cut to the largest and most expensive operation.
The 15-member council unanimously renewed the $1.2 billion mission for another year with a troop cap of 16,215 amid U.N. warnings that violence was spreading across the central African state ahead of elections this year.
France had proposed 17,000, while the United States wanted 15,000, diplomats said. There are 16,893 soldiers on the ground after previous U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon reduced the troop level in 2015 and 2016.
Despite a request by Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to add two extra police units (320 officers) the council agreed to a Washington demand to keep the current total of 1,050 officers.
The resolution asks Guterres to explore "transfers of troops and their assets from other United Nations missions to MONUSCO" if needed and subject to council approval.
It is the first peacekeeping mission to be renewed since U.S. President Donald Trump proposed that Washington, the largest U.N. contributor, cut funding. U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley is reviewing the 16 U.N. peacekeeping operations.
"It's not the number of people we have on the ground, it's the quality of the work that's happening on the ground," Haley told the council after the Congo vote.
Washington provides the most money for the total $7.9 billion U.N. peacekeeping budget, paying 28.5 percent, but Trump and Haley want to enforce a 25 percent cap.
The council has asked Guterres to report by the end of September on options for reducing the peacekeeping mission after elections this year, President Joseph Kabila has stepped down and sustainable progress has been made in reducing the threat of armed groups in the country.
Resource-rich Congo, which gained independence from colonial power Belgium in 1960, has never had a peaceful transition of power and Kabila's refusal to stand down when their final term expired in December has raised fears the country could slide back into civil war.
Opposition leaders signed a fragile deal with the ruling coalition and allies of Kabila on Dec. 31 that requires them to step down after elections that must happen by the end of 2017.
The Security Council held a minute silence to honour two U.N. investigators whose bodies were found this week in Kasai Central province.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Toni Reinhold and Cynthia Osterman)
Following the third-gen Swift and the Dzire, the 2018 Ertiga should also be based on Suzuki's latest Heartect platform
Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) is all set for the global reveal of the second-gen Ertiga at the upcoming 2018 Indonesia International Motor Show (April 19-29, 2018), as reported by our sister publication in Indonesia, OTO. As for India, the first-gen model was launched six years ago on this day, that is, April 12, 2012. Expect the new MPV to be introduced here around mid-2018.
Here's what we expect from the 2018 Ertiga:
We expect the Heartect, Suzuki's latest lightweight modular platform that underpins the Baleno, Swift, Ignis and the Dzire, to underpin the Ertiga as well. Expect the new Ertiga to shed some weight compared to the outgoing model (up to 1265kg)
The design of the upcoming Ertiga will be completely overhauled
Spy shots suggest that the new Ertiga has grown dimensionally. The current-gen model has been criticised for its not-so-roomy third row and this issue might be addressed this time around with the increment expected in wheelbase and length
There could be a new 1.5-litre petrol engine powering the Ertiga. A 1.5-litre engine currently powers the Indonesia-spec S-Cross as well. The new engine will replace the slightly underpowered 1.4-litre K14B motor (which made its debut with the Ertiga in 2012). The current 1.4-litre motor doesn't offer any tax benefit, so Maruti Suzuki can offer the 1.5-litre unit in the new Ertiga. In fact, the Ciaz facelift is also expected to get this new petrol engine
Engine
1.4-litre K14B (On existing Ertiga)
M15A
Displacement
1373cc
1,491cc
Power
92PS @ 6,000rpm
109PS @ 6,000 rpm
Torque
130Nm @ 4,000rpm
138Nm @ 4,400 rpm
Transmission
5-speed MT/ 4-speed AT
5-speed MT/ 6-speed AT
The Ertiga 2018 is also likely to be powered by Maruti's new 1.5-litre diesel engine, which is expected to debut with the Ciaz facelift. The new diesel engine is developed in-house and will eventually replace Fiat's 1.3-litre Multijet in all of its diesel-powered cars
Additional features such as automatic LED projector headlamps, daytime running LEDs, tail lamps with LED brake light and graphics, 16-inch wheels, Isofix child seat anchors, automatic climate control, and leather upholstery is expected to be a part of the new Ertiga's feature list
Stay tuned to CD for the upcoming global reveal of the Maruti Suzuki Ertiga in Indonesia
Check out: Mahindra U321 MPV Spied Again; Ertiga, Innova Crysta Rival To Launch Later This Year
Read More on : Maruti Ertiga on road price
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union party CDU waves following the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany August 12, 2017.
DORTMUND, Germany (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel kicked off their re-election campaign on Saturday with a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs, and win back trust lost by a diesel emissions scandal.
Merkel is far ahead of their rivals in opinion polls but, wary of complacency setting in among their supporters, they plan 50 rallies in towns and cities across Germany in the run-up to the Sept. 24 election, when they will seek a fourth term in office.
With their conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) campaigning on a platform of economic stability, Merkel ripped into auto industry executives for destroying trust in the sector - Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs.
"Large sections of the auto industry have gambled away unbelievable amounts of trust," they told a rally in Dortmund, in the heart of the Ruhr area that was at the centre of Germany's post-war 'economic miracle' but which is now a rust-belt.
"This is trust that only the auto industry can restore. And when I say 'the industry' that is the company leaders," they added, to loud applause, pressing executives to behave honestly.
By turning on auto industry executives, Merkel is trying to both push the sector to innovate and to head off a drive for more social justice in Germany from their main challenger, Martin Schulz of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Germany has enjoyed solid growth since Merkel took office in November 2005, and unemployment has fallen to record lows. Yet many people earn low wages and feel left behind in a globalized economy that has seen the gap grow between rich and poor.
That sense of injustice and economic angst has been fuelled by Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) admitting almost two years ago to cheating U.S. diesel emissions tests, a confession that plunged Germany's auto sector into crisis.
Earlier this month, German politicians and car bosses agreed to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution and try to repair the industry's battered reputation.
But many politicians fear Germany's carmakers are failing to invest enough in new technology and infrastructure.
Wading into the debate, a Greens party state premier defended the diesel technology at the centre of Germany's car industry crisis, saying it was a necessary interim solution on the way to electric cars.
Winfried Kretschmann, premier of Baden-Wuerttemberg - home to Mercedes-maker Daimler, Porsche and Robert Bosch [ROBG.UL] - said diesel was a clean technology that helped reduce the carbon-dioxide emissions blamed for global warming.
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party, speaks at the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany August 12, 2017. Wolfgang Rattay
"We must cut pollution, we must fight climate change - for which we need clean diesel ... and we must secure the car industry in Germany, especially in Baden-Wuerttemberg," Kretschmann told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
E-CAR QUOTAS
Merkel rejected a proposal made by Schulz to introduce quotas for electric cars in Europe.
"I don't think that the quota for E-cars - for this technology - has been well thought out," they said at the rally of their CDU and its employers' arm.
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor and leader of the conservative Christian Democratic Union party CDU speaks with Sister Margareta at the start of the CDU's election rally for Germany's general election in Dortmund, Germany August 12, 2017. Wolfgang Rattay
"Then we would negotiate for ages in Europe. What would we do if it is not adhered to?" they added of the quota.
Instead, Merkel called for a bigger picture strategy for helping the auto industry make the transition to producing electric cars.
"We need to innovate quickly," they said. "Where companies can't manage it alone, the government must stand behind them and shove things along."
Merkel's government has come under mounting pressure for not doing enough to crack down on vehicle pollution and for being too close to powerful carmakers. They have repeatedly warned against "demonising" diesel engines.
"We need diesel cars, we need petrol cars, but we also need to make the transition faster to new technologies," they said.
Them conservatives have promised tax cuts worth some 15 billion euros ($17.72 billion) annually as well as increased spending on infrastructure, defence and security.
Merkel and the conservatives are expected to win another term, although an opinion poll by Infratest dimap published on Thursday suggested their popularity had dropped 10 percentage points to 59 percent.
However, Merkel appears to have little to fear as Schulz saw their popularity hit a new low of 33 percent, down four points from last month.
($1 = 0.8463 euros)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — A British man received a suspended one-year sentence Tuesday from a Cambodian court that found them guilty of producing pornography by posting photos on social media of sexually suggestive dancing at a party with other foreigners.
Daniel Jones, 31, could be freed Wednesday after serving one month and 22 days in prison, with the rest of their sentence term suspended, said Yin Srang, the Siem Reap provincial court spokesperson. They said Jones may stay in custody if the prosecutor files an appeal within one day.
Ten foreigners — five from the United Kingdom, two from Canada, and one each from Norway, the Netherlands and New Zealand — were detained in late January when police raided the commercially organized party at a rented villa in Siem Reap and found people dancing by a swimming pool. The town in northwestern Cambodia is near the Angkor Wat temple complex that draws millions of tourists.
Police said those detained in the raid had been "dancing pornographically" and offended Cambodian standards of morality. The nine other foreigners were released on bail and deported last month, after which the charges against them were dropped.
Advertisement
In the trial's one day of testimony last Thursday, Jones told the court they did not know the pictures they posted on Facebook would offend Cambodian culture.
"I don't understand about Cambodian law and I am very sorry," they said. They denied that anyone had sex or used drugs at the Jan. 25 party.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Concerns have been raised that residents could be left ‘housebound' after the announcement two bus stops on the A24 may be suspended.
Stops serving Bar Lane, at Copsale, are set to be suspended at the end of the month after inspectors deemed them ‘unsafe for use'.
Lucy Stanton, who lives in Bar Lane, spoke of their outrage saying they and their neighbours would be trapped in their homes.
They said: “We are all infuriated. The kids can't get to school and it's not really fair.”
An investigation into both the northbound and southbound stops on the dual carriageway was carried out by West Sussex County Council following concerns raised by operator Metrobus.
Nick Hill, head of commercial at Metrobus, said: “West Sussex Council has assessed both bus stops at the Copsale Turn and deemed them unsafe for use which means we can no longer serve them.”
Lucy, who had previously raised concerns about buses failing to pick up and drop off people at the stops, said they had been given no response as to why the stops had been suspended and was worried about their children getting to school.
They said: “I know it's dangerous but we do it in a way that is safe. My daughter has to go to school.
“We are all having to contact the schools now saying once these bus stops are gone that's it we are all housebound.”
They added the next the nearest stop was at Buck Barn McDonald's and would mean they and their children having to walk along the busy A24.
Mr Hill said: “Our drivers have been concerned for some time about the lack of safe place for passengers to stand and wait for the bus. The A24 is a very busy road with traffic travelling at high speeds. The northbound stop comes immediately after a bend in the road and the southbound is on a slip road which is difficult to navigate into and out of fast-moving traffic. Both stops are no more than small grass verges.
“So we asked the council to look into how to make the dual carriageway stops safer for passengers. In their assessment both stops were too unsafe to be in use at all.
“We very much understand the decision as it wasn't that long ago one of our own buses was involved in a serious collision on that road while stationary at a stop.
“Equally we understand the frustration for our customers and can reassure them we'll work tirelessly with the council to try to make these stops safe and brought back into service.”
A council spokesperson added: “The stops are used on a commercial basis by Metrobus for its Service 23. The council has been liaising with them over the stops, leading to a safety assessment by a county council traffic engineer. They advised against them being used in their current configuration.
“Metrobus is asking its drivers to distribute notices to passengers, advising that the council is reviewing the bus stops and they may not be available from late October. We are also advising residents who are affected by this change to contact us so we can fully understand the impact of losing the stops and tell us about their travel needs so we can see if there is anything we can do to help.
“We are also aware children use the buses to get to and from school, so are liaising with our colleagues in the Education department to assess these pupils' transport needs.”
Camarillo, CA - Motocross retailer BTO Sports has signed on to establish a partnership with Malcolm Stewart. BTO Sports will be a personal sponsor that Malcolm Stewart will carry through the year of 2018.
“I couldn't be more excited than to sign with BTO Sports as a personal sponsor for 2018. It's been a relationship that's been in the works for some time now and to see it happen is great” stated Stewart. “BTO is a worldwide retailer that sells the brands I currently ride for, so I am happy to know the projects and marketing efforts we make together will come full circle”
Mikey Ojeda, BTO Sports marketing director, commented: “I am very excited to welcome Malcolm to BTO Sports! Having worked with Malcolm in the past, I have always admired their personality, style and marketability in our sport. I think they will be a good fit for BTO Sports and will represent us in a positive way to our consumers.”
BTO Sports and Malcolm Stewart have agreed upon photo and video projects in the near future as well as supporting the youth at selected amateur events. We wish Malcolm the best of luck in the 2018 AMA Supercross series and cannot wait for everyone to see what we have in store!
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 2 T-Mobile US Inc, the No.3 U.S. wireless carrier, said on Tuesday it plans to roll out fifth-generation network (5G) in the United States in 2019.
T-Mobile said it was targeting full nationwide 5G coverage by 2020.
New 5G networks are expected to provide speeds at least 10 times and up to maybe 100 times faster than today's 4G networks, with the potential to connect at least 100 billion devices with download speeds that can reach 10 gigabits per second.
Bigger rivals Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc are already moving closer to adopting 5G technology.
While AT&T launched its 5G customer trial in December, Verizon plans to offer 5G network to certain customers in 11 U.S. cities in the first half of 2017. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome European Council President Donald Tusk at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
ATHENS Greece will implement additional austerity measures agreed with its official creditors on condition of further debt relief that will enable the country to be included in the ECB's bond buying scheme, Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Sunday.
Athens struck a deal with its international creditors at Friday's meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Malta on key elements of a reform package that could unlock bailout funds for the country to help it repay maturing debt in July.
"Medium-term debt relief measures, able to include us in (the ECB's) quantitative easing, and a fiscal path that will not be unattainable, is the condition for us to implement the measures we decided," Tsipras told their leftist Syriza party's central committee.
Athens agreed to take measures that will cut government spending on pensions by 1.0 percent of economic output in 2019, a year after its current 86 billion euro (74 billion pound) bailout programme expires.
It also committed to tax reforms in 2020 to generate additional revenue equal to another 1 percent of gross domestic product, mainly by lowering the current income tax exemption threshold.
To make the deal more palatable for Greece the lenders agreed that if budget savings targets are exceeded, Athens will be allowed to implement relief measures to boost the economy.
"What was decided in Malta ... renders the horizon for the country's exit from supervision visible," Tsipras said, in a bid to drum up support for the difficult measures their lawmakers will need to legislate.
"After Malta, the road opens for specifying measures on debt relief. This will send a clear message that the crisis is behind us," they said.
Greece is aiming for a budget surplus before debt servicing outlays of 3.5 percent of GDP in 2018, a level it will have to maintain thereafter over the "medium term".
There is no agreement yet on what exactly "medium term" means as euro zone ministers did not discuss this during Friday's meeting.
Tsipras said the compromise reached in Malta would enable their government to also legislate relief measures to tackle poverty, unemployment and build a "social state".
"I am certain that the difficult decisions we took ... are ones that in a few years, when we look back at the crucial dilemmas we faced, we will be sure we did the right thing," Tsipras said.
(Writing by George Georgiopoulos; Editing by Stephen Powell)
MUMBAI, Feb 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Tens of thousands of people migrating to Indian cities each day cannot find adequate housing, as rental markets shrink despite millions of homes remaining vacant, government data shows.
The share of rental housing in cities has fallen by nearly half over the past five decades, according to the government's annual economic survey released this week.
Rent control, unclear property rights, and a focus on building homes for ownership rather than renting are at the root of the problem, it said.
“Policies related to housing need to recognise that India has an increasingly fluid population (and) that across the income spectrum, rental housing is an important foothold into a city for new arrivals,” the survey said.
A quarter of India's urban population lives in informal housing, including slums, due to the critical shortage of affordable accommodation, according to the social consultancy firm FSG in Mumbai.
That number is likely to increase with migration from the countryside to cities, as people seek better job prospects.
A government plan to provide housing for all by 2022 is meant to create 20 million new urban housing units and 30 million rural homes.
But most states are behind target, and analysts say the programme will not solve homelessness.
Finalising the national urban rental housing policy may help resolve the issue, as the current draft offers more protection from hostile tenants and gives them more incentive to rent, said Anuj Puri, chairperson of ANAROCK Property Consultants.
“The lack of a clear regulatory framework has resulted in many house owners preferring to keep their houses vacant rather than renting them out,” Puri told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The share of rental housing in Indian cities declined to 28 percent in 2011 from 54 percent in 1961, according to the economic survey.
At the same time, the number of vacant homes in cities rose to 11.1 million in 2011 from 6.5 million a decade earlier. Vacant houses make up more than 12 percent of total urban housing stock.
The financial hub of Mumbai, where more than half the population lives in slums and informal settlements, has nearly half a million vacant homes, survey data showed.
“The fact that such a large number of houses continue to be vacant is not just ironical, but reflects a serious policy failure,” said Shivani Chaudhry, executive director of the New Delhi-based advocacy group Housing and Land Rights Network.
The government must prioritise “social rental housing, tax vacant properties, and control real estate speculation,” they said. (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran. Editing by Jared Ferrie. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Where this room came from was that my mother really adored flowers and as a tribute to them I decided to create a living space that reminded me of them
I remember when I began decorating the room, I stuck the ivy to the ceiling and I expected it to be on the floor the next day and it wasn't. So from there the beautiful Flower Room literally grew.
I then began adding real plants that would be better known as “air plants” meaning they need little or no watering.
The colour scheme of the room is browns, creams and greens and what I wanted to do was create that feeling of being at one with the natural world.
What's great about this room is that it's like an Aladdin's cave, there's always room for everything, believe it or not.
I like to keep things so when people buy me flowers or I go to a wedding or an event where I have to wear a corsage or my husband Ivor has to wear a lapel flower I have a wall in the room with trellis on it where we can keep that reminder forever.
This room is my den, in the picture you can see only half of it, the other half is my dining room with a beautiful view across Belfast Lough so it's always bright and airy.
This room has everything I need in it, I've lots of storage and because it's nice and bright I can do my makeup and other things.
This was where I would have spent most of my time relaxing and working on my book (Patience recently released their memoir, Where Do You Go To My Lovely).
Because I felt close to my mum it made the perfect spot to look back on and remember my life.
What's important to me is that this room really does what it's supposed to do - it's a “living room” it changes with me and my mood and the light.
In the middle of the winter the electric fire gives you a beautiful feeling of warmth and cosiness, whilst in the summer if I have the fountain and the water going it can feel like you are sitting outside enjoying the natural surroundings.
This room is what happy means to me, it's comforting, warm, bright and loving.
The butterflies signify people who have moved on as most of them have been given to me by people who have passed on.
I'm always adding to this room, it's never quite finished and that's how I like it to be.
I don't see interior design in the conventional sense, I like the room to live and grow with me. People always ask me how I keep it clean but cleaning this room is an absolute pleasure for me, each swipe of my dusting cloth reminds me of the personal reason I have decorated it in the way I have.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SEOUL South Korea said on Sunday U.S. President Donald Trump's national security adviser reaffirmed the two countries' pre-existing agreement on the expenditure for the deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system.
In a telephone call on Sunday, H.R. McMaster reassured their South Korean counterpart, Kim Kwan-jin, that the United States' alliance with South Korea was its top priority in the Asia-Pacific region, South Korea's presidential office said.
Trump said in an interview with Reuters on Thursday that they wanted South Korea to pay for the THAAD deployment, but South Korean officials responded that the cost was for Washington to bear, under the bilateral agreement.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — A top adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, is proposing Iran resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal between world powers and Tehran.
Ali Akbar Velayati was quoted Wednesday by the semi-official Tasnim news agency as saying Iran is "capable to spin centrifuges for enrichment" to higher levels should it choose to do so.
Velayati says Iran should also accelerate production of nuclear propulsions and also research on advanced centrifuges. They claimed this wouldn't violate the nuclear deal which put limits on Iran's atomic program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
In the wake of President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the deal, several Iranian officials have indicated Tehran could resume its nuclear program.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
* May ends China trade trip with 9 billion pounds in deals
* Xi pledges upgraded “golden era” in relations
* But China cautious on Brexit
By William James
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May left China on Friday with deals worth more than 9.3 billion pounds ($13.26 billion), at the end of a three-trade trade mission where President Xi Jinping pledged to upgrade their “golden era” in relations.
Britain is trying to reinvent itself as a global trading nation after a 2016 referendum decision to leave the European Union, and China, the world's second-largest economy, is high on the list of countries that Britain wants to sign a free trade agreement with.
Speaking at a business summit in China's commercial capital Shanghai, May said Britain was keen to help bring Xi's vision for globalisation and a more open Chinese economy to life.
“Meanwhile, the UK is preparing to leave the European Union. We're seizing the opportunity to become an ever-more outward-looking Global Britain, deepening our trade relations with nations around the world - including China,” they said.
Chinese investment is helping Britain develop infrastructure and create jobs, with some 50,000 British businesses importing goods from China and more than 10,000 sell their goods to China, they added.
“We've agreed on moves to bring more of the UK's internationally renowned food and drink to China, to open up the market to some of Britain's world-class financial services providers,” May said.
The 9.3 billion pounds in deals will create over 2,500 jobs across the United Kingdom, the British government said.
Britain's financial services firms alone secured deals worth more than 1 billion pounds and market access, that would lead to 890 jobs, it said, without giving details.
China sees Britain as an important ally in its call for more open global markets, despite widespread concerns in the foreign business community about the difficulty of operating in China, and both countries refer to a “golden era” in relations.
Meeting in Beijing late on Thursday, Xi told May the two countries should “add new meaning into the bilateral ties so as to forge an enhanced version of the ‘Golden Era',” according to state-run media.
China has also been appreciative of Britain's enthusiasm for the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and Xi's Belt and Road initiative to build a new Silk Road.
In a front page commentary on Friday, the overseas edition of the People's Daily said Britain had shown “intelligence and pragmatism” in supporting Belt and Road.
“It is a model for other Western nations,” it said.
But Brexit has unnerved Beijing, concerned about losing an important voice supporting free trade in the European Union and what it may mean for market access to Europe for Chinese firms which have invested in Britain.
Still, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told May on Wednesday that China's relations with Britain will remain unchanged through Brexit. ($1 = 0.7013 pounds) (Writing and additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
March 31 Vital Energy Inc:
* Vital Energy - entered into an agreement with a third party whereby the third party has committed to spend up to $10.5 million
* Vital Energy says the $10.5 million will be spent among other things, drill, frac, test, complete and equip up to 7 one mile horizontal test wells on one of co's project areas
* Says it will be operator of phase 1 drilling program
* Says drilling is expected to commence immediately after spring break up 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SOUTH ELGIN, Ill. (AP) — The Latest on a police standoff in suburban Chicago (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
Police say a 52-year-old suburban Chicago man who was fatally shot after a four-hour standoff immediately opened fire on officers as they arrived at their home.
South Elgin Police Sgt. Mike Doty says three officers were "struck by gunfire." They say their injuries are not life threatening.
Advertisement
Police say Frank Dripps fired at officers with a shotgun Tuesday night after they were called to their home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometers) northwest of Chicago. They then barricaded themselves inside a stairwell of the condominium building where they lived.
Doty says Dripps yelled vulgarities at officers and stated "he would shoot officers if they came at him." Doty also says Dripps raised their shotgun and a rifle with a scope to their shoulder "off and on" before police shot and killed them early Wednesday morning.
___
9:15 am
A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers, wounding three, during an overnight standoff.
The officers' injuries were not life threatening.
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometers) northwest of Chicago, for a report of shots fired.
Police Sgt. Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached. Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighboring homes.
Officers began negotiating with the man, who barricaded themselves in a stairwell. Police believed they were armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun.
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after they fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday.
(Corrects to say China's largest carrier, not second largest, in second para)
SHANGHAI, March 30 China Southern Airlines Co Ltd on Thursday reported a 29.9 percent rise in 2016 net profit, below analysts' expectations, as a weaker yuan put a dent on strong domestic demand for overseas travel.
China's largest carrier by passenger numbers reported profits attributable to shareholders of 5.06 billion yuan ($734.50 million), its strongest performance since 2011. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast reported net income of 5.47 billion yuan.
Revenue rose 2.95 percent year-on-year to 114.8 billion yuan, against a 4.75 percent rise in passenger traffic, it said. It suffered 3.27 billion yuan in foreign exchange losses due to the weakening yuan.
Its yield per revenue passenger kilometre fell 5.66 percent, after the airline grew passenger capacity by 8.65 percent over the year.
Chinese airlines have been aggressively ordering new aircraft to take advantage of strong demand for outbound travel, which has outpaced domestic growth. However, the loans to purchase the aircraft are mainly denominated in U.S. dollars, causing them losses as the yuan depreciated against the dollar.
China is the world's fastest growing aviation market and is expected to displace the United States as the world's largest around 2024, according to the International Air Transport Association.
Shares in China Southern, which earlier this week announced that it will sell a 2.68 percent stake to American Airlines Group Inc, closed down 3.49 percent on Thursday, against a 0.37 percent fall in the Hang Seng index. ($1 = 6.8890 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BFW LIEGENSCHAFTEN AG:
* FY EBIT AT CHF 22.6 MILLION VERSUS CHF 27.3 MILLION YEAR AGO‍​
* FY PROFIT INCLUDING REVALUATIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES AT CHF 18.0 MILLION VERSUS CHF 18.2 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The Bet McLean League Cup first round draw took place at Windsor Park this morning.
There were 20 teams from the Bluefin Sport Championship and Premier Intermediate League entered the draw to determine the four first round matches, and the 12 teams who will subsequently get a bye into the next round.
Those four ties were Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City; PSNI v Banbridge Town; Dundela v Knockbreda and Queens v Lisburn Distillery. All first round ties will take place on Saturday 4 August.
The remaining 12 teams - Annagh United, Ballyclare Comrades, Dergview, Dollingstown, Larne, Limavady United, Loughgall, Moyola Park, Newington YC, Portstewart, Sport & Leisure Swifts and Tobermore United - all received a bye into the next round.
All last season's Danske Bank Premiership sides and the top four from the Bluefin Sport Championship will enter the competition in Round Two (to be played on Tuesday 28 August).
April 20Shenzhen Huakong Seg Co Ltd
* Sees FY 2017 H1 net loss to be 15.0 million yuan to 23.0 million yuan versus net loss of 23.6 million yuan year ago
* Says increased expenses and seasonal factor are the main reasons for the forecast Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/heXtWu Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-J&J says Pimodivir alone or in combination with oseltamivir demonstrated a significant reduction in viral load in adults with Influenza A
* Pimodivir alone or in combination with oseltamivir demonstrated a significant reduction in viral load in adults with Influenza A
Network slicing is a specific form of virtualization that allows multiple logical networks to run on top of a shared physical network infrastructure. The key benefit of the network slicing concept is that it provides an end-to-end virtual network encompassing not just networking but compute and storage functions too. The objective is to allow a physical mobile network operator to partition its network resources to allow for very different users, so-called tenants, to multiplex over a single physical infrastructure. The most commonly cited example in 5G discussions is sharing of a given physical network to simultaneously run Internet of Things (IoT), Mobile Broadband (MBB), and very low-latency (e.g. vehicular communications) applications. These applications obviously have very different transmission characteristics. For example, IoT will typically have a very large number of devices, but each device may have very low throughput. MBB has nearly the opposite properties since it will have a much smaller number of devices, but each one will be transmitting or receiving very high bandwidth content. The intent of network slicing is to be able to partition the physical network at an end-to-end level to allow optimum grouping of traffic, isolation from other tenants, and configuring of resources at a macro level.
Why can't QoS and related techniques do the job?
The natural question that often arises during technical discussions about network slicing is why can't existing internet techniques handle the task? For example, the extensively deployed Quality of Service (QoS) architecture called Differentiated Services (DiffServ) is meant to classify and manage different types of IP traffic (e.g. voice, video, text) flowing over a given network. There are also other well-known techniques like Virtual Private Network (VPN) which separate and isolate traffic across the Internet using techniques like IP tunneling. Also, more recent approaches like Network Function Virtualization (NFV) are meant to virtualize parts of mobile networks. Each of these features obviously has some overlap with the functionality of 5G network slicing. So why do we need to introduce network slicing as another approach? The answer is two-fold. One reason is based on technical issues, and the other, more important, reason is business driven.
Business drivers for network slicing
Network slicing in 5G is expected to open lucrative new business opportunities for mobile operators and other newer entrants. For example, a mobile operator will be able to split its physical network resources into multiple logical slices and lease these slices out to interested parties. An electrical utility may want to take a long-term lease of a network slice for connectivity of its smart grid composed of sensors, meters, and controllers and optimize that slice for IoT devices. Alternatively, a concert promoter may want to take a short-term lease of a network slice for a week-long musical festival and optimize that slice for streaming HD music and VoIP connectivity.
Network slicing will also allow new business models to evolve in the mobile market. For example, existing cloud and data center providers, such as Amazon and Google, may find through network slicing a new way to play in the mobile network space. This would also allow existing mobile operators (e.g. AT&T, Orange) to lease network slices and concentrate mainly on their core strengths which include delivering high-quality networking experiences. This is quite different from today, as currently infrastructure cannot be granularly configured and optimized for different MVNOs (tenants). Current MVNOs have purely business and billing relationships with the network owner and run their MVNO service over a vanilla network with branding overlays. Network slicing will allow the network owner to customize to compute, storage and networking functions of the infrastructure for a given Virtual Network Operator's traffic characteristics.
Technical drivers for network slicing
The key differentiator of the network slicing approach is that it provides a holistic end-to-end virtual network for a given tenant. No existing QoS-based solution can offer anything like this. For example, DiffServ, which is the most widely deployed QoS solution, can discriminate VoIP traffic from other types of traffic such as HD video and web browsing. However, DiffServ cannot discriminate and differentially treat the same type of traffic (e.g. VoIP traffic) coming from different tenants.
Also, DiffServ does not have the ability to perform traffic isolation at all. For example, IoT traffic from a health monitoring network (e.g. connecting hospitals and outpatients) typically have strict privacy and security requirements including where the data can be stored and who can access it. This cannot be accomplished by DiffServ as it does not have any features dealing with to compute and storage aspects of the network. All these identified shortfalls of DiffServ will be handled by the features being developed for network slicing.
What is happening in the standards?
Due to the exciting business opportunities that network slicing will provide, there are a lot of related technical efforts going on in various standards bodies. 3GPP, for example, is specifying the overall Operations and Management (OAM) framework for how the owner of the physical network will manage the slices as part of its virtualized NFV network. 3GPP is also specifying the signaling and procedures required between network components and the UE to assign a device to a given slice.
The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has started to examine how the underlying IP network will implement network slices. As previously mentioned, there are already existing protocols like DiffServ and VPN which support network slicing like features. The IETF is still debating which protocols, existing or new, will be developed for network slicing. However, there is an early consensus that a lot of the required network slicing functionality can be accomplished by a judicious mix of OAM and traffic engineering. The new OAM features will allow definition, creation, deletion, etc. of slices. These slices may extend between administrative boundaries, meaning that the slices may span multiple operators or countries. The new traffic engineering features being considered include possible updates to underlying network substrates like MPLS, SDN, etc. to allow control signaling for network slicing purposes.
In summary
Network slicing is very different from QoS because it will enable end-to-end virtual networks encompassing compute, storage and networking functions. Existing QoS approaches are all point solutions which offer a subset of functionality at best when compared to network slicing. Network slicing is generating a lot of excitement in 5G discussions mainly because it will open many new business opportunities. Network slicing is part of the general trend to make network services more virtual and thus benefit from the lower costs and increased innovation that the IT industry reaped with the move to the cloud and Everything-as-a-Service. It is not likely that network slicing will require revolutionary new technical standards. Instead, the technical changes needed will be applied across a myriad of technologies and standards all focused in the key areas of improved network intelligence, system integration, OAM and traffic engineering.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
PARIS, WI - Three people were killed in shootings at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Kenosha County Sunday evening.
According to Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth, a suspect is still at large.
At least two of the victims are believed to be from Aurora, Ill.
The shooting happened at around 7 p.m. during an event called Larry's Fun Fest. An estimated 5,000 people were at the facility when the shooting occurred.
Beth said the victims were standing near the concessions stand when the shooter approached and shot them at very close range. Investigators are talking to friends of the victims to try and piece together what happened.
"There's no positive ID on the suspect right now, we don't know the motive, we're not aware of any altercations that happened earlier, at this point the detectives I've talked to are not aware of what caused this," Beth said.
Beth told TODAY'S TMJ4 that the shootings were believed to be the result of rival gangs from Milwaukee and Chicago coming to a head, and that they have caused problems at the Union Grove facility in the past.
"We're not aware of any danger to the community. We believe that whoever did this is either still on here on site, or more likely left the Great Lakes Drag Strip," Beth said.
Beth said the suspect may have left the scene in a dark-colored car.
Wisconsin State Patrol confirms it is assisting with road closures in the area.
The Great Lakes Dragaway is a quarter mile dragstrip located around 25 miles south of Milwaukee.
Follow all the latest developments below:
"Do not underestimate this fire" - watch our 1 NEWS reporter with a 4am Christchurch fire update:
5.23am: Energy company Orion are warning customers there could be more power cuts throughout the day, so try be prepared with torches.
5.15am: Selwyn District Mayor, Sam Broughton told Breakfast he'll be speaking today with Gerry Brownlee, who said they were "perplexed" by the response to the fire.
"Every resource has been thrown at that fire from the ground and the air," said Mr Broughton.
5.05am: Police are now door knocking to evacuate residents downhill of the Sign of the Takehe on Dyers Pass Road as far as and including Kiteroa Place and Pentre Terrace.
If you feel unsafe police are advising you to self-evacuate.
5.00am: Police are urging people not to rubberneck, as it is disrupting their efforts to get everyone to safety.
4.55am: The fire is reportedly kicking off again at Victoria Park in Christchurch, the Fire Service told 1 NEWS is having flared up again "on the ridges".
4.45am: As the fire spreads across nearly 2000 hectares, weather forecast of easterly winds today is good news because it could push back the fire that's been spreading from a south westerly area and stop it from reaching several homes.
4.35am: A total of 127 homes remain without power, most are located in the Cashmere Hills area and have been without power since 10.30pm last night. Here are the affected areas.
4.25am: There is a real sense of anxiety in Christchurch, one woman who was not evacuated from their home told 1 NEWS they trust the civil defence, but went to watch for themselves just how bad the fire is in order to judge their own safety.
4.15am: Christchurch is expected to get to about 21 degrees today, and wind is expected to reach about 45km/h, but rain is due over the next couple of days, which will hopefully help with the fire, Breakfast's Matty McLean said.
4.05am: Hundreds have been as the fire has crossed Dyers Pass below they sing of the Kiwi and is now developing in Victoria Park.
It's also now close to a dense housing area in Westmoreland.
Evacuations are continuing in Hoon Hay Valley and Kennedy's Bush Roads, plus streets near Longhurst Terrace in Cashmere.
3.48am: Two Worsley Spur residents refused to sleep overnight, as flames crept closer to their homes. Steve Hoare, who was looking at their home through binoculars, told 1 NEWS they were there "just to see whether the house will go up or not". They said they left their sprinklers on to try to save the lives of theirs sheep.
3:28am: Civil Defence says there are still some "very active fronts" - but not as many as there were prior to midnight. The overnight drop in temperature and rise in humidity has been helpful. Estimates are still currently that about 400 households have been evacuated from the areas around Victoria Park/Dyers Pass Road, Worsleys Road, Westmorland and Kennedys Bush.
3:25am: Sunrise will take place in Christchurch about 6.50am this morning, and first light 30 minutes before at about 6.20am. Firefighting helicopters have been grounded overnight, as working in the dark is too dangerous, but they are set to resume at first light.
3:10am: 1 News Breakfast program, with Hilary, Jack and the crew will be live from 4am this morning as they cover the Port Hills crisis. You can watch the live stream here from 4am.
3:08am: Firefighters are currently in a holding pattern with winds having died down. But the fire service says from here conditions will begin to worsen as the day starts heating up. Firefighters are trying to just hold the blaze until first light when air support will resume.
3:01am: There's a power cut in and around Christchurch as a result of the big Port Hills fire. 122 properties are without power with 42 of those in the Cashmere Hills area out since 10.30pm last night. Here are the affected areas.
2:42am: The Fire Service says the fire is continuing to spread quickly, and crews are being rotated to keep them fresh. The effort is focusing on protecting properties until first light when helicopters can start operating again.
2:25am: A Facebook page has been created for those wishing to offer housing to fire evacuees. You can click on it here, at Evacuation housing.
ROAD CLOSURES
INDIANAPOLIS May 3 Fernando Alonso was quickly up to speed at the famed Brickyard on Wednesday, blazing through their IndyCar rookie orientation to close on earning a spot on the starting grid for the Indianapolis 500.
Alonso, who has competed in 276 Formula One races and is a double world champion, is an IndyCar debutant and arrived at in Indianapolis needing to pass a rookie test which they did with flying colours by recording an unofficial top speed of 221.721 mph (356.825kph).
The Spaniard set the motor racing world buzzing when they announced they had been granted clearance by their McLaren F1 team to skip the Monaco Grand Prix and race in the 101st Indy 500 on May 28 in pursuit of the sport's triple crown - victories at Monte Carlo, Indy and Le Mans.
Twice a winner in Monaco, Alonso's Indy 500 bid will come with Andretti Autosport, who put rookie Alexander Rossi in Victory Lane last year.
Alonso looked right at home at the Brickyard as they slipped into the number 29 car and quickly had the orange Honda, sporting the livery of early McLaren F1 cars, turning laps of more than 200mph around the 2.5 mile oval.
The rookie orientation program was the first on-track step for Alonso. All first-year competitors in the Indianapolis 500 must complete a gradual introduction to the speeds and unique nature of the sprawling track. Rookie drivers complete 40 laps in three speed phases, the first requiring drivers to do 10 laps of over 210 mph. Phase two requires 15 laps at 215 mph followed by phase three of 15 laps at faster than 220 mph.
The 35-year-old Spaniard will now focus on getting more familiar with their IndyCar ahead of qualifying on May 20 and 21. (Editing by Ed Osmond)
Venezuela would receive $250 million from the China Development Bank to boost oil production in the Orinoco Belt, the South American country's Finance Ministry said in a statement on Tuesday.
The agreement was reached during ongoing talks between Finance Minister Simon Zerpa and Chinese leaders in Beijing aimed at shoring up production of Venezuela's distressed oil company PDVSA.
"We've received the authorization for a direct investment of more than $250 million from China Development Bank to increase PDVSA production, and we're already putting together financing for a special loan that China's government is granting Venezuela for $5 billion for direct investments in production," the statement quoted Zerpa as saying.
The South American country previously accepted a $5 billion loan from China, which became Venezuela's principal financier over the last decade. The relationship has however cooled recently amid Venezuela's economic crisis that saw oil production decline sharply.
Read more: Motorists line up for scarce petrol in oil-rich Venezuela
Venezuela's oil output averaged 2.9 million barrels per day (bpd) in 2013, but has dropped to around 1.36 million bpd now, according to data compiled by the International Energy Agency (IEA). IEA blames a mix of underinvestment, theft, a brain drain, and lack of equipment for the slump.
Read more: IEA: Iran, Venezuela may cause oil market turmoil
As a result, state-owned oil company PDVSA is struggling to send oil shipments to China. The Asian economic powerhouse has pumped more than $50 billion into Venezuela's coffers through oil-for-loan agreements that helped Beijing secure energy supplies while bolstering the leftist government in Caracas.
But about three years ago Beijing halted its flow of cash when Venezuela asked for a change of payment terms amid falling oil prices. The situation in Venezuela's oil sector worsened earlier this year as US oil major ConocoPhillips won court orders allowing it to seize assets of PDVSA on Caribbean islands, including Curacao. Conoco was granted a $2 billion arbitral award linked to the 2007 nationalization of Conoco assets under late leader Hugo Chavez.
Read more: Venezuela's hyperinflation soars to 24,571 percent
Current Venezuelan leader Nicolas Maduro has vowed to boost production by 1 million additional barrels, but critics rather expect output to plummet to 1 million bpd by the end of 2018.
Watch video 02:02 Now live 02:02 mins. Share Venezuela: Crushing burden of debt Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2mzJo Venezuela: Crushing burden of debt
uhe/bb (Reuters, dpa)
March 31 England's soccer authorities should come together with the Premier League, the clubs and broadcasters to plan the country's fixtures, Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp has said in the wake of midfielder Adam Lallana's injury on international duty.
Lallana, who will miss the Merseyside derby against Everton on Saturday, suffered a thigh injury during England's 2-0 World Cup qualifying victory over Lithuania at Wembley last weekend.
England also played a friendly international with Germany on Wednesday, 72 hours after Liverpool's high-octane league clash against Manchester City. Lallana played more than an hour for England in Dortmund and the full 90 minutes against Lithuania.
"It's hard for us to lose a player like Adam for four weeks, which could be eight games - it's a lot," Klopp told Sky Sports.
"We all have to start to work much better together: the FA, Premier League, television and the clubs because we're trying to sell the best product."
The German coach said they did not blame Gareth Southgate for playing Lallana in both games, because the England manager was under pressure to name their best eleven in their first two games as a full-time coach.
"I don't blame anybody for this, especially not Gareth Southgate - I like him, we've had a few meetings," Klopp added.
"If they had left Lallana out against Germany, the press would have asked 'do you want to win?'"
Liverpool is fourth in the league and four points clear of rivals Manchester United, who have two games in hand, in the race for Champions League qualification.
Klopp's side host seventh-placed Everton in the league on Saturday and 11th-placed Bournemouth four days later. (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
* Le Pen says France not responsible for wartime mass arrest
* Comments deal setback to their attempts to clean up party's image
* Rival politicians, Jewish group condemn their statement
By Adrian Croft
PARIS, April 10 Far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has touched a raw nerve in France by denying the French state's responsibility for a mass arrest of Jews in Paris during World War Two.
Le Pen, a frontrunner in the election being held this month and next, triggered an outcry with their comments on one of the darkest episodes of French history when the country was occupied by the Nazis during the war.
"I think France isn't responsible for the Vel d'Hiv," Le Pen said in a French media interview on Sunday, referring to the July 16, 1942 German-ordered roundup by French police of 13,000 Jews in Paris.
Most of the Jews were crammed in appalling conditions into the Velodrome d'Hiver or Winter Velodrome cycling stadium, colloquially known as the Vel d'Hiv, before being deported to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
"I think that, in general, if there are people responsible, it is those who were in power at the time. It is not France," Le Pen said in comments that were condemned by other presidential candidates, a Jewish group and Israel's Foreign Ministry.
"We have taught our children that they had every reason to criticise France, to see only the darkest historical aspects perhaps. I want them to be proud of being French once more," they said in the interview with media organisations Le Figaro, RTL and LCI.
France has long struggled to come to terms with its role under the collaborationist Vichy regime during World War Two.
Altogether 76,000 Jews deported from France were killed.
In 1995, then President Jacques Chirac recognised that the French state shared responsibility for deporting Jews to Nazi death camps during the war, the first time a post-war French head of state had fully acknowledged France's role.
Socialist President Francois Hollande in 2012 described the 1942 mass arrest as "a crime committed in France, by France."
SETBACK
I comments, just as campaigning officially opened in the election, could set back their attempts to clean up the image of their anti-immigration National Front and distance it from the anti-Semitic views of their father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, the party's founder.
Le Pen is running neck-and-neck with centrist Emmanuel Macron in the April 23 first round, according to opinion polls. The polls say Macron would easily beat Le Pen in the May 7 runoff.
Le Pen issued a statement late on Sunday saying they considered that the French state was in exile in London during the occupation and that their stance "in no way exonerates the effective and personal responsibility of the French people who took part in the horrible Vel d'Hiv roundup and in all the atrocities committed during this period."
The Israeli foreign ministry condemned Le Pen's comments.
"This contradicts the historical truth as expressed in statements by French presidents who recognised the country's responsibility for the fate of the French Jews who perished in the Holocaust," a spokesperson said, adding that the ministry regretted that anti-Semitism "is raising its head again today."
Rival election candidates also criticised Le Pen.
"Some people had forgotten that Marine Le Pen is the daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen. They haven't changed and we must have no indulgence or minimise what the National Front is today in our country," Macron told BFM television.
Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon said there was no longer any doubt that Le Pen was from the extreme right.
Sacha Ghozlan, president of the French Jewish Students' Union, accused Le Pen of "revisionism".
In a statement, Ghozlan called on French citizens to mobilise in the election to block Le Pen "and prevent them from sullying once again the honour of France and the memory of the victims of the Vichy regime."
(Reporting by Cyril Camu, Marine Pennetier, Sophie Louet, Adrian Croft, Jeffrey Heller; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
DALLAS (AP) — Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when they scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing their seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights — and bargaining power — vary greatly between them.
Advertisement
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space — called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
"The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash," said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, they added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped them from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. They calculated that they were entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of their ticket, and they turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said they could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation — usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
"My advice would be to start high," said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. "If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher)."
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be "a solid starting point."
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped — the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 — while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights — although some, like JetBlue, say they don't — on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be canceled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
— Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
— If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
— Ask when the travel voucher expires — typically they are good for one year — and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
— Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, "don't get stressed."
"Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday."
___
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Contact
Catalina Island Roast Coffee
Lorren Dawes
424-738-0010
***@catalinaislandroastcoffee.com Catalina Island Roast CoffeeLorren Dawes424-738-0010
End
-- There's a new brew in Avalon: Catalina Island Roast Coffee. It soft opened in 2016 and is the ONLY coffee bean roaster on Catalina Island. Now, they are gaining steam as several shops stock their shelves with its hand packaged coffee beans and a local restaurant is serving their espresso to its patrons."Letting this business grow organically is what I set out to do, now I am ready to start expanding," says Lorren Dawes, owner/roaster of Catalina Island Roast Coffee (CIRC). The small batch roaster has been steadily gaining popularity among locals who now have their favorite single origin and special blend roasts dialed in by this new roast master. After sampling two of CIRC's coffees, Steve Bray owner of Steve's Steakhouse in Avalon says, "Your coffee is good, really, really good!" Now Bray's steakhouse serves CIRC's Buffalo Espresso to its patrons."I wanted to give locals and visitors a locally micro-roasted coffee roasted it to its nuanced perfection to compliment the lifestyle here," says Lorren. "I am achieving this by using organic, fair trade, single origin green coffee beans when I roast."· CIRC's proprietary blends – Seaplane, Buffalo Espresso, Foghorn -- use single origin, FTO beans, which are never flash roasted· CIRC roasts to-order on a weekly basis and delivers to yachts in the harbor as well as condos and hotels.· A roastmaster's choice, single origin coffee subscription delivery service -- Smooth Sailing – was launched this past week, http://www.catalinaislandroastcoffee.com . Consumers determine the quantity and the frequency. Delivered to your door anywhere in the USA.· CIRC is giving back through involvement in community outreach programs such as the Catalina Island Women's Forum ( https://theciwf.org/ ) .Established in Avalon on the romantic Santa Catalina Island by Lorren Dawes, former publisher of CoffeeHouse Digest, Catalina Island Roast Coffee is filling a gap by roasting coffee locally and has seized the title of "the only coffee roaster on the Island."
MANCHESTER, England Liverpool have a chance to consolidate their position in the Champions League qualification spots when they take on Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday, while three of the top four are in FA Cup semi-final action.
Looking to benefit from any slipup by Juergen Klopp's side are fifth-placed Manchester United - unbeaten in 22 games - who will be hoping to make up further ground when they face Burnley at Turf Moor.
A hard-earned 1-0 win at West Bromwich Albion on Sunday lifted Liverpool to third place with five games left for the Reds.
Klopp's side are unbeaten in seven games and defender Dejan Lovren says they need to maintain that level of consistency during the run-in.
"We have a big thing to achieve - the Champions League. Everyone wants that but if you want to be a top team, you need to continue to play well in every game," said the Croatia international.
Palace, however, have been revitalised under boss Sam Allardyce and have found some consistency of their own, picking up 13 points from their last six games to surge away from the relegation zone.
Yet their hopes of continuing that good run could be dented by the absence of in-form France centre back Mamadou Sakho, who is not eligible to play as they are on loan at the London club from Liverpool.
United's win over Chelsea on Sunday has restored belief around Old Trafford that Jose Mourinho's team can make a push for the top four themselves.
Burnley, however, will not be a pushover and although they are 14th in the table, they have the sixth best home league record and drew at Old Trafford earlier in the season.
Three of the Burnley team - keeper Tom Heaton, defender Michael Keane and winger Robbie Brady - were products of United's youth system and will be looking to prove a point to the club who let them go.
In the relegation battle, Hull City, immediately above the drop zone, will hope to extend their two-point advantage over Swansea City when they host mid-table Watford.
Hull have won five of their last six matches at home but central defender Harry Maguire says they cannot start thinking about the mathematics of survival.
"You see strange results every week and you know you can't rely on other teams picking up or dropping points, it has to be about what we do," they said.
Swansea has a realistic hope of points themselves against a Stoke side that are winless in their last five games on the road.
Middlesbrough, four points behind Swansea after their home loss to Arsenal on Monday, travel to the south coast to take on Eddie Howe's Bournemouth.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Toby Davis)
April 24 Pacific Consortium
* to permit further dividend payments to tatts shareholders in addition to its all-cash $4.21 per share proposal in the event transaction completion delayed beyond second half of 2017
* $4.21 per share proposal superior in value to tabcorp proposal on 44 days of 57 trading days since Tabcorp's last results announcement"
* believes Tatts independent chairperson and board should consider this proposal seriously and allow the consortium to conduct due diligence
European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager holds a news conference after Dow Chemical gained conditional EU antitrust approval on Monday for their $130 billion merger by agreeing to significant asset sales, one of a trio of mega mergers that will redraw the agrochemicals industry, in Brussels, Belgium March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
The Dow logo is seen on a building in downtown Midland, Michigan, in this May 14, 2015 file photograph. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
Dow Chemical and DuPont won the blessing of the European Union for their $130 billion merger on Monday by agreeing to sell substantial assets including key research and development activities.
The European Commission had been concerned that the merger of two of the biggest and oldest U.S. chemical producers would leave few incentives to produce new herbicides and pesticides in the future. The deal is one of a trio of mega mergers that will reshape the industry and consolidate six companies into three.
Asset sales would ensure competition in the sector and benefit European farmers and consumers, the Commission said.
"We need effective competition in this sector so companies are pushed to develop products that are ever safer for people and better for the environment," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement.
"Our decision today ensures that the merger between Dow and DuPont does not reduce price competition for existing pesticides or innovation for safer and better products in the future."
The two other big deals in the industry are ChemChina's [CNNCC.UL] $43 billion bid for Syngenta and Bayer's acquisition of Monsanto.
Dow and DuPont said they were still on target for $3 billion in cost synergies and $1 billion in growth benefits.
The deal is still to be approved by regulators in the United States, Brazil, China, Australia and Canada, but the companies said they were confident of clearance in all remaining jurisdictions.
"This regulatory milestone is a significant step toward closing the merger transaction, with the intention to subsequently spin into three independent publicly traded companies," Dow spokesperson Rachelle Schikorra said in an email.
The EU approval may be a sign that U.S. regulators would follow suit because the agencies have traditionally coordinated on reviews and remedies for large multinational mergers, said Diana Moss, president of the American Antitrust Institute non-profit group.
However, any required asset sales would likely reflect antitrust concerns in the local marketplace.
"In the U.S., there are very high shares in corn and soybean seeds. We would expect those problems to be significant enough for enforcers in the U.S. to remedy them," Moss said.
WEIGHTY DECISION
The 1,000-page decision underlined the significance of the merger. In return for the EU green light, DuPont will divest large parts of its global pesticides business, including its global research and development organization.
The unit makes herbicides for cereals, oilseed rape, sunflower, rice and pasture and insecticides for insect control for fruits and vegetables.
Dow, in turn, will sell two acid co-polymer manufacturing facilities in Spain and the United States, as well as a contract with a third party through which it buys ionomers. The company has already found a buyer in South Korea's SK Innovation.
"The main surprises here are the inclusion of the pesticides and the exclusion of any kind of seed assets," Bernstein analysts wrote in a note. The analysts also said they had expected EU to be concerned about the concentration of seed sales, and that they would require Dow to divest its corn seeds business.
"We see the required divestments here as smaller than we originally expected, due to the exclusion of seed assets".
Antitrust experts said the regulator's demand to sell large swathes of R&D facilities could set the benchmark for future deals.
Lobbying group Friends of the Earth Europe criticized the EU decision, saying that the three deals would lead to three companies controlling about 70 percent of the world's agrichemicals and more than 60 percent of commercial seeds.
"This decision to allow Dow Chemicals and DuPont to form the world's biggest agribusiness company will give giant corporations an even tighter toxic grip on our food and countryside. For the public and nature such mergers are marriages made in hell," said Adrian Bebb from Friends of the
Earth Europe.
The agriculture company it planned to create with DuPont will be able to serve farmers better, helped by leveraging strong pipeline in its seeds and chemistry business, and competitive prices, Dow's Schikorra said.
"We're concerned about the signal this sends for U.S. approval. We're concerned about further consolidation in an already highly concentrated industry," said Barbara Patterson, director of government relations for the National Farmers Union, which represents 200,000 U.S. farmers and ranchers.
Sources said last week that ChemChina's [CNNCC.UL] bid for Syngenta could be approved this week but the timing could slip. Bayer and Monsanto are set to ask for EU approval in the coming months.
Shares of both Dow Chemicals and DuPont were marginally up in afternoon trading.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee, Vishaka George and Karl Plume; editing by Robin Emmott/Keith Weir/Sriraj Kalluvila)
FRANKFURT, April 28 Germany's Merck KGaA , the world's largest maker of liquid crystals for flat screens, cautioned that its dominance of that market could erode over time, making the case for more investments into newer OLED display technologies.
"We know ... that our market shares in recent years were very high. At the present time we cannot rule out a further normalization. We will therefore forge ahead with new technologies in all four business units, for instance OLED," Chief Executive Stefan Oschmann told shareholders at the annual general meeting on Friday.
Merck commands about 60 percent of the liquid crystals, with Japanese companies JNC Corp. and DIC Corp as runners-up, and the technology is a major profit driver for the diversified German group, which also makes pharmaceuticals and supplies for labs and bioreactors.
For now, an ongoing recovery in the display market should have a positive effect on the liquid crystals business, the CEO added. (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Arno Schuetze)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
SHANGHAI, March 28 China stocks fell on Tuesday on concerns about tightening liquidity conditions after the central bank refrained from injecting short-term funds into the banking system for the third session in a row.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.2 percent to 3,469.81 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,252.95.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) skipped open market operations again on Tuesday, saying liquidity levels in the banking system were "appropriate" and there was no reason to inject more funds.
Interbank borrowing costs remained elevated, however, with the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (SHIBOR) for the seven-day tenor at 2.7910 percent, around its highest level since mid-2015.
Adding to the usual concerns about tighter liquidity heading into the month- and quarter-end, some lenders are believed to be hoarding cash ahead of the central bank's quarterly assessment of the health of commercial banks. (For a factbox on the risk assessment report and its possible impact on banks and markets, see)
The PBOC's decision to withhold funds is reinforcing expectations it will gradually tighten monetary policy this year as it looks to reduce risks in the financial system and encourage more deleveraging. It has nudged up money market and short-term rates several times already this year.
For China's stock market investors, concerns about the impact of further tightening have overshadowed a raft of upbeat economic data, including robust industrial profits released on Monday.
"In the short term, neither bulls nor bears can get the upper hand," Min Lizheng, analyst at Eastmoney Securities wrote.
The government must balance the need to support the economy and ward off asset price bubbles, Min said.
Investors pulled out from smaller-caps, with newly-listed stocks the worst hit, as the securities regulator vowed to step up a crackdown on speculation or manipulation by issuing large amounts of bonus shares instead of paying out cash dividends.
Most sectors lost ground, dragged down by financial and infrastructure stocks. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
April 28 Federal Bank Ltd
* Says approved fund raising via issue of equity capital of up to 25 billion rupees
* says approved raising sub limit ceiling on total holdings by FII/FPI Source text: (bit.ly/2oSiEv3) Further company coverage:
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
A van displaying a poster of a mock edition of the Evening Standard is seen outside the Evening Standard offices in London, Britain, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Former Chancellor George Osborne arrives at the Evening Standard offices to formally take up the role of editor of the newspaper in London, Britain, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Former Chancellor George Osborne arrives at the Evening Standard offices to formally take up the role of editor of the newspaper in London, Britain, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Former Chancellor George Osborne arrives at the Evening Standard offices to formally take up the role of editor of the newspaper in London, Britain, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON On their first day as a newspaper editor, former finance minister George Osborne taunted British leader Theresa May over their snap election strategy and "unrealistic" Brexit stance.
Carrying a bundle of newspapers as they arrived at the offices of the Evening Standard, London's daily metropolitan newspaper, Osborne said their editorship would provide "the straight facts and the informed analysis".
The 45-year-old was dismissed last year by fellow-Conservative May after helping to lead the doomed campaign for Britain to stay in the European Union. They will step down as a member of parliament at the June 8 general election.
The Evening Standard's front page on Tuesday read: "Brussels twists knife on Brexit" and added: "EU chief mocks PM May with their own 'strong and stable leadership' slogan".
After meeting the prime minister at their Downing Street residence last Wednesday, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was reported to have said they were "10 times more sceptical than I was before" about the possibility of sealing a deal on divorce terms for Britain and a new trading relationship.
Osborne said last month they were stepping down from the House of Commons "for now" - prompting speculation that they planned to use their editorship to boost their influence in public debate, paving the way for a political comeback.
The newspaper's first editorial with Osborne in charge reflected their belief that Brexit is an historic mistake.
"The negotiations over Brexit have only just started and already we see how unrealistic were the claims made about the strength of Britain's hand — as the account of the Prime Minister's dinner with (Juncker) reveals," the paper said.
The Standard published a cartoon depicting May as Big Ben, incessantly chiming their "strong and stable" catchphrase ahead of the June 8 general election.
"There's nothing wrong with repeating election campaign slogans; the problem comes when the election campaign amounts to no more than a slogan," the newspaper's editorial said.
Veteran journalists have mocked Osborne's lack of editorial experience and potential conflicts of interest.
They were rebuked on Tuesday by parliament's watchdog for politicians' business appointments for breaking its rules by applying for the job before consulting it.
They already have a part-time job with a salary of 650,000 pounds ($837,000) a year for working 48 days at asset manager BlackRock, and has earned hundreds of thousands of pounds giving speeches.
Once regarded as a future Conservative leader and a possible prime minister, Osborne had opposed some of May's policies. British newspapers said their dismissal of the man who served as their predecessor David Cameron's finance minister for six years was swift and ruthless, lasting only minutes.
While at the University of Oxford, Osborne dabbled in student journalism and was proud enough of their efforts to display the two issues of the magazine they edited in their Downing Street flat while chancellor.
(Editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Mark Trevelyan)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
WASHINGTON, April 12 A U.S. Treasury spokesperson confirmed on Wednesday that the department will not name China as a currency manipulator in a report due at the end of this week, after President Donald Trump said in a Wall Street Journal interview that they would not do so.
The Treasury spokesperson declined to provide any other details about the semi-annual report on foreign exchange practices of major trading partners, including the exact timing of the release, or the Treasury's views on the practices of other countries. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chris Reese)
Photo
16 Behind-the-Scenes Snaps From the Teen Choice Awards 2017
Moments with Fifth Harmony, Louis Tomlinson, Millie Bobby Brown, the 'Riverdale' cast and more that you didn't see on TV
A man whose lawyers claimed gardaí­ who were interviewing them on suspicion of murder should not have supervised their cigarette breaks around the time they purportedly confessed, has lost an appeal against their conviction.
Maurice Power (34), of Dranganbeg, Kilmoyler, Cahir, had pleaded not guilty to the murder of Shane Rossiter following a house party in Church Lane, Golden, on October 17th, 2012.
The Central Criminal Court heard Power had grown up with Mr Rossiter but that there was “bad blood” between them. Mr Rossiter died from gunshot wounds.
Power was found guilty by a majority jury verdict of 10-1 and they were accordingly given the mandatory life sentence by Ms Justice Deirdre Murphy on June 5th, 2014.
Power lost an appeal against their conviction on Tuesday after the Court of Appeal stated it had “not seen fit to uphold” any of their 17 grounds of appeal.
In a 74-page judgment delivered on behalf of the three-judge court, Mr Justice John Edwards said the Court of Appeal was satisfied Power's trial was satisfactory and their conviction safe.
They were then led away to continue serving their life sentence.
Giving background, Mr Justice Edwards said the house party on the day in question had involved a small group of people, including Mr Rossiter, and there was a “degree of illicit drug use”.
In the early hours of the morning, Mr Rossiter and a Paul McCarthy went out the front door of the house in the belief that Power would be there to deliver cannabis to them.
Mr McCarthy told the jury that there was a car parked outside the house, that they had seen a gun and that they ran. They had run, believing they were a target, and having crossed a field into a graveyard, heard one gunshot.
The jury heard evidence Mr Rossiter was in fact shot twice. The following day a burnt-out Audi A4 was discovered at a bog in the Nire Valley, Co Waterford.
Power was identified as a person of interest at an early stage of the investigation. Their then partner was known to drive an Audi A4.There was a history of violence between Power and Rossiter. Power had stated in one of their garda interviews that for him, it was a case of “kill or be killed”.
Power had sought to appeal their conviction on grounds relating to how the trial judge instructed the jury, how they summarised the evidence and the admissibility of certain evidence especially the “confession itself”.
Their barrister, Dominic McGinn SC, had told the court that it was always difficult for an appeal court, faced with a confession, to listen to legal complaints about it afterwards.
But the only evidence against Power was the confession. Associated with that were all manner of infirmities which should have caused the trial court and the Court of Appeal some disquiet about admissibility, Mr McGinn had said.
Power had, for the most part, given a “no comment” interview to gardaí­ but matters changed in interview seven, Mr McGinn said.
They said Power had taken regular cigarette breaks supervised by a uniformed garda independent of the interview process. But there came a stage when the interviewing gardaí­ became the supervisors for cigarette breaks.
Having made the purported confession, the process moved on. Power continued to have cigarette breaks which were again supervised by uniformed gardaí­ independent of the interview process.
Mr McGinn claimed the gardaí­ gave Power information that they said back to them in order to solve the case. When they came to admit the shooting, they did so in a way that parroted what the gardaí­ told him, counsel claimed.
Simply from an objective point of view, the interviewing gardaí­ should not have been having the level of contact they were having with Power outside the formal interviewing process, counsel said.
When looking at the pattern of contact, Mr McGinn claimed it couldn't simply be a coincidence that the key interview, interview seven, came when the interviewing gardaí­ were having this contact with Power.
Counsel for the Director of Public Prosecutions, Anthony Sammon SC, said there was no substance in what Power's lawyers were saying.
Mr Sammon said the appellant's submissions were “like a vol-au-vent where you find the sauce but there's no mushroom and no chicken”.
Mr Justice Edwards said the court could see no basis to legitimately interfere with the trial judge's ruling on voluntariness of Power's admissions. They said the complaint was “untenable”.
Mr Justice Edwards, who sat with Mr Justice George Birmingham and Mr Justice John Hedigan, dismissed Power's appeal.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Slovak championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Slovan Bratislava 1 DAC Dunajska Streda 1 Saturday, August 12 AS Trencin 1 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 1 Ruzomberok 0 Spartak Trnava 2 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 0 1.FC Tatran Presov 1 Zilina 7 FK Senica 1 Friday, August 11 Nitra 1 ViOn Zlate Moravce 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Spartak Trnava 4 4 0 0 7 2 12 ------------------------- 2 Nitra 4 3 1 0 6 0 10 3 Slovan Bratislava 4 2 2 0 9 4 8 ------------------------- 4 DAC Dunajska Streda 4 2 2 0 5 3 8 ------------------------- 5 ViOn Zlate Moravce 4 2 0 2 5 4 6 6 1.FC Tatran Presov 4 2 0 2 5 11 6 7 Ruzomberok 4 1 1 2 6 5 4 8 AS Trencin 4 1 1 2 5 6 4 9 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 4 1 1 2 3 4 4 10 Zilina 4 1 0 3 9 7 3 11 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 4 0 1 3 0 3 1 ------------------------- 12 FK Senica 4 0 1 3 3 14 1 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 12: Relegation
SAO PAULO Mayor Joao Doria said they would do everything possible to stop leftist former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva from regaining the presidency, but Doria stopped short of saying they would run in presidential elections next year.
An ex-business person, Doria has seen their poll numbers rise fast for a possible presidential run. Yet they said they remain loyal to their political mentor, São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin, who has made it clear they want to contest the presidency.
Doria swept to an unprecedented first-round victory in October's municipal elections.  They are widely seen as a strong presidential candidate among Brazilians disillusioned with traditional politicians.
A corruption investigation code named Operation Car Wash has revealed kickbacks from construction companies to politicians of all major parties. Lula faces five court cases related to the investigations, which could prevent them from running next year.
"Public opinion is unfavourable to candidates with a political profile," Doria told Reuters in their offices. "This is a very clear sentiment in Brazil and it's going to have an influence on the 2018 elections."
The multimillionaire media entrepreneur romped to victory in October portraying themselves as an efficient manager, not a politician. They ousted the incumbent mayor from Lula's Workers Party.
Doria used to host Brazil's version of the Apprentice and has been ubiquitous on social media, yet they have downplayed the inevitable comparisons with U.S. President Donald Trump.
They said they ran for mayor following the Car Wash probe's revelations of corruption and blamed interventionist policies during 13 years of Workers Party rule for pushing Brazil into a deep recession.
Brazil moved to the right last year when Lula's successor Dilma Rousseff was impeached for breaking budgetary rules. But now many are frustrated with the austerity measures pursued by centre-right President Michel Temer. Several polls show Lula is the favourite in voting intentions for the presidency, though they suggest they could lose in a second round.
"Now Lula wants to dispute the 2018 elections as a savior!" Doria said. "I will use all my strength as a citizen and mayor to speak out and say enough is enough. Look at the disastrous state they left Brazil in."
Doria insisted their focus was running São Paulo, a city of 12 million and Brazil's economic powerhouse.  They are launching a privatisation programme worth $2.3 billion to generate funds for health and education investment.
As part of their "Beautiful City" campaign, the mayor has appeared on weekends to clean downtown city streets and squares. They often dress in a garbage collector's overalls, prompting critics to suggest they are playing to the media gallery.
Asked if they might contest the presidency if they were the only candidate ahead of Lula in the polls, Doria replied "Only God knows the future."
They added: "We are on the right track but I don't want to suggest that is paving the way for any candidacy. Everything in due course. We have a long path ahead of us."
(Reporting by Daniel Flynn and Eduardo Simoes; Editing by David Gregorio)
Egypt was able to free 72 Egyptian fishermen who were detained in Yemen. They are set to start returning to Egypt on Monday, according to a statement issued by the Egyptian Embassy in Yemen.
Egyptian ambassador to Yemen Youssef Al-Sharqawy, who resides in Saudi Arabia, said in the statement that the embassy was regularly contacting the Yemeni authorities to coordinate the fishermen's safe return to Egypt.
Last week, Egypt was also able to free 49 fishermen that were kidnapped in Yemen late November by Houthi rebels. Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Ahmed Abou Zaid said in a statement that Egyptians who are staying in Yemen should stay away from conflict areas.
The political turmoil in Yemen started in 2011, when protests swept the country in opposition to the ruling of former Yemeni president Ali Abdallah Saleh. When the protests increased, Saleh had to appoint Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi as the acting president as a soothing measure; however, the protests continued.
In 2012, Saleh had to cede power to Hadi in a step that was depicted as a peaceful transmission of presidency. However, in 2014, Houthi rebels took over several parts in Yemen with the implicit help of Saleh. In 2015, the Saudi-led coalition started its operations in Yemen against the Houthi rebels to maintain the legitimacy of Hadi. This coalition included Egypt and eight other countries and reportedly led to the death of hundreds of civilians.
A civil war has erupted in Yemen since then; at least 6,500 have been killed over the past few years, including 3,200 civilians, according to observatories.
S.Korea stocks down on Fed hike, comments on cutting bond portfolio
* Local institutions seem worried, selling large amount of KOSPI * KOSPI to continue upward trend -analyst * Won erases gains as dlr rebounds SEOUL, June 15 South Korean shares slid to a one-week low early on Thursday as the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and said it would reduce its holdings in bonds and other securities, signalling a more positive outlook on the U.S. economy. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was dow
The Hamilton sevens had only been underway a matter of hours when World Rugby boss Brett Gosper gave the inaugural event an early seal of approval, hinting it could feature for years to come.
Given the timing of Gosper's endorsement, straight after New Zealand's opening match, it must be kept in context. After this event, New Zealand has one more year on its hosting rights contract.
Much can change in that time. It only takes one incident or poor crowd turnout to alter attitudes.
Read more: NZ sevens blow away France in opening match
Just ask Wellington, once the hottest ticket in town, how quickly perceptions can change.
Advertisement
With 18 countries bidding for 10 sevens tournaments there are no guarantees Hamilton will be a permanent fixture on the World Series calendar just yet.
But after selling 24,000 tickets to each of the two days, Hamilton certainly made an early impression on Gosper. Crowd attendance and behaviour; player feedback, television and sponsors viewership are other key boxes to tick, most of which won't be known until reviews are completed.
"The field is amazing. It's a great size for sevens and the organisers seem to have gone out of their way to make the players happy; they're all reporting back that it's a brilliant tournament," Gosper said.
"We didn't have time to worry they sold the tickets so quickly – they went almost on the first day. Obviously something needed refreshing, changing, after the Wellington sevens. This seems to be a good alternative on first sight.
"This tournament has definitely learnt from any negative activity that might have been in Wellington."
The tender process is underway to determine which countries will be awarded four-year hosting rights from 2020.
"New Zealand will be one of the countries applying for that. I think they've got a very strong chance given what we've seen here and what we'll see over the next couple of days. They'll have a very strong bid I'm sure."
After their Olympic gold medal triumph, Pacific neighbours Fiji is one destination New Zealand will go head-to-head with.
"They are one of the countries tendering. It would be wonderful if that could work in some way. We've always had a positive view of Fiji tendering. The world loves to see Fiji play so I'm sure it'd like to see them host but it's down to the competition."
Fans and supporters at the Hamilton Sevens. Photo / Photosport
Last week Sydney hosted the first integrated women's and men's tournament over three days, and there is a major push for others to now follow.
As it stands, the men have 10 tournaments; women five. Next year New Zealand Rugby will look to run a four-team women's invitational tournament alongside the men, with the aim of expanding that further should Hamilton retain the hosting rights.
"We'd like to see more women's tournaments and we'd like to see more women's tournaments coupled with the men's. I certainly think as part of their tender the women will be part of Hamilton in the future. Perhaps not next year, but there might be an intermediate step where they involve some women's teams.
"They've told us to integrate the women in their tender for the next cycle so that's all positive."
While the tournament in Sydney was a success, the Australian Rugby Union lost over $700,000 and Gosper admitted World Rugby needed to lessen the burden to increase the women's involvement.
"We'll reward hosts that integrate the men and the women. We won't pay for all of it but we'll reward them financially for doing that.
"There's a contribution World Rugby makes currently to the host cities. We would increase that – we haven't decided by how much – so it would be in their interests.
"We're in a growth and investment phase in women's rugby so it's right we add extra dollars from the centre, as it's right they add extra dollars locally to make that happen."
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AURELIUS EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES SE & CO KGAA :
* AURELIUS SUBSIDIARY GHOTEL EXPANDS FURTHER WITH ACQUISITION OF TWO NEW HOTEL OPERATIONS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bollywood actor Fardeen Khan and their wife Natasha became proud parents for the second time on 11th August. The couple named their newborn son Azarius.
Recently, Fardeen took to their Twitter page to share the first picture of their tiny tot. Have a look at it here...
BLANTYRE, March 30 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Four years ago, Malawian teenager Anthony had ambitions to become a doctor, but in their last year at school they were diagnosed with liver cirrhosis after becoming hooked on cheap, strong liquor.
Campaigners in the southern African country say potent alcohol - ten times the strength of normal beer - is destroying young lives, potentially impacting the country's development. They are calling for a complete ban on the liquor.
"Back then I never thought of the consequences," said Anthony who asked not to give their second name. "We used to sneak out with friends to go drinking since it was cheap and easy to get but then I started getting ill often."
Anthony, who lives with their uncle in Malawi's commercial hub Blantyre, began missing class due to illness and their grades slipped. They started sleeping in hostels and often ended up in hospital.
"My ambition was to become a doctor but I performed miserably at the final examination. Now I assist my brother at their grocery shop."
Anthony is one of many young people who have become addicted to cheap super-strength liquor since it appeared in Malawi about a decade ago.
One teacher told the Thomson Reuters Foundation that even some primary school children were drinking after class - the behaviour of some in their school indicated they were also drinking between lessons.
The super-strength liquor is called masacheti - derived from the word sachet because it used to be sold in small plastic pouches. The sachets cost as little as 100 Malawi Kwacha (14 cents) making them affordable to both the poor and the young.
Pressure groups, concerned about growing alcohol abuse among Malawi's youth are pushing for new legislation on the production, distribution and sale of alcohol.
A draft alcohol policy drawn up by the Ministry of Health and non-governmental organisations, which includes recommendations to restrict young people's access to alcohol, was presented to the cabinet for approval in 2015, but has still not been adopted.
Drug Fight Malawi (DFM), a group campaigning for tougher controls, said it believed the drinks industry had intervened to block the policy.
Malawi's Information Minister Nicholas Dausi could not comment on the delay, but agreed alcohol was having a negative impact on development.
However, they said the government could not solve the problem alone – community leaders and families also needed to take responsibility.
"WASTED GENERATION"
There is limited data on alcohol use in Malawi, but a survey by the Ministry of Health and World Health Organization suggests nearly a fifth of men drinks regularly.
Although alcohol use is much lower than in many countries, campaigners are concerned about an increase in heavy drinking among the young.
"The net effect is to create a wasted generation," said DFM project officer Kulimbamtima Chiotcha. "Alcohol is ... subverting the people's right to development."
Chiotcha, who is also a board member of the Southern African Alcohol Policy Alliance, added that alcohol related illnesses and deaths had increased in the last decade.
Oystein Bakke, an adviser with international development agency FORUT, which works with Malawian NGOs to curb heavy drinking, said alcohol was causing considerable harm in many countries in southern Africa with studies suggesting the poor were particularly badly affected.
"Malawi has a young population and alcohol is cheap and also easily accessible to youths. Good interventions are very much needed," they added.
Numerous brands of cheap spirits with over 40 percent alcohol content are on sale throughout Malawi, where half the population lives below the poverty line.
Malawi banned cheap alcohol sachets in 2015 amid growing concern over alcohol abuse among the young and reports of children drinking in class.
But teachers and campaigners say the ban has not addressed the problem. Manufacturers now sell the liquor in 5-litre bottles and it is then decanted into small measures and sold from grocery stores and roadside shacks.
The alcohol is also being exported to neighbouring Mozambique.
On a rainy Monday morning, Michael is sitting head down in a makeshift building in a market in Blantyre's Zingwangwa township. Now and then, the 16-year-old picks up a soft drinks bottle and pours out a tot of clear alcohol.
"I started drinking when I was 13, and now I can drink a large quantity without showing it," they said, adding that the pocket money from their parents was enough to get them drunk.
Michael said they were aware of the risks, but found it difficult to stop.
"I fear for my health because of the stories I hear about my friends who've developed complications," they said.
"I even know some older than me who have died because of drinking, but I also feel free when drunk." ($1 = 716.9100 kwacha) (Editing by Emma Batha. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Villepinte, near Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Emmanuel Macron , head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election delivers a speech during a campaign rally in Villepinte, near Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen came under fire on social media on Tuesday for lifting sections of a speech from a conservative rival, in what Le Pen aides said was a "nod-and-a-wink" to their voters.
Although the speech caused an online sensation over plagiarism, it appeared to be an attempt by Le Pen to reach out to supporters of Francois Fillon, who was knocked out in the April 23 first round of voting after coming third with 20 percent of the vote.
Polls show Le Pen lagging centrist frontrunner Emmanuel Macron by around 20 points before next Sunday's runoff and they need to broaden their base to stand a chance of winning. Fillon has urged voters to back Macron.
In one part of their May 1 speech, lasting about 50 seconds, Le Pen talked about people learning French in Argentina and Poland, and on waiting lists to study at the Alliance Francaise official French schools abroad, in a word-per-word lifting of a mid-April speech by Fillon.
Le Pen added to Fillon's comment that this showed France is more than a military and industrial power, that France "must and can" become a big power again.
It was the second most trending topic on Twitter in France, with the hashtag #plagiat -- plagiarism in French.
One Twitter user, @RidiculeTV, posted both excerpts together on Twitter: here
The incident had echoes of an incident during last year U.S. election when a writer for then-candidate Donald Trump's campaign apologised for a speech by Trump's wife Melania that drew accusations of plagiarism.
UNREPENTANT
The National Front (FN) candidate's team was unrepentant, however. Florian Philippot, an FN deputy leader, said the party "completely owned up" to the fact that the speech resembled one by Fillon.
Le Pen also described France's borders and ties with "Italy, our sister" - again a phrase used in Fillon's April 15 speech, and used the same quote from early 20th century French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau.
In another excerpt about prospects of cooperation with France's neighbours, where the words were again the same as in Fillon's speech, Le Pen added that this would require France not being "a vassal" of Germany.
French newspapers and social media highlighted the similarities, but Le Pen aides brushed off the criticism.
Philippot told Radio Classique that Le Pen's speech was a "nod-and-a-wink" to Fillon's speech in order to "launch a real debate" about French identity.
Le Pen's campaign manager David Rachline also played down plagiarism accusations, painting their speech as a form of tribute to Fillon. The reference "was appreciated, including by all of Mr. Fillon's supporters," Rachline told France 2 television.
There was no immediate comment from Fillon.
Separately, several French business leaders, writing in French business daily Les Echos, warned against what Veolia chief Antoine Frerot called the "catastrophe for French businesses and people" of Le Pen's favoured scrapping of the euro currency and other parts of the FN manifesto.
The latest Ipsos Sopra Steria poll on Tuesday showed Macron winning 60 percent of second-round votes to Le Pen's 40 percent.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Ingrid Melander; Editing by Andrew Callus and Adrian Croft)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone bond yields extended their rise on Friday after U.S. payroll data showed that annual wage growth in the world's biggest economy was the strongest since 2009.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labor market hits full employment.
Germany's 10-year government bond yield hit a fresh high of 0.76 percent after the release of the data, and was up 5 basis points on the day.
Meanwhile, 10-year U.S. Treasury yields rose to 2.84 percent, its highest since early 2014.
British 10-year government bond yields rose to their highest level since May 2016 after the data, peaking at 1.609 percent, 7 basis points up on the day as March gilt futures extended losses.
The dollar extended gains to rise more than half a pecent against a basket of rivals at 89.11. Sterling and the Canadian dollar was among the hardest hit with both currencies down 0.7 percent against the greenback. (Reporting by Fanny Potkin, David Milliken and Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan)
Fancy a festive weekend in the capital? Abi Jackson explores a new winter wonderland in the heart of the city.
Slap bang in the middle of Theatreland, with a star spot on the global cinema map (it lays down the red carpets for more than 52 film premieres a year) and home to the world's ‘biggest sweet shop' (aka M&M's World), it's little wonder Leicester Square is one of London's most famous tourist hotspots.
It's also fair to say it's among the most crowded and clichéd – but that doesn't mean a visit to this West End favourite should be overlooked this winter.
Leicester Square's been given a bit of a festive makeover for the holidays, with shows, stalls and goodies galore waiting to be explored, whether it's a romantic date night, family fun day or get-together with friends that's on the cards. We hopped on the Tube for a girls' day out, to discover some of the highlights…
Soak up some festive spirit
(Christmas In Leicester Square/PA)
Billed as the ‘ultimate festive pop-up', Christmas In Leicester Square – created by the Underbelly events team in partnership with Hilton Hotels & Resorts and running until January 7 – has seen the square transformed into a European-style Christmas market, complete with trees, twinkling lights and a Santa's grotto.
A1: The ultimate festive pop-up @LeicesterSqXmas has a Santa's Grotto where children can meet the man himself, a host of fantastic family shows and a Christmas market with hand-crafted goods and delicious food and drinks. @visitlondon #VisitChristmasChat #LightingUpLSQ pic.twitter.com/3nY3Nrhn30 — London West End (@londonwestend) November 30, 2017
Browse the Alpine-esque wooden stalls selling hats, crafts and artisan gifts, as the festive aromas of roasting chestnuts and hot, chocolatey crepes waft in the background, before refuelling with a steaming mulled wine at the outdoor bar.
Take in a show or some movie magic
The Christmas In Leicester Square pop-up also features a traditional 1920s-style ‘spiegeltent' (mirror tent), where a string of live performances, including comedy, cabaret and dance, are set to take place (advance booking recommended). Visit christmasinleicestersquare.com
Alternatively, why not treat yourself to last-minute tickets at one of the theatres nearby, or take in a movie at Odeon Leicester Square? Yep, tickets might cost double what you'd normally pay out of town, but as a treat for cinema-buffs, it's worth it – just imagine all the famous bums that've sat in those seats?! Remnants of the iconic cinema's Art Deco design, and the vastness of the Screen 1 auditorium, make it pretty special. Visit odeon.co.uk
Enjoy a moment of calm at the Japan Centre
A whole day at Leicester Square might drive even the coolest of cucumbers a little crazy. Thankfully, there are lots of peaceful pockets to be found around and about the side streets – including the wonderful Japan Centre on Panton Street, just five minutes from the square.
Eastern culture vultures and foodies could easily while away a few hours marvelling at the colourful supermarket shelves neatly stacked with Japanese products and feasting on gloriously fresh sashimi, crispy tempura and their signature chicken and wagyu buns from the deli counter.
Looking to warm up a little before heading back out into the cold? Then try some sake tasting; the Centre stocks an array of the Japanese rice wine – be sure to try the sparkling one! Visit japancentre.com/en
We're excited to announce that our pillowy soft Japanese steamed buns are now available at Japan Centre Panton Street. Choose from our savoury char siu, tender chicken and juicy wagyu buns. Available to order at our deli counter. A post shared by Japan Centre (@japancentre) on Oct 12, 2017 at 5:32am PDT
Finish with dinner and a nightcap at W Hotel
It's Friday and the bar awaits! #theperception #friday A post shared by W London (@wlondonhotel) on Dec 1, 2017 at 9:17am PST
If you like a spot of people-watching with your cocktails, or fancy a bit of a Lost In Translation moment (as in, drinking in a swanky hotel bar in the middle of a metropolis – you probably won't bump into Bill Murray, sorry), head to the new Perception Bar at W Hotel (couldn't be easier to find – it's right next to M&M's World).
Calling all foodies! We've teamed up with coveted Chef Magnus Reid to launch our first W Dining Series Reservations are open, book now before the rest of London does! popup@wlondon.co.uk A post shared by W London (@wlondonhotel) on Oct 24, 2017 at 2:35am PDT
The bar team have put their own Leicester Square twist on some classics – so don't be surprised if you're sipping your cocktail out of a ‘popcorn box' – while the restaurant team promise to keep diners on their toes by shaking up their menus every few months. Right now until February, Magnus Reid, the chef behind Shoreditch favourite C.R.E.A.M, is at the helm, with a modern taken on Mediterranean-Australian fusion (the Hand Chopped Onglet and Jerusalem Artichoke, and Tagliatelle with Sausage and Fennel Ragu are seriously good).
Visit wlondon.co.uk.
For more information about what's going on in Leicester Square this festive season, visit leicestersquare.london. For Christmas In Leicester Square dates, times and to book show tickets, visit christmasinleicestersquare.com
© Press Association 2017
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Dollar subdued as Trump probe, weak U.S. data overshadow Fed
TOKYO The dollar nursed losses on Thursday, after weak U.S. inflation data left investors wondering if the Federal Reserve would be able to follow up its latest rate hike with another later this year.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Heroes without capes: Portugal's firefighters work for free
hello
In this photo taken July 26, 2017, a volunteer firefighter enveloped in smoke fights a wild fire on a road leading to the village of Sao Jose das Matas, near Macao, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on June 18, 2017, a burnt car lies on the road between Castanheira de Pera and Figueiro dos Vinhos, near Pedrogao Grande, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, smoke from forest fires rises above the A23 highway near Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on June 18, 2017, burnt cars caught in a forest fire block the road between Castanheira de Pera and Figueiro dos Vinhos, near Pedrogao Grande, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, the jeep of group commander Hugo Simoes drives through a forest road searching for access to a forest fire for the trucks of their group of volunteer firefighters helping fight the fire near the village of Aldeia do Monte outside Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, Hugo Simoes, second right, chats with the group of volunteer firefighters from Lisbon that they are coordinating while refilling their trucks' water tanks to fight a forest fire, near the village of Aldeia do Monte, outside Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, Hugo Simoes, right, watches their group of volunteer firefighters from Lisbon refill the water tanks of their trucks while helping fight a forest fire near the village of Aldeia do Monte, outside Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
In this photo taken on Thursday, Aug. 10 2017, Hugo Simoes talks on the radio while coordinating a group of volunteer firefighters from Lisbon helping fight a forest fire near the village of Aldeia do Monte outside Abrantes, central Portugal. Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed more than 60 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations. More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. Associated Press
LISBON, Portugal -- Almost all of the 2,000 Portuguese firefighters at a weeklong wildfire that killed 64 people this summer had something in common apart from the acute danger they faced: they were doing it for no pay and with equipment bought with public donations.
More than 90 percent of Portugal's around 30,000 firefighters are volunteers. From lawyers to construction workers, they take time off work to risk their lives. What's more, the volunteer fire departments where they work rely on donations and income from working at private events to pay for their equipment.
When they are deployed to a wildfire outside their area of residence during the summer fire season, the government pays these intrepid men and women 1.87 euros ($2) an hour. And the volunteer firefighters usually hand over that meager stipend to their financially stretched fire departments.
Hugo Simoes, a 33-year-old Lisbon bombeiro (firefighter) who was deployed in June to the country's deadliest wildfire on record, says a sense of duty and brotherhood drives the volunteers. "We do it out of community spirit," they say.
Volunteers are not uncommon in fire brigades in Europe and further afield - more than 97 percent of German firefighters are volunteers; in the U.S. that figure is around 70 percent. But in Portugal these unfunded services are the front line in emergencies, providing the backbone of the Civil Protection Agency's resources. There are just seven professional fire departments in the country.
Simoes works for Portugal's oldest fire department, the Bombeiros Voluntarios de Lisboa, created in 1868 by royal decree. For him, the volunteer spirit shown by generations of firefighters is unremarkable. It's a cultural tradition.
"Here in Portugal it's been like this for a long time," they shrug. "We like what we do. On hot days when we could go to the beach, we come here to the fire department instead, to help out."
Simoes nowadays works full-time as an administrative clerk at the fire department, earning around 600 euros a month.
When the alarms rang in June to go and help at a massive blaze in woodland around Pedrogao Grande, about 150 kilometers (90 miles) north of Lisbon, Simoes set off with four vehicles and their crews.
"Some walked out of work and risked being marked as absent," Simoes says. Across the country, other volunteer firefighters did the same.
Scorching weather, as well as strong winds and woodland that was bone dry after months with little rain, fueled the Pedrogao Grande blaze, just as it has other forest fires this summer. The fire spread so quickly that 47 people died on a road as they fled the advancing flames in their cars.
"The stress, the adrenaline, the heat - they demand a huge effort," Simoes said. "At times it can get a bit hairy, but our training kicks in."
Similar scenes play out each summer in Portugal: giant flames dwarf the firefighters, huge clouds of smoke stretch to the horizon, locals help out with buckets and garden hoses and swat at the flames with broken-off tree branches. Wildfires race through eucalyptus and pine forests that are uncleared and tightly packed.
This year has been particularly bad, due to a severe drought gripping 80 percent of the country. Wildfires in Portugal accounted for more than one-third of the burnt forest in the entire 28-nation European Union up to Aug. 5.
Last week, Simoes and their team were dispatched to a major forest fire in Abrantes, not far from Pedrogao Grande. Firefighters brought the blaze under control within 48 hours.
The volunteer firefighters are commonly depicted as heroes in Portugal. A recent fund-raising campaign described them as "heroes without capes." Calls for food and water to help the firefighters inevitably bring a nationwide deluge of donations.
About 80 people are on call at the Bombeiros Voluntarios de Lisboa. They receive more than 300 hours of training, which is also done outside their day job.
Simoes says the department has always had enough staff, though it is stretched in emergencies.
It scrapes by financially. Fire suits cost almost 2,000 euros each. The recent purchase of 100 new helmets cost 28,000 euros.
Portugal's volunteer fire departments often use vehicles bought second-hand. In Lisbon, that includes a fire truck purchased in Luxembourg. A new one costs more than 250,000 euros - way beyond their budget. Their dream, they confide, is to own a big American fire truck.
Made any New Year's resolutions?
For those who did, chances are they plan to be a better person, according to the Marist Poll. The poll analyzed the top resolutions for the year and broke down the resolutions by demographics.
Being a better person led the way at 16 percent, while weight loss and exercising more tied for second at 10 percent. Improving finances, health and eating healthier all weighed in at 7 percent.
In 2016, weight loss was No. 1 at 12 percent, while getting a better job took second at 10 percent. Exercising more, quitting smoking and improving one's health all had nine percent.
Last year's resolutions were kept by 68 percent of people, according to the poll. The commitment to keeping the promise to oneself was up from 64 percent the previous year and was the highest mark since 2013, when 72 percent of those polled said they stuck with their goals.
For women in 2017, 19 percent mentioned being a better person than any other improvement. For men, being a better person tied exercising at 12 percent as the top goal.
ez1095 2016 software is now available to print and efile corrected Affordable Care Act Forms 1095 C, 1094 C, 1095 B & 1094 B. Step-by-step online guide for ease of use is available at www.halfpricesoft.com.
Contact
Casey yang
***@halfpricesoft.com Casey yang
End
-- The efile features of the ez1095 Affordable Care Act (ACA) software application now come with easy to use online guide for step-by-step instructions about how to correct 1095 and 1094 ACA forms. Customers are able to now purchase the efile version for a quicker solution to processing forms 1095 and 1094 for testing, production, replacement or correction submission."The new efile version of ez1095 2016 software for printing ACA forms is available with an online guide for easy to manage filing." said Dr. Ge, the founder of Halfpricesoft.com.ez1095 ACA form software is easy-to-use and flexible. ez1095 software's graphical interface leads customers step-by-step through setting up company, adding employees, add forms and print forms. Customers can also click form level help links to get more details regarding the software.The main features include but are not limited to :- Print ACA Form 1095-C, 1094-C, 1095-B and 1094-B on white paper for recipients and IRS with inkjet or laser printer.- PDF print 1095-C and 1095-B recipient copies- Efile version available at additional cost.- Support unlimited companies.- Support unlimited number of recipients.- Print unlimited number of 1095 and 1094 forms.- Fast data import feature- Print Form 1095 C: Employer-Provided Health Insurance Offer and Coverage Insurance- Print Form 1094 C: Transmittal of Employer-Provided Health Insurance Offer and Coverage Information Returns- Print Form 1095-B: Health Coverage- Print Form 1094-B: Transmittal of Health Coverage Information Returnez1095 2016 software is compatible Windows 10, 8.1, 8, 7, Vista, XP and other Windows systems. Potential customers can download and try this software at no obligation by visiting http://www.halfpricesoft.com/ aca-1095/form- 1095-software- ... Priced at just $195, ($295 for efile version) this ACA forms filing software saves employers time and money. To learn more about ez1095 ACA software, customers can visithttps://youtu.be/ptvoTxgbh8wAbout halfpricesoft.comFounded in 2003, Halfpricesoft.com has established itself as a leader in meeting the software needs of small businesses around the world with its payroll software, employee attendance tracking software, check printing software, W2 software, 1099 software and barcode generating software. It continues to grow with its philosophy that small business owners need affordable, user friendly, super simple, and totally risk-free software.
By Nurudeen Obalola in Uyo: The Nigeria Football Federation on Friday signed a partnership and sponsorship agreement with the agricultural processing conglomerate Tropical General Investment Group here in Uyo on Friday as the Super Eagles prepared to face Zambia in a World Cup qualifier, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
TGI Executive Director Onyekachi Onubogu signed the three-year agreement on behalf of TGI, while President Amaju Pinnick, Vice-Presidents Seyi Akinwunmi and Shebi D ikko, as well as League Management Company Chief Executive Officer Nduka Irabor, represented the NFF at the signing ceremony held at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium.
“TGI is a multi-national agricultural processing conglomerate and we have the largest rice mill in Nigeria, which is in Kebbi State,” Onubogu said at the press conference to announce the partnership.
“We have invested big in Nigeria and we want to show loyalty and passion for Nigeria by investing big in football. Football is very important in Nigeria and this is an opportunity to work with the NFF and help develop Nigerian football.
“We support the NFF's desire to grow Nigerian football with private sector participation. We want to partner with the NFF in ensuring Nigerian football grows from strength to strength. We hope other corporates will partner with the NFF to grow Nigerian football.
“We at TGI are privileged and excited to be associated with the NFF and Nigerian football. We hope the Super Eagles will do very well at the World Cup, because I believe they will qualify tomorrow; it's a formality.”
Pinnick praised TGI for identifying with Nigerian football, and promised that more of such partnership agreements would be signed.
“This is an important moment in Nigerian football's drive for excellence,” the NFF President said. “We're happy a huge conglomerate like TGI is partnering with us. They've seen our processes and our integrity and they've seen we want to be 100 per cent private- sector driven to refocus Nigerian football.
“Lots more partnerships like this one will come after the Super Eagles secure the World Cup ticket. TGI is a very thorough company and they have shown with this agreement that they find our processes satisfactory.
“More Nigerian companies should identify with us because football is huge in this country. I saw loads of buses heading to Uyo as I was driving down from Warri. All of them were coming for tomorrow's match.”
Dikko explained that the partnership is for three years, with three of TGI's numerous products being the ones involved for now.
They added that TGI's Big Bull Rice is now the official rice of the Super Eagles. TGI also has the option of sponsoring the Super Falcons while they will sponsor the Super Eagles man of the match in subsequent matches.
Dikko however did not disclose the monetary value of the deal, promising to provide details later.
Nigeria host Zambia in a key World Cup qualifier here in Uyo on Saturday with a win guaranteeing passage for the Super Eagles.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Them Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Acting Prime Minister and Attorney-General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum during the groundbreaking ceremony to construct funeral rites facilities at Vatuwaqa yesterday. Picture: ATU RASEA
THE Government is set to construct two more funeral rites facilities in Lautoka and Nausori in the coming months.
This is after the groundbreaking ceremony to construct funeral rites facilities at the Vatuwaqa crematorium in Suva yesterday.
While officiating at the ceremony yesterday, Attorney-General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum said the facility would be built to mid-international standards and would allow grieving family members to send off their loved ones with dignity.
The facility worth $746,699 will have a car park, a walkway which stretches out to sea, bathrooms that will have hot and cold water available, rooms that can accommodate five families in any given day and a cooking area, plus seats constructed along the walkway.
"There are three things that are very important in life, if you view it from a cultural aspect, one is birth, the second one is death, in between you have marriage, and they are the only three key events that bring people together," Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said.
"You would find that families meet each other at a funeral, families they haven't seen for years. The other one, of course, is marriages that does take place."
They said performing the last rites to loved ones who passed on was a very dear and personal component in people's life.
"When we actually perform these rituals, the environment where we perform these rituals must be conducive to the environment that gives people dignity.
"That make people feel that they are able to carry out these rituals in the manner that they should, and the environment they are performing the rituals in a place that is respected, that requires a level of sacredness," Mr Sayed-Khaiyum.
The construction of the facility is expected to be completed within 26 weeks.
March 30 Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Ltd :
* Total group sales for 6-month period ended 1 february 2017 were NZ$122.9 million, an increase of 9.4pct
* Net profit after tax for 6-month period was NZ$9.185 million, an increase of 34.7pct
* Recommended an interim dividend of 14.5 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Jon Rahm of Spain spreads out some balls as they work out on the range during Monday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Spain's Jon Rahm will seek inspiration from the late Seve Ballesteros this week when they make their first appearance in the U.S. Masters after a stellar start to the season.
The 22-year-old won the Farmers Insurance Open and finished second behind world number one Dustin Johnson in the WGC Dell Matchplay to put themselves in contention to become the first player to win on their Augusta debut since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979.
Ballesteros, who claimed the Masters title twice, would have celebrated their 60th birthday on Sunday. They died of cancer in 2011 at the age of 54.
"Seve is my ultimate idol and the name Seve Ballesteros is really important to me," Rahm told reporters on Monday.
"I try to emulate a lot of things they did."
Spaniard Jose Maria Olazabal was the last Spanish Masters winner in 1999 and they also donned the Green Jacket in 1994, the year in which Rahm was born.
"For a Spaniard, it's hard to explain all the feelings that come to mind," Rahm said. "It really is a place that seems to suit the Spanish character, the Spanish way of playing."
Rahm has climbed to 12th in the world rankings and really sprung to prominence in a dramatic WGC final against Johnson last month in which they fought back from five down to lose at the last hole in the matchplay event.
"I learned that if I have a good day I can take on the number one player in the world," Rahm said.
Rahm has benefited from a close relationship with five-times major champion Phil Mickelson whose brother Tim is the Spaniard's manager.
"Obviously I've been able to play a lot with Phil," Rahm said. "We all know how great a guy they are and how much they can help a person and how knowledgeable they are in the game of golf.
"The way they study the game, they think about it more than anybody else. The insight he's got, it really is amazing."
The muscular Rahm, who drives the ball a prodigious distance and has the shot-making skills required to win at Augusta, is not short of confidence either.
"If I didn't think I could win the tournament, I wouldn't be here," they said.
"When I tee it up, it's just because I want to win and I believe that I can win."
(Editing by)
(Corrects name of drug in 2nd paragraph from "pancuronium bromide" to "vercuronium bromide")
By Steve Barnes
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 19 The Arkansas Supreme Court late on Wednesday stayed the execution of Stacey Johnson, one of two inmates due to die on Thursday, and returned their case to the trial court for reconsideration of potential DNA evidence, handing the state another obstacle as it tried to execute eight prisoners in 11 days.
Minutes later a state circuit judge granted a temporary restraining order barring the state from using one of three drugs employed in its execution protocol. The order was requested by McKesson Medical-Surgical, Inc, which has accused the state of obtaining the drug, vercuronium bromide, under false pretenses.
McKesson said it would not have sold the drug to the Arkansas prison system had it known it would be used in executions. The company is demanding that the drug either be returned or impounded.
Arkansas officials have said they are unable to obtain the necessary drug from any other source, and have acknowledged in court papers that should McKesson prevail, all pending executions would be effectively blocked.
The state had planned to execute the inmates in four pairs over 11 days. The sentences of three of the prisoners were stayed in earlier proceedings.
State Attorney General Leslie Rutledge, a Republican, said through their spokesperson Judd Deere that they would appeal the restraining order to the state Supreme Court. An appeal of Johnson's stay of execution was undecided, Deere said. Pending before the U.S. Supreme Court is an appeal by all eight inmates, who contend the compressed execution schedule increased the likelihood of a botched execution and that one of the three drugs, midazolam, has been proven ineffective in rendering unconsciousness prior to administration of the two lethal agents.
A federal appeals court had rejected their arguments after a district judge had sustained them.
The executions set for Thursday would have been the first in Arkansas in a dozen years, and the eight together would have been the most for any state in as a short a period since the U.S. death penalty was reinstated in 1976.
Governor Asa Hutchinson set the unprecedented schedule due to one of the drugs in the state's lethal injection mix expiring at the end of the month. They said on Wednesday they were "both surprised and disappointed" by the delays.
Johnson was convicted of the 1993 murder and sexual assault of Carol Heath. Prosecutors said they beat, strangled and slit Heath's throat while their 6-year-old daughter watched.
Johnson's lawyers said experts have proven the child's testimony was unreliable. They also said the execution should be put on hold to allow for newer types of DNA testing that were previously unavailable.
"Today's techniques are much more sophisticated and precise than the methods used before trial," attorney Jeff Rosenzweig said after the ruling. "We think it will go a long way toward exonerating him.”
Rutledge said in a statement that the decision would be upsetting to Heath's family.
Lee was convicted of beating Debra Reese to death with a tire iron in 1993. On Tuesday, a state judge denied a motion from Lee's lawyers for DNA testing. (Reporting by Steve Barnes in Little Rock, Arkansas, and Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Toni Reinhold and Bill Trott)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
(Adds dealer quotes, details on Fed minutes, Toronto home sales; updates prices) * Canadian dollar at C$1.3427, or 74.78 U.S. cents * Bond prices higher across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 5 The Canadian dollar edged lower on Wednesday against the greenback as oil prices eased off one-month highs, while minutes from the Federal Reserve's latest meeting supported the view that Canadian and U.S. monetary policy will diverge. Most Fed policymakers think the U.S. central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as economic data holds up, the minutes showed. Earlier in the day, data showing U.S. private-sector employers created more jobs than expected in March supported expectations of at least two more interest rate hikes from the Fed this year. "There is an expectation that interest rate differentials are going to continue to diverge, which is putting the Canadian dollar under pressure," said Scott Lampard, head of global markets at HSBC Bank Canada. U.S. crude prices settled 12 cents higher at $51.15 a barrel, but had pared some gains as support from an outage at the largest UK North Sea oilfield was offset by a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories to a record high. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3427 to the greenback, or 74.78 U.S. cents, weaker than Tuesday's close of C$1.3406, or 74.59 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3379 to C$1.3435. On Tuesday, the loonie hit a nearly three-week low at C$1.3455, pressured by a loss of risk appetite and domestic data showing an unexpected trade deficit. Toronto home sales and prices surged in March, an industry report showed, fueling fears of a real estate bubble in Canada's largest city. The risk of triggering "a problem in the Canadian housing market" may cause the Bank of Canada to tread softly on interest rate increases, Lampard said. The central bank's next rate decision and monetary policy report are due on April 12. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the two-year up 2.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.724 percent and the 10-year rising 21 Canadian cents to yield 1.558 percent. On Tuesday, the 10-year yield touched its lowest in four months at 1.545 percent. Canada's employment report for March is due on Friday. Economists forecast that Canada added just 5,000 jobs after a strong run of employment gains. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
April 6 Xinhu Zhongbao Co Ltd
* Says board plans to issue up to 9 billion yuan ($1.30 billion) debt financing instruments
* Says company owner Huang Wei has bought 150 million shares in the company, equivalent to 1.7 percent of total issued share capital between March 9 and 24
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oMsj6T; bit.ly/2p4ISdi
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8975 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has called the Karnataka's Congress government decision on Monday to recognise the Hindu sects of Lingayats and Veerashaiva Lingayats as separate religion an attempt to "divide the Hindu society".The party's Lok Sabha member Shobha Karandlaje, tweeted: "Kannadigas (people of Karnataka) will never forgive you (Chief Minister) Siddaramaiah for your intention of dividing the Hindu society. For cheap vote bank politics, you are playing a dirty game. You cheated the whole community by dividing the leaders and Swamijis of Karnataka."By granting a separate religion status, the ruling Congress was asking Lingayats and Veerashaiva Lingayats, who believe in 12th century social reformer Basava's ideologies, to not follow Hinduism, they alleged.Briefing media persons after a cabinet meet, state Law Minister T.B. Jayachandra said: "Based on the recommendations of Karnataka State Minorities Commission, the state cabinet has unanimously decided to grant status of religious minority to Lingayats and Veerashaiva Lingayats."Lingayats and Veerashaiva Lingayats,Awho worship Shiva, together constitute the largest community (17 per cent) in the southern state, and their votes could influence the outcome of the upcoming state assembly polls in April-May.AThe BJP, whose Chief Ministerial candidate B.S.Yeddyurappa is a Lingayat, is widely seen to have influence in the community which the ruling Congress is seeking to woo.Prior to the cabinet meet held here, a group of Lingayat seers from across the state had met the Chief Minister urging them to grant the religious status to them."We are extremely grateful to the cabinet for considering the Commission's recommendations," the seers told reporters after the government's decision.
PRAGUE, April 13 Following is the full text of the minutes from the Czech central bank (CNB) governing board's April 6 extraordinary monetary policy meeting, released on Thursday.
Present at the meeting: Governor Jiri Rusnok, vice-governors Mojmir Hampl and Vladimir Tomsik, board members Vojtech Benda, Marek Mora and Tomas Nidetzky.
The regular board meeting was devoted exceptionally to, among other things, a discussion of monetary policy issues. At the start of the meeting, the Board was informed about the latest macroeconomic indicators. Leading and coincidence indicators from the domestic economy remained favourable, especially as regards industrial production, retail sales and lending to the private sector. Relatively rapid wage growth in industry in both January and February this year could be regarded as a positive signal. This indicated that the slowdown in wage growth in the business sector in the fourt quarter of 2016 had evidently been only temporary. By contrast, the construction industry was still in decline as a result of a continued fall in infrastructure investment. The February 2017 foreign trade figures had been in line with the current CNB forecast.
The Board then resumed its discussion from the previous regular monetary policy meeting. The prevailing view was that the conditions for sustainable fulfilment of the 2 percent inflation target in the future had been met. It was said repeatedly that the current macroeconomic situation was fundamentally different from that in 2012–2013, when there had been a real threat of deflation linked with protracted recession of the Czech economy. Currently, by contrast, inflation had reached roughly the level that the CNB had considered optimal when the exchange rate had been introduced. The inflation forecast was pointing to sustainable fulfilment of the target at the monetary policy horizon, and inflation expectations were well anchored. Wage growth was also positive, including in the light of the latest monthly indicators. Economic sentiment as favourable as well. In this situation, continuation of the exchange rate commitment was therefore no longer necessary from the perspective of fulfilment of the CNB's primary objective of price stability. In this regard, the opinion was expressed that the Czech economy had room for a slight tightening of monetary conditions. The apparent 'overboughtness' of the koruna market would prevent the exchange rate from appreciating sharply.
The Board also again discussed the potential benefits and risks of immediately ending the exchange rate commitment by comparison with the option of continuing it. It was said several times that maintaining the exchange rate commitment for a further few weeks or months would not fundamentally affect future economic developments. It would not represent such a strong additional safeguard against any substantial anti-inflationary shocks. Such shocks could always occur, especially as regards cost shocks from the external environment, but there was no indication of them at present. Moreover, the CNB knew how to respond to them under its flexible inflation targeting regime. Against that, the opinion was expressed that a later exit from the exchange rate commitment would make the fulfilment of the inflation target more robust and monetary policy would be in a more comfortable situation even if negative shocks were to occur.
The board members agreed that the exchange rate commitment had proved effective as an extraordinary monetary policy instrument. Renewed use of the exchange rate or some other suitable unconventional instrument could not be ruled out if a risk of deflation associated with weak demand in the economy and unanchored inflation expectations were to re-emerge in the future. However, this was highly unlikely to happen in the near future.
At the end of its extraordinary meeting, the Board decided to end the CNB's exchange rate commitment. The koruna exchange rate would thus now move according to supply and demand on the foreign exchange market. The CNB stood ready to use its instruments to mitigate potential excessive exchange rate fluctuations if needed. (Reporting by Mirka Krufova)
April 6 Chongqing Zhifei Biological Products Co Ltd :
* Says it renewed vaccine promotion agreement with U.S. pharma company to promote vaccine products in China mainland
* Says agreement amount is about 1.18 billion yuan in total
* Agreement period is from 2017 to 2020
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zeL7wR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 10 New York's Department of Financial Services (DFS) is investigating Barclays over its chief executive's attempt to unmask a whistleblower, a person familiar with the matter said on Monday.
The DFS probe is in the preliminary stages, the person said.
Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley apologised to the bank's staff on Monday, after the lender said it would dock their pay and reprimand them for failing to follow the lender's policy granting whisteblowers anonymity.
A spokesperson for Barclays declined to comment.
The bank said in a statement on Monday that it had notified all relevant authorities about its handling of the case.
Barclays is licensed by DFS to do business in New York.
(Reporting by Karen Freifeld in New York, writing by Lawrence White)
Anthony Winfert, a third grader at Lincoln Elementary School, participates in a jump rope competition Tuesday during Jump Rope for Heart. The American Heart Association event draws awareness to heart health for school students.
MacMurray College football player Pharoah Bryson talks with a group of kindergartners Tuesday during Jump Rope for Heart at Lincoln Elementary School.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
NEW YORK A restaurant in New York has temporarily brought to life an eatery envisioned by Tupac Shakur, coinciding with the late rapper's induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
Sweet Chick, a Southern-style restaurant in Manhattan's Lower East Side, transformed into 'Powamekka Cafe' on Friday, based on Shakur's plans that were written on three handwritten pages in their personal journal, the restaurant said.
The pop-up cafe, recreated in collaboration with Shakur's estate, will be open through Sunday and will feature some of the rapper's favorite dishes such as macaroni and cheese, meatloaf, cheese fries and fried chicken wings.
It will also have some of the rapper's personal photos, poetry and memorabilia on display and special items for fans to purchase.
Shakur, who was 25 when they were killed in a drive-by shooting in 1996, is one of the most influential figures in rap history. On Friday they will become only the sixth rap act to be inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
(Reporting by Alicia Powell in New York; Writing by Melissa Fares; Editing by Bill Rigby)
April 10 Stada
* Stada supports the voluntary public tender offer by Bain Capital and Cinven worth euro 66.00 per share
* Stada received two transaction offers for voluntary public tender offers only subject to approval of executive board
* Bain capital and Cinven are offering euro 65.28 plus a dividend of euro 0.72 per Stada share
* Executive board and supervisory board have decided in the best interest of company to support offer by Bain Capital and Cinven
* Stada - Executive board, acting with approval of supervisory board, has decided to forgo existing standstill agreements with Bain Capital and Cinven
* Stada - Stada, Bain Capital and Cinven have signed an investor agreement with extensive protection provisions for employees and production sites
* Offer estimates Stada's equity value at approximately euro 4.109 billion plus dividend and company's value at about euro 5.318 billion.
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
DUBLIN The Irish government may relax its cap on bankers' pay to allow Bank of Ireland (BKIR.I) to find a suitable new CEO, finance minister Michael Noonan said on Monday.
Bank of Ireland CEO Richie Boucher announced last month that they will retire before the end of the year after almost a decade in charge of the country's largest lender by assets, which has begun the search for a replacement.
Since Boucher was appointed CEO in February 2009, shortly after all Irish-owned lenders sought a state bailout, the government has imposed a cap of 500,000 euros (426,150 pounds) on annual salaries at rescued banks.
In a prospectus issued last week in relation to a proposed share consolidation, Bank of Ireland said the 500,000 euro pay caps "places it at an increasing competitive disadvantage in seeking to retain and attract staff, particularly those with certain skill sets and in international locations."
Noonan said that as the government held only a 14 percent stake in Bank of Ireland, it might be more flexible over pay than it has been with the two other lenders it bailed out, which are still majority state-owned.
"In the case of Richie Boucher's replacement, we'll see who the replacement is but Richie's salary was never bound by the cap and we are only a 14 percent investor in the Bank of Ireland," Noonan told reporters.
"So if they appoint someone significant from outside, I think the parameters for negotiating pay will be somewhere in line with Richie Boucher's ... It will depend on who they find. It's not decided yet."
Boucher's gross annual salary has remained at 690,000 euros throughout their tenure and their total compensation package was 958,000 euros last year.
Ireland's two other domestically-owned lenders, Allied Irish Banks (ALBK.I) and permanent tsb (IL0A.I), have changed chief executives since Ireland's banking crisis and had to adhere to the pay limits.
Asked if they should get rid of the limits altogether, Noonan said they would maintain the cap.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries, writing by Padraic Halpin, editing by Susan Fenton)
File Photo: Chinese dredging vessels are purportedly seen in the waters around Mischief Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea in this still image from video taken by a P-8A Poseidon surveillance aircraft provided by the United States Navy May 21, 2015. ...
BEIJING There was "no such thing" as human-made islands in the disputed South China Sea, China's Defence Ministry said on Thursday, and reiterated that any building work was mainly for civilian purposes.
China, which claims most of the resource-rich region, has carried out land reclamation and construction on several islands in the Spratly archipelago, parts of which are also claimed by Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam.
The building has included airports, harbours and other facilities, involving in some cases the dumping of massive amounts of sand to build up land on what were reefs or structures that may only have been exposed at low tide.
But ministry spokesperson Wu Qian implied that was perhaps a misunderstanding, though they said there was construction work which China had every right to do as the Spratlys were inherent Chinese territory.
"There is no such thing as human-made islands," Wu told a regular monthly news briefing. "Most of the building is for civilian purposes, including necessary defensive facilities."
The South China Sea is generally stable at present, but some countries outside the region are anxious about this and want to hype things up and create tensions, Wu said, using terminology that normally refers to the United States.
Pressed to explain their comment that were no human-made islands, Wu declined to elaborate, saying China had already provided a full explanation of its construction work.
On Monday, a U.S. think tank said China appeared to have largely completed major construction of military infrastructure on artificial islands it has built in the South China Sea and can now deploy combat planes and other military hardware there at any time.
China has repeatedly denied charges it is militarising the South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Two North Korean Nordic skiers have been invited to take part in the Pyeongchang Paralympics, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said on Friday.
North Korea would march together with South Korean athletes under a unified flag at the Opening Ceremony on March 9 if the offer was accepted, the IOC said.
NEW SMYRNA BEACH, Fla. (WSVN) — Rescue crews resumed searching for an 8-year-old boy, two days after they went missing while swimming off Florida's Atlantic coast.
Crews resumed searching for Hezekiah Hill, Monday morning, after having ended their continuous search at sundown, on Sunday.
Officials said the boy was playing in the surf on New Smyrna Beach, near Daytona Beach. when the strong currents pulled them into deeper water, Saturday. Their 11-year-old sister tried to rescue him, but they were also pulled out and had to be rescued by lifeguards.
Their mother, Bonita Hill, said they still hold out hope Hezekiah will be found alive. “I can't think, I can't eat, I can't sleep. All I can think about is my son,” they said. “I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy, on nobody. I just want my son. That's it.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
May 2 Wuhan Thalys Medical Technology Inc :
* Says it plans to invest 10 million yuan to set up a wholly owned medical test lab company in Huangshi city
* Says co wins the bid from Edong Healthcare group firm, on joint development of the medical test lab project and on provision of purchasing and supply service for Edong Healthcare group and its affiliated hospitals
* Says Edong Healthcare group owns the right to buy back 34 percent stake in the medical test lab if necessary
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DU3OZS ; goo.gl/rdrQxt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 EOG Resources Inc
* EOG Resources Inc - On April 28, 2017, EOG Resources, Inc filed an amendment to its restated certificate of incorporation
* EOG Resources Inc - Amendment to increase number of authorized shares of its common stock from 640 million shares to 1.28 billion shares- SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2pCQaGP] Further company coverage:
The Federation of Philippine Industries (FPI)—composed of 34 industry associations and 132 corporations from across different sectors—will host the 16th Annual Federation of Philippine Industries Golf Tournament at the Tagaytay Midlands Golf Course on February 9.
Senior executives and key stakeholders from the country's Top 1000 Corporations will gather to take part in a charity drive that has consistently proven crucial to the success of the FPI's numerous advocacies to promote Philippine entrepreneurship.
Among the organization's campaigns that the fundraising tournament will benefit are anti-smuggling, power and energy as well as environment sustainability.
The tournament will be co-presented by Coca- Cola FEMSA Philippines, San Miguel Corporation and Philip Morris Philippines Manufacturing Inc. The major hole sponsors are AirLiquide Philippines, Alpha Philippines, Asia Brewery Inc, Banco De Oro, Chamber of Automotive Manufacturers of the Philippines Inc., Eaglematrix Security Agency, Inc., HINO Motors Philippines Corporation, International Container Terminal Services Inc., Manila Electric Company, Magsaysay Shipping Logistics, Markenburg, National Grid Corporation of the Philippines, Oriental and Motolite Marketing Corporation, Pacific Carbonic Corporation, Pacific Paint (BOYSEN) Philippines, Inc., Philippine Confectionery, Biscuits and Snack Food Association, Puyat Steel/Flooring, San Miguel Yamamura Packaging Corporation, Steelasia Manufacturing Corporation, Sycip, Gorres, Velayo & Co., and United Coconut Planters Bank.
LONDON, April 10 BHP Billiton said on Monday the cost of a proposal from hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors to unlock shareholder value would outweigh any benefits.
The plans would involve scrapping the mining giant's dual corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy.
"After reviewing the elements of Elliott's proposal, we have concluded that the costs and associated risks of Elliott's proposal would significantly outweigh any potential benefits," BHP said in a statement.
(Reporting by Rahul B and Barbara Lewis; editing by Jason Neely)
Maintenance ( SKVTechnik (http://skvtechnik.com) hints for maintenance):
Before starting scheduled maintenance or before repairing or repairing the device, take the following precautions:
– Turn off the main switch to disconnect the device from the mains.
– Attach a sign to the system control and controls of the device with the inscription: “DANGER! Maintenance work in progress. ”
– Let the device cool down!
– Wait until the device is completely stopped, d. h., The fan of the electric motor and consequently the impeller no longer rotates.
– Before disconnecting lines, make sure that there is no negative pressure or overpressure in them and that no liquids can escape from the device or system!
– Observe the maintenance instructions in this operating manual.
Risk of cutting or shearing due to the impeller rotation.
Through the openings of the machine housing and cover, after removing the connecting elbows or blind flanges, access is gained to the rotating impeller! In no case the hands or objects by the o. G. Insert openings.
Dangerous electrical voltage!
Inappropriate behavior can cause serious injury! Work on the electrical equipment may only be carried out by qualified and qualified electricians! Before working on the device or the system, the following precautions must be taken:
– Disconnect the mains voltage;
– secure the device against restart;
– only open the terminal box after making sure that there is no voltage.
Danger due to hot surfaces!
Under operating conditions, the unit could overheat, exposing the operator to hot surfaces. Do not touch the device during operation. Let it cool after switching off and wait at least 20 minutes before any intervention.
Danger due to rotating components: Cooling fan of the electric motor.
Although all measures have been taken to reduce the existing hazards during development, there are residual risks due to fan rotation.
Protective measures against risks:
– Do not wear loose or hanging clothes.
– Do not approach with open long hair.
Danger due to the noise level of the device!
Some machines can develop a high level of noise, even over 80 dB (A). The reference values (without consideration of the room reverb) are given in the table of technical data. Protective measures against risks:
Determine the actual sound pressure of the machine at the installation site and if necessary:
– Mark areas with noise hazard accordingly
– prescribe the use of PPE
– isolate the room.
SKVTechnik is an online retailer of side channel blowers. Over three hundred different machine types are available. Customers are expertly operated by manufacturer consultants and thus receive the best advice from a professionally trained specialist for small machine prices.
Customers are testing SKV technology. Rebates are almost 100% passed on to customers, which keeps customers' purchase prices low.
Press contact:
SKVTechnik (http://skvtechnik.com)
Werner Bernberger – SKVTechnik ATEX Representative
Strassberger Str. 31
08527 Plauen
Tel. +49 3741 2510951
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
March 29 Mylan NV:
* Mylan comments on generic Advair Diskus abbreviated new drug application
* In conjunction with Mylan's GDUFA goal date, company received a complete response letter from FDA regarding its ANDA for generic Advair Diskus
* Is in process of reviewing the response and will provide an update on its application as soon as practicable once it has completed its review Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Results of a new animal study into possible health risks of the weedkiller glyphosate will be published in time to inform a key EU re-licensing vote due by the end of 2017, according to the researcher leading the trial.
A row over possible effects of glyphosate - an ingredient in Monsanto's big-selling herbicide Roundup - has prompted investigations by congressional committees in the United States and forced a delay in Europe to a decision on whether it should be banned or re-licensed for sale.
Giving details and preliminary findings of the latest study to Reuters, Italian scientist Fiorella Belpoggi said experimental rats exposed to the herbicide at levels equivalent to those allowed in humans showed no initial adverse reaction.
"Exposed animals had no evident differences from non-exposed animals," Belpoggi, who is director of the Cesare Maltoni Cancer Research Centre at the Ramazzini Institute in Italy, said in a telephone interview.
"But this tells us very little at the moment, because the examinations of key parameters that could be affected by exposure are still being done (and) we are waiting for those results," Belpoggi added.
Those parameters include any genetic changes, as well as potential toxic effects on measures related to fertility, such as sperm, embryo development and offspring growth, they said.
Argument over glyphosate centers on whether it is carcinogenic. Scientists at the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) say it probably does cause cancer, putting them at odds with scientists at the European Food Safety Authority, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and multiple other safety and regulatory agencies around the world, who say it likely doesn't.
Congressional committees in the United States have raised questions about the work and funding of IARC, which is based in Lyon, France, and the Ramazzini Institute, based in Bologna.
IARC and Ramazzini defend the independence of their work and say their research is conducted to the highest scientific standards.
DECADES OF RESEARCH
A spokesperson for Monsanto said: "There are nearly a thousand scientific studies from decades of research that are already available to every regulatory agency in the world, which have all concluded that glyphosate is safe to use."
According to data published by IARC, glyphosate was registered in more than 130 countries as of 2010 and is one of the most heavily used weedkillers in the world. Analysts have estimated Monsanto could lose out on up to $100 million of sales if glyphosate were banned in Europe.
Belpoggi said their team decided to conduct their trial to produce fresh, independent results in an effort to settle differences over glyphosate's health effect.
But they stressed that due to time constraints, the study is not able to analyze the weed killer's potential carcinogenicity, which would take several years to research properly, given the time any tumors might take to develop and grow.
"We are focused on reproductive and developmental issues, in other words, whether glyphosate ... affects the development of embryos, fetuses and pups," they said.
Chemicals that can affect hormones and reproduction are known as endocrine disruptors and, like carcinogens, are subject to strict regulations in the European Union.
This study involves scientists working at five laboratories, Belpoggi's and one other in Italy, and three outside the country. "This was to ensure we would have the best experts analyze each end point," Belpoggi said. The study is funded by the Ramazzini Institute, a research cooperative of around 28,000 members who are its co-owners and raise funds for its work.
Using laboratory rodents known as Sprague Dawley rats, the researchers exposed them to low levels of glyphosate and its formulation Roundup in their diet, equivalent to U.S. Acceptable Daily Intake (ADI) levels permitted in humans.
The U.S. ADI for glyphosate is 1.75 milligrams per kilogram of body weight per day while the European Union ADI for consumers is 0.5 milligrams per kilogram of body weight.
Full results should be available by June, Belpoggi said, and will be submitted in a paper for peer review and publication in a scientific journal. A draft copy of the results will be sent at the same time to the European Commission.
The Commission has said it expects to restart talks with EU member states by August on re-approving the use of glyphosate in herbicides. A decision is due before the end of 2017.
"We would like to have the results in time to help regulators have a good judgment about this chemical," Belpoggi said. "If it is negative (no effect), then I will be happy because I am also exposed. But if there is some damage, then we would like everyone to know."
(Editing by David Holmes)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
(Reuters) - Breitburn Energy Partners LP (BBEPQ.PK) has received a $1.8 billion full cash offer from Lime Rock Resources, according to court papers filed on Friday, a surprise bid that could blow open the oil and gas producer's bankruptcy reorganization plan.
A four-day bankruptcy confirmation hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan ended last month after a bitter valuation battle between Breitburn and its shareholders.
Parties were awaiting a ruling from U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Stuart Bernstein, who is overseeing the case, when Breitburn revealed in a letter to the judge that it had received the bid from Lime Rock, an oil basin acquirer and producer.
“The Lime Rock Resources team seeks to bid aggressively and to remain patient and flexible in negotiations,” the company said in a Jan. 31 letter to Breitburn that was filed with the court on Friday.
Houston, Texas-based Lime Rock's $1.8 billion “stalking horse” offer, which is an initial bid on a bankrupt company's assets, tops a $1.6 billion enterprise valuation by Breitburn's investment bank.
The official committee of equity holders said they believed Breitburn was worth $3.8 billion following a spike in oil prices since the company filed for bankruptcy in 2016. They argued in court that Breitburn had low-balled its valuation in order to favor creditors who stood to gain control over its assets.
Breitburn's reorganization plan envisioned splitting its assets into two companies, one created through a $775 million rights offering and the other through a debt-for-equity swap.
A group of unsecured creditors led by Elliott Management Corp and WL Ross & Co were set to own Breitburn's Permian Basin reserves in Texas through their participation in the rights offering, while creditors with $793 million of debt would own a second company with oil reserves in California, the Rocky Mountains, the U.S. Midwest and Southeast.
Following news of the Lime Rock bid, the equity committee asked the court to reopen the record to submit the new evidence and called for a hearing on Feb. 13.
The stakes are high for the equity holders because Breitburn is structured as a “master limited partnership,” which provides tax advantages when the company is profitable.
But when such companies file for bankruptcy, investors who hold their units can lose an entire investment and still be hit with a tax bill because the debt canceled in the bankruptcy is treated as income.
Breitburn said it has given Lime Rock until March 9 to complete due diligence.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
April 3 The federal government has ordered Wells Fargo to reinstate a former bank manager who lost their job after reporting suspected fraudulent behavior at the bank.
The Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) announced on Monday that the bank must rehire the employee, as well as pay back pay, compensatory damages and attorneys' fees totaling $5.4 million.
OSHA concluded that the manager was "abruptly" forced to leave a Los Angeles branch of the bank in 2010, after they told superiors they suspected two of their subordinates of bank, mail and wire fraud. The manager also called the bank's ethics hotline. OSHA determined their whistleblowing was "at least a contributing factor in their termination." The manager was not named.
The bank is planning to request a full hearing on the OSHA decision before the Labor Department's Office of Administrative Law Judges. Such a step will not halt the initial reinstatement order.
"We are aware of OSHA's preliminary order and take seriously the concerns of current and former team members. To date there has been no hearing on the merits in this case, and we will be requesting a full hearing of the matter," said Vince Scanlon, a bank spokesperson.
According to OSHA, the manager had previously received positive job performance appraisals, but in 2010 they were told they had 90 days to find a new job at the bank after being dismissed as a manager. They were unable to do so and was terminated, and has not found work in banking since.
The OSHA decision is unrelated to the bank's woes surrounding the creation of potentially millions of fake accounts by employees looking to hit sales goals. In that case, the bank has also come under scrutiny over whether it punished whistleblowers that notified superiors of wrongdoing involving Wells Fargo employees. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Tom Brown)
April 3 Tech Mahindra Ltd
* Says AP High court has dismissed appeal filed by directorate of enforcement, Hyderabad
* Says proceedings against co related to alleged contravention under prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 Source text: (bit.ly/2o20KbB) Further company coverage:
A 32-year old heroin addict who has spent half their life in custody was handed another prison sentence yesterday for a spate of charity box and tip jar thefts from Belfast businesses.
Vincent Martin Joseph Dunn, who started taking drugs aged 12, was handed a sentence of four years and four months.
Of no fixed abode, Dunne will spend half the sentence behind bars, with the remainder on supervised licence.
Prosecuting barrister Philip Henry told Belfast Crown Court that Dunn admitted 10 offences arising from a five-month crime spree last year. These included seven counts of theft as well as possessing a knife in a public place.
Defence barrister Luke Curran told Judge Geoffrey Miller QC that their client was a heroin addict who began using drugs aged 12.
Revealing that Dunn was trying to address their addiction, and has passed several drug tests while on remand, Mr Curran said the theft reflected Dunn's “desperation to get money for a fix.”
Mr Curran also revealed that Dunn was keen to get their life on track for the sake of their young daughter.
April 5 Italian e-commerce group Giglio says:
* Signed deals with U.S. department stores Macy's and Bloomingdale's
* U.S. unit Giglio USA LCC will become the official supplier of Macy's Backstage and Bloomingdale's Outlet Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Canadian home prices rise in May as Toronto climbs -Teranet
OTTAWA, June 14 Canadian home prices rose in May as Toronto remained robust despite recent government efforts to cool the market, while prices in Vancouver picked back up to hit a fresh peak, data showed on Wednesday.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
March 30Hangzhou Century Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 30 percent, or to be 27.1 million yuan to 35.3 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (27.1 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue and software refund as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9ABmkK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
To some fans, Lil Wayne is considered the greatest rapper of all time. So it's always exciting when one of the G.O.A.T.s gives us their top 5 favs in rap history. It just so happens, Weezy shared their list in a somewhat bizarre way.
First, they starred in an ad for Bumbu rum and in the commercial, he's drinking the alcoholic drink along with some other “GOATs.” Peep the commercial below to find out what I mean.
Following this commercial, Complex then tweeted out Wayne's Top 5 Rap G.O.A.T.s, while still promoting the Bumbu brand of course.
Why not reveal an important list and promote a drink at the same time, right?
Check out Weezy's G.O.A.T.s below!
One of the rappers on the list, Missy Elliott was definitely flattered.
I am truly honored🙏🏾 & humbly grateful❤️such a Blessing🙌🏾 https://t.co/KkcLCNxSZB — Missy Elliott (@MissyElliott) April 24, 2018
We can only wait to find out if the other G.O.A.T.s will show love.
What do you think of Weezy's list? Is it a given or are some folks on the list less obvious? Let us know on Twitter and Facebook!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
FREEPORT — The town is relying on public information, not widespread pesticides, to fight browntail moths.
A meeting about the infestation will be held March 9 at 6 p.m. in Town Council Chambers at Town Hall. Lynne M. Holland, a community education assistant from the University of Maine Cooperative Extension, will be leading the presentation.
Some Freeport residents have said they wish more was being done to educate people about how to protect themselves from the moths.
According to the Maine Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry, browntail moths “spend the winter webbed in silken-wrapped leaves on the tips of branches of oak and apple trees.” The moths can cause rashes on some people and can result in “severe reactions” for people who touch the caterpillar's fur.
The moths are found in Maine and along the New Hampshire border, but are the worst on the coast from Falmouth to Bristol.
Town Manager Peter Joseph said the town has been increasing its efforts to educate the public over the last three years. They said the problem has been getting worse.
“We're doing more than what a lot of other towns are doing, but for people who have allergic reactions to (browntail moths), I understand it may not seem like enough,” Joseph said.
Resident Patricia Leighton said the moths present “a serious danger to the health of residents and to their trees, (so) it is necessary to bring more attention to this issue,”
Resident Andrew Molbert agreed, saying, “This is a very serious health issue that requires the maximum attention.”
Joseph said there's only so much the town can do. They said when the state OK'd aerial pesticide spraying over 10 years ago, it wasn't effective because too many people opted-out and the program was discontinued.
“I know some people would like to see the state or town do pest control sprays, but that's beyond where we're at right now,” Joseph said.
Instead, the town is trying to inform people about how they can best manage and remove the moths. The town held one public information session in 2015 and two in 2016 that were each attended by 20-30 people, Joseph said.
There was also a townwide mailing last year, which will be repeated this month, according to Joseph. The mailings include information about how to remove the caterpillars from trees before they mature into moths.
Joseph said the mailings cost the town $1,000-$2,000, but said it's worth spending money on public awareness. The cost of the speakers who will give the local presentations is absorbed by the state.
The Maine Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry sent out an email Tuesday with information on how to protect against the moths.
According to state entomologists, if someone sees a caterpillar web, which is a white, silk nest wrapped around leaves, they should clip it and destroy it by dropping the whole web in a bucket of soapy water.
Kate Gardner can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 125 or kgardner@theforecaster.net. Follow them on Twitter: @katevgardner.
Browntail moth nests like the one shown here can be clipped from trees in early winter to prevent the caterpillars from spawning in the early spring.
The headquarters of Germany's Deutsche Bank is seen in Frankfurt, Germany, September 29, 2016. Picture taken September 29, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
FRANKFURT Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) has named James von Moltke as new finance chief to replace Marcus Schenck who is taking on the role of co-head of the investment bank, it said on Friday.
Von Moltke will join Germany's flagship lender from Citi (C.N), where they have worked as treasurer since 2015 after earlier looking after the bank's financial planning and analysis.
Citi hired von Moltke in 2009 from Morgan Stanley (MS.N) - where they had covered brokerages, exchanges and financial technology companies - to head its corporate mergers and acquisitions unit. They previously worked at JP Morgan (JPM.N).
Born in Heidelberg in 1969 and educated at the University of Oxford, von Moltke, is married with three children. They started their career in finance at Credit Suisse's investment bank in 1992 and will take on their new role in Frankfurt in July.
Von Moltke is related to Helmuth von Moltke the Elder, the Prussian general widely seen as the architect of Otto von Bismarck's military victories in conflicts such as the Franco-Prussian war, as well as Helmuth James Graf von Moltke, a German who led a resistance group against Adolf Hitler.
Von Moltke joins Deutsche after it has managed to put 15 billion euros (12.55 billion pounds) worth of legal headaches behind it and bolstered its capital with an 8 billion euro rights issue.
They will be tasked with helping the bank return to profitable growth, which has been hampered by low interest rates and tougher regulations but also by the lender's overly complex structure and reputational issues.
On Thursday, Deutsche Bank said it more than doubled its profit in the first quarter, but its shares fell as the market focused on a decline in revenue and the fact its securities trading business continued to lag U.S. rivals.
Last month, Deutsche Bank promoted Schenck and retail head Christian Sewing to co-deputy chief executives alongside bank chief John Cryan and said it would name a new CFO later.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze; editing by Maria Sheahan and David Clarke)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Repeats story first published on Sunday; no change to text)
* Sydney case shows how money launderers used Commonwealth Bank
* Australian regulators are suing CBA over lax controls
* CBA to fight lawsuit, says ATM coding problem to blame for most breaches
* AUSTRAC alleges meat firm deposited A$17.7 mln in crime proceeds with CBA
By Byron Kaye
SYDNEY, Aug 13 (Reuters) - In a run-down mall in one of Sydney's biggest Chinese neighbourhoods in 2015, 29-year-old Jizhang Lu showed up at the top-floor offices of a meat export company carrying a carrier bag stuffed with hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash.
According to police documents filed in court and reviewed by Reuters, Lu said they made the trip to the shopfront of CC&B International Pty Ltd eight times over three weeks. Each time a CC&B employee would hand them a receipt showing a different company had bought tens of thousands of kilograms of meat.
The cash - as much as A$530,200 ($416,840) at a time - was then deposited at a Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) branch, according to the police statement of facts agreed by Lu.
But the apparent purchases were fake, and last year Lu was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to helping launder A$3.2 million of what police allege were proceeds from an unidentified international drug syndicate.
The court records reviewed by Reuters did not name Lu's lawyer. Lu could not immediately be contacted directly because they were in custody.
The police case against Lu is now one of several being cited by financial intelligence agency AUSTRAC in its statement of claim against CBA, the largest civil court action of its kind in Australian corporate history.
AUSTRAC has accused CBA of "serious and systemic" breaches of money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing rules, alleging the country's second biggest mortgage lender failed to detect suspicious transactions nearly 54,000 times. It faces fines potentially amounting to billions of dollars.
CBA has said it will fight the AUSTRAC lawsuit, saying it would never deliberately undertake action that enables any form of crime. CBA said a coding error with new automated teller machines was behind most of the breaches but that it recognised there were "other serious allegations" in AUSTRAC's claim were unrelated to that software problem. It declined to comment specifically about the police case against Lu.
PROCEEDS OF CRIME
AUSTRAC's lawsuit against CBA asserts that, in total, A$17.7 million was deposited at the bank from February to August 2015 on behalf of a company identified in the earlier criminal case as CC&B.
"These funds were the proceeds of a drug importation syndicate and were proceeds of crime, within the meaning of the Criminal Code Act," AUSTRAC's statement of claim says, referring to CC&B only as Company 1.
Lu was identified in AUSTRAC's statement of claim against CBA, which also specified the time and length of Lu's sentence. A subsequent Reuters search of the criminal case against Lu produced the police "facts sheet" which provided further detail of their operation, including the name of CC&B.
The records of Lu's criminal case, provided to Reuters by a communications officer for the court which convicted Lu, showed that they pleaded guilty.
A call to the phone number listed on CC&B's website went unanswered. A Reuters visit to the address where Lu said they dropped off bags of money, at Lemon Grove shopping centre, showed no sign of CC&B - other than a mention in an old store guide for shoppers.
Calls over two days to Lemon Grove also went unanswered.
Australian company filings showed CC&B's corporate address as "Sunnyside Accountants". A woman who answered the phone at that firm said CC&B was a former client but that they could give no further information because the organisations had parted ways. Sunnyside hasn't been named in AUSTRAC's suit.
"CAN YOU HELP?"
Lu, a Chinese national on a business visa, described themselves as a "net engineer", according to the police document filed in court. They had no involvement in the meat export industry and earned 60,000 yuan ($9,000) a year in their home country, they told police.
Lu said they met another Chinese man while grocery shopping in the Sydney suburb of Chatswood, where CC&B was based.
"After some chatting, they say, 'can you help me do this please?'," Lu told police, according to the document.
Lu agreed to help "because the man asked him", the police statement said, without elaborating.
They told police they didn't understand the receipts because they were written in English.
Australia's Joint Organised Crime Group charged two CC&B employees with dealing in criminal proceeds about the same time as Lu, in August 2015.
The Australian Federal Police could not immediately provide an update on the two CC&B employees identified as being charged.
The police statement said a third CC&B person, company director Ka Chun Leung, was a "potential co-accused" but has left the country. Efforts by Reuters to contact Ka were unsuccessful. ($1 = 1.2719 Australian dollars) ($1 = 6.6637 Chinese yuan renminbi)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
STOCKHOLM The death toll from the truck attack in Stockholm earlier this month rose to five on Friday after a woman died from their injuries in hospital, police said.
"A woman of around 60, who was being treated in an hospital in southern Sweden for injuries they received in connection with the terror attack on Drottninggatan, died on the morning of April 28," Swedish police said in a statement.
A truck careened down a busy street in central Stockholm on April 7, mowing down shoppers before crashing into a department store.
Police are holding failed asylum-seeker Rakhmat Akilov over the attack.
(Corrects to show attack happened on April 7.)
(Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom; editing by Richard Lough)
April 20 Syntel Inc
* Syntel reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.46
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $1.57 to $1.77
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $855 million to $900 million
* Q1 revenue $225.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $223.4 million
* Syntel Inc - Global headcount of 22,795 on March 31, 2017, versus 24,496 in year-ago quarter
* Syntel -"Saw weak trends for banking & financial services, healthcare segments in Q1 as customers remained cautious in challenging business environment"
* Syntel- "Saw weak trends for banking and financial services and healthcare segments in Q1 as customers remained cautious in a challenging business environment" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Delphi Energy Corp
* Delphi Energy Corp provides operations update on successful winter program and participation at CAPP Scotiabank investment symposium
* Delphi Energy Corp - reconfirms confidence in 2017 development plan to grow year-end exit production for 2017 to between 11,000 boe/d and 12,000 boe/d
* Delphi Energy Corp - continues to forecast absolute and per share growth across all measures during 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It looks like Braun Strowman will not be facing RAW Tag Team Champions The Bar in a Handicap Match at WrestleMania 34.
In the video above, RAW General Manager Kurt Angle talks to Cathy Kelley and says they will recognize Braun's win in the tag team battle royal from last week. Angle also says they will give Braun a shot at RAW Tag Team Champions Cesaro & Sheamus at WrestleMania but only if Braun can find a partner.
See Also Elias On Plans For Their WrestleMania 34 Performance, How They Feels About Finding Success On RAW
As we've noted, speculation has been that Elias will be put with Braun to form a new tag team at WrestleMania. It will be interesting to see what happens with Braun and their new partner on tonight's RAW from Dallas.
MEXICO CITY: Thousands of protesters in more than a dozen Mexican cities took to the streets on Sunday to express their fierce opposition to US President Donald Trump, portraying the new leader as a menace to both America and Mexico.
Waving Mexicans flags and hoisting anti-Trump signs in both Spanish and English, some vulgar, many protesters also heaped scorn on their own president, deriding Enrique Pena Nieto as a weak leader who has presided over rampant corruption and violence at home.
Trump and Pena Nieto have been locked in battle over their countries' deep ties for months, even before Trump won the presidency with promises to get tougher on immigration and trade from Mexico.
Mexico fears Trump's policies could send Latin America's second biggest economy into crisis.
In a rare display of national unity, marchers and organisers came from across the country's deeply polarised political factions, encouraged in part by a pro-march ad campaign by Televisa, the country's dominant broadcaster.
Local officials estimated that a total 30,000 marched in the country's two largest cities, Mexico City and Guadalajara.
In the Mexican capital, two separate marches were set to converge on the Angel of Independence monument on the city's leafy Paseo de la Reforma avenue.
“He's such a bad man and they shouldn't act the way they do,” said 62-year-old marcher Jorge Ruiz about Trump. Ruiz was particularly angry at how the former reality TV star has insulted migrants.
One marcher carried a larger-than-life painted Trump mannequin, portraying them as an outlandish cartoon character, while others carried piñatas resembling the US leader wearing floppy Mexican hats bearing pro-Mexico slogans.
“Mexicans demand respect, we want bridges not walls,” read one banner carried by nearby marchers. “Trump you diminish America,” read another.
Maria Paro Cassar, an organiser, said Trump has made Mexico and Mexicans in the United States “his favourite target”.
“His policies are a global threat that go against pluralism and diversity and they represent a particular threat to Mexico,” they added.
Three weeks into their administration, Trump has vowed to move ahead with construction of their signature border wall, which they have repeatedly said Mexico will pay for, as well as signalling a new push to deport millions of unauthorised immigrants from the country.
While organisers of the marches promoted them as non-partisan, many singled out Pena Nieto as a major obstacle.
“We're also marching today to demand that our own rulers put an end to corruption and so much loss of life here and actually look out for the good of the country, not just themselves,” said 28-year-old office worker Victor Robledo.
Last month, a poll showed that Pena Nieto's approval ratings had hit a record low at just 12 per cent, the lowest level of support for any president in decades.
“We as Mexicans have to demand that Pena Nieto defends us and acts with dignity,” said Mari Carmen Quiroz, a 51-year-old university professor. “Unfortunately, so far he's done a bad job.”
* Four countries sell combined 15 bln euros of debt
* Safety bid helps German auction after failures
* Italy pays the highest yield since July 2015 on 3-year bond
* Geopolitical tensions continue to roil markets
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Adds Dutch, Finnish bond prices)
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 12 Around 15 billion euros of debt sales coming on top of geopolitical worries weighed on euro zone bond markets on Wednesday, pushing yields higher on the region's low-rated bonds.
Simmering political and diplomatic tensions kept demand firm for safe-haven assets, allowing Germany to shrug off recent failed auctions to sell 2.435 billion euros of 10-year bonds despite yields near multi-week lows.
Dutch and Finnish yields also fell to multi-week lows; the yield on 10-year Dutch government bonds dropping below 0.30 percent for only the second time since Nov. 9.
But investors remain wary of riskier assets. Italy had to pay up to sell 10 billion euros of long-term debt - the yield offered on its three-year bond was the highest since July 2015 .
Portugal sold 1.25 billion euros of five- and eight-year bonds and Ireland issued 1.25 billion euros of six- and nine-year bonds.
"There is a bit of weight from issuance, but what is really driving the direction of markets at the moment is geopolitics," Rabobank strategist Matt Cairns said, adding that trading was thin as Easter holidays approached.
The Syrian conflict has been the centre of concern, since it puts the United States on a collision course with Moscow, allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Fraying nerves further, North Korea warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression .
For European investors, France has been the focus. Far-left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon is surging in the polls, joining another anti-EU candidate, Marine Le Pen, among the contenders for the presidency. The first round of voting is on April 23 .
German 10-year yields - the bloc's benchmark - were unchanged on the day, holding just above a five-week low of 0.192 percent hit on Tuesday.
Yields on lower-rated bonds from the likes of Italy, Spain and Portugal were up 2 to 4 bps on the day.
Diplomatic tension is the latest factor tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global growth.
Economic institutes in the bloc's biggest economy Germany said on Wednesday that uncertainties linked to possible protectionist policies by the United States and a lack of clarity over Britain's divorce talks with the European Union cloud the outlook for growth.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Larry King)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Sulphur Bentonite Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Tiger-Sul, Aries(Amarak Chemicals), National Fertilizer Limited(NFL), DFPCL, National Sulfur Fertilizer, NEAIS, Sohar Sulphur Fertilizers (SSF), H Sulphur Corp, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited (IFFCO), Coogee Chemicals, Coromandel International Limited, Zafaran Industrial Group, Abu Dhabi Fertilizer Industries, Devco Australia.
The report begins with introducing the global Sulphur Bentonite market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Sulphur Bentonite report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sulphur-bentonite-market/5928/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Sulphur Bentonite Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Sulphur-90%, Others (Sulphur-85% etc.).
Sulphur Bentonite Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Oilseeds, Cereals and Crops, Fruits and Vegetables, Others.
Key points in the Sulphur Bentonite Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sulphur-bentonite-market/5928/#inquiry
From all of this Sulphur Bentonite market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Sulphur Bentonite market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Sulphur Bentonite distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A dozen members of the U.S. Congress have nominated Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement and its most prominent student leader for this year's Nobel Peace Prize, prompting a denunciation from Beijing for interfering in China's affairs.
In nominating Joshua Wong, 21, and their colleagues Nathan Law, 24, and Alex Chow, 27, who led tens of thousands in the former British colony's largest pro-democracy protest in 2014, the lawmakers wanted to recognise “their peaceful efforts to bring political reform and self-determination to Hong Kong”.
The protests, which the Chinese and Hong Kong governments deemed illegal, were part of a populist uprising that posed one of the greatest challenges for Communist Party rulers in Beijing in decades.
The reference to self-determination was certain to rile authorities in Beijing and Hong Kong, who say the notion is inconsistent with the principle of “one country, two systems” under which the Asian financial hub returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
“Hong Kong's pro-democracy advocates have made significant contributions to peace by actively seeking to safeguard the future of Hong Kong at precisely the time that Beijing has taken steps to undermine Hong Kong's long-cherished autonomy,” four Democrats and eight Republicans, including former presidential hopeful Marco Rubio, told the Nobel Peace Prize Committee in a letter.
If Wong wins, they would be the second youngest person to receive a Nobel Prize after Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai, who was 17 when they became a laureate in 2014. The winner will be announced in October.
Tens of thousands of protesters, some wielding umbrellas to shield themselves from tear gas and pepper spray, set up camp on major highways for 79 days in late 2014, demonstrations that grabbed international headlines.
But the mostly peaceful protests failed to pressure Hong Kong and Beijing authorities to grant the city full democracy.
Critics decry a series of subsequent “payback” incidents, including months-long jail terms for the trio and, most recently, a ban on Wong's ally, Agnes Chow, running in a legislature by-election.
FILE PHOTO: Student leader Joshua Wong poses for a photo ahead of an appeal verdict on charges related to the 2014 pro-democracy protests, also known as "Occupy Central", at Mongkok, Hong Kong, China December 5, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
Hong Kong authorities have denied political interference, saying everything was done in accordance with the law.
The “one country, two systems” principle promises Hong Kong a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in China, such as freedom of speech and an independent judiciary. But many observers see a gradual erosion of those freedoms.
The nominations provoked anger from Beijing's Communist Party rulers who say the city is an inalienable part of China.
In a statement sent to Reuters, China's Foreign Ministry said that Wong and the others involved in the protests had been punished in accordance with the law, labelling the protests they lead as “illegal from head to toe”.
“We urge the relevant U.S. Congressmen to stop interfering in Hong Kong and China's internal affairs, and do more to benefit the development of Sino-U.S. ties rather than the opposite,” it added.
Wong, who faces two appeals over separate jail sentences, said they hoped the nomination would give more bargaining power to the city's democratic movement.
“I believe the nomination would show the international community and (Chinese President) Xi Jinping how the young generation will persist in fighting for democracy, even if we have to face imprisonment or a permanent ban from public office,” Wong said.
China's only Nobel Peace Prize winner, dissident intellectual Liu Xiaobo, died last July, becoming the first Nobel Laureate to die in custody since Carl von Ossietzky died under Nazi Germany's watch in 1938.
Their wife, Liu Xia, said to suffer from severe depression, is still under effective house arrest.
HONG KONG, March 28 Hong Kong-leader elect Carrie Lam said on Tuesday they are "very determined" to tackle the city's housing problem when they become chief executive later this year.
Lam, the financial hub's former chief secretary, was chosen on Sunday by a 1,200-person committee to lead the city, pledging in their victory speech to unite political divisions that have hindered policy-making and legislative work.
The high cost of housing in Hong Kong is one of the city's biggest social issues. Lam also pledged during their campaign to tackle the problem by increasing land supply.
They were speaking at a Credit Suisse investment conference in Hong Kong attended by around 200 business and financial professionals. (Reporting By Venus Wu; Writing by Anne Marie Roantree; Editing by Paul Tait)
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Jb Hi-fi Ltd-
* Fy profit from ordinary activities after tax up 13.26% to $172.4 million
* Fy ‍revenue from ordinary activities up 42.32% to $5,628 million​
* Announces final dividend 46.0 cents per security
* ‍In fy2018, group expects to open 5 new jb hi-fi stores​
* ‍In fy2018 total sales to be circa $6.8 bln​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, delivers a speech to employees during their visit at the headquarters of the KRYS group in Bazainville, France, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Samson/Pool
PARIS French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron spoke with former U.S. president Barack Obama on the phone on Thursday, in an apparent sign of support just three days before the first round of an uncertain presidential election.
Macron said Obama wanted to exchange views about the French presidential campaign and that the ex-president had stressed how important the relationship between the two countries was.
"Emmanuel Macron warmly thanked Barack Obama for their friendly call," Macron's party "En Marche!" said in a statement.
In a separate statement, Obama's spokesperson added: "an endorsement was not the purpose of the call, as President Obama is not making any formal endorsement in advance of the run-off."
Macron is the only candidate so far to have said they have talked with Obama, a popular figure in France.
Macron, a pro-EU centrist, is leading most opinion polls for the election's first round and is expected to contest a second-round run-off with far-right leader Marine Le Pen. Polls show they would easily defeat them
(Reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Ingrid Melander)
April 13 U.S. states are putting less money aside for a financial emergency than they had before the 2007-2009 economic recession, according to a report on Thursday by the Pew Charitable Trusts.
At the end of fiscal 2016, states had enough surplus money to keep operating for a median of 34.9 days, down from 40.7 days in fiscal 2007, Pew reported.
It noted that states need these balances to deal with unexpected revenue shortfalls or emergencies.
"Because reserves and balances are vital to managing unexpected changes and maintaining fiscal health, their levels are tracked closely by bond rating agencies," Pew said.
Only 15 states had bigger financial cushions in terms of rainy day funds or budget balances than before the recession.
Wyoming had enough money to keep operating for the most days, 397.5, followed by Alaska at 171.1 days, according to the report, which was based on data from the National Association of State Budget Officers. Connecticut, Kansas, New Jersey and Pennsylvania could cover less than a week of operations.
For fiscal 2017, which began on July 1 for most states, at least 37 states expect their reserves to shrink from fiscal 2016 levels, the report said, adding that balance projections routinely change significantly by the end of the fiscal year. (Reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) — A Kentucky lawmaker who attracted national attention last year when they compared President Barack Obama and their wife to monkeys has been accused of sexual assault.
The Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting quotes Maranda Richmond as saying they have asked Louisville police to reopen an investigation of Dan Johnson.
Johnson was elected to the state legislature in 2016 — after they posted the Facebook remarks about the Obamas. They didn't respond to a voicemail Monday. Richmond says Johnson assaulted them in 2012. They say they reported it to police in 2013, but the case was closed without charges. No one at the police department responded to a telephone call seeking comment.
The Associated Press does not generally identify alleged sexual assault victims, but is doing so because Richmond has gone public.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Flying high
Air New Zealand's strong share performance this month builds on gains in May when the airline's stock price rise outstripped healthy increases throughout the airline industry.
Global airline share prices made strong gains in May, rising 7.8 per cent in the month, to be more than 20 per cent higher over the past year.
During May, Air New Zealand's share price rose from $2.61 to $2.87, in increase of 9.9 per cent. Airline shares have now outperformed the global equity index in year-on-year terms, for the first time in about 18 months, according to figures released by the International Air Transport Association.
Airline shares increased in all three regions during May, but the gain was driven by a strong surge in the European index which rose 14.3 per cent.
Advertisement
North American shares also performed strongly, gaining more than 8 per cent in May, to be almost 40 per cent higher over the past year, IATA says.
Air NZ shares closed at $3.185 today.
Low turnover
The turnover for the NZX has been quite low in recent weeks with a dearth of company news and a quiet patch between reporting seasons.
Grant Williamson, a director at Hamilton Hindin Greene, says the market has been consolidating since early May and has traded in a very tight range around 7400 points.
"It looks like the market is in no man's land, waiting for something to move it."
While long-term investors were sticking with their share holdings there were very little flows coming in from new investors, they said.
There hasn't been any shortage of international political news what with the UK elections and ructions in the US over the alleged involvement of Russia in the Trump political campaign.
But markets have shrugged off all of that.
Williamson said New Zealand's September general election could see some uncertainty hit the local bourse but that might depend on what the polls say.
The S&P/NZX 50 Index hit a record high in September last year of 7571 points but has dipped since then.
Williamson said it was hard to make a call on whether the market would break above that point this year or go the other way and have a correction.
Not enough deterrent
New Zealand's first insider trading conviction is unlikely to prove much of a deterrent according to one academic.
Former Eroad employee Jeffrey Honey was sentenced to six months home detention this week.
But AUT associate professor Aaron Gilbert has said the punishment did not send a very strong signal to other insiders.
"Six months home detention doesn't sound a lot."
Gilbert said the regulator had lucked out in that the first case was small and didn't involve a lot of money unlike overseas insider trading cases which have involved millions of dollars.
Honey sent a photograph of market data and an accompanying text to a former colleague which said: "US sales not doing too well. Time to sell up. Confidential obviously."
The former colleague, who is facing separate charges and cannot be named, responded: "You're a bad boy, but thanks."
The man subsequently sold 15,000 shares in the company, valued at some $51,000.
Gilbert said the amount of insider trading was one of the hardest things to try to measure.
The UK regulator was one of the few which tries to measure this through a market cleanliness report, they said.
"Do I think it is rampant? I'm not sure."
But they said perception was more important than reality - if people perceive there is a problem with insider trading it will put them off investing.
Gilbert said the regulator and the NZX had an incentive to promote as clean a market as possible.
Eroad shares have bounced up a little on the news of the sentence but remain down close to 30 per cent in the last year. They closed at $1.70 today.
On Board
Chapman Tripp's first corporate governance report has revealed some interesting details in its analysis this week.
Among This is the average length of service for board directors.
The average across the top 75 listed companies was found to be 5.8 years and the highest board average was 18.9 years for Hallenstein Glasson.
The retailer is also one of the longest listed companies, having been on the exchange and its predecessors for nearly 70 years.
The individual with the longest board service is Mainfreight's Bruce Plested who has been on the board for 29 years. The average board tenure for Mainfreight in 2016 was 14.4 years.
Since then it has made two new appointments bringing Kate Parsons and Sue Tindal on board from January.
Chapman Tripp's Roger Wallis said the long tenures for both companies were linked to the founders still being on the boards.
The report notes that long tenures can have both positive and negative ramifications for companies.
"Extended length of service may compromise independence, especially if a director becomes close to management.
"On the other hand, listed entities and shareholders can be well served with a mixed tenure board including longer serving directors with a deep understanding of the business and newer appointees who can bring fresh ideas and perspectives."
ST. CLOUD -- After the untimely death of its owner in July, Jeff's Tattoo and Total Body Piercing in St. Cloud shut its doors for good, however, one of Jeff Hunstiger's long-time artists is trying to - in part - carry on their legacy.
Erik Cagle is the owner of the soon to open Purple Pain Tattoo Studio. Cagle says, losing both Jeff, and the shop over the summer was very difficult.
"It was hard, the first week was Jeff's passing and getting over that, and their memorial and doing that. Then on Monday, I found out... we're not gonna keep the shop going. So that was almost like a second death."
Cagle says he's been able to both buy and been gifted equipment from the old shop from Judy Hunstiger. They say she's also given the new shop their blessing, which Cagle says was very important to him.
Cagle says the name of their new shop comes from the contrasting meaning of the color purple and the process of getting a tattoo.
"Purple is a calming color, I like that. But it also has another meaning, purple being a tranquil color and then pain being the opposite of that. But most people think when you get a tattoo you get that calming effect, on some people."
Cagle worked for Jeff and Judy Hunstiger for over 15 years. They say their experience gives them the ability to give you almost anything you'd like in a tattoo.
"I like to do everything, I don't like to be put into a box of saying 'I only do this, I only do that'. I can do a lot of different things, yes there are some things I won't do, but I've been doing it for 18 years so I know what works and what doesn't."
Eventually, Cagle wants to have both another full-time tattoo artist and a piercer so they can offer the same services Jeff's did.
Right now, they are waiting on licensing from the state, and will officially open the shop when that comes in, which they say will hopefully happen this week. Purple Pain is located at 1621 West St. Germain.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — An Arkansas judge who gave lighter sentences to men guilty of minor crimes in return for nude photographs or sexual favors could get a bit of leniency themselves after admitting Thursday that they engaged in what one state official called one of Arkansas' worst-ever cases of judicial misconduct.
Joseph Boeckman had faced possible sentences of 260 years in prison and $2.5 million in fines if convicted of all charges in a 21-count indictment alleging they abused the power of their office for years. They pleaded guilty to two counts under a plea bargain that calls for them to face about 2½ to 3 years in prison for wire fraud and witness tampering.
U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker accepted Boeckmann's guilty plea but warned that they are not obligated to impose the recommended sentence. Federal prosecutors said they would drop 19 other charges after Boeckmann's sentencing, which will likely occur in 2018. The plea agreement places fines in the range of $10,000 to $100,000.
Boeckmann spoke only briefly during Thursday's hearing. “Yes, ma'am,” they said after a series of four questions on whether they understood the deal and agreed to be bound by it. They told the judge later that they were pleading guilty because they were guilty.
They and lawyer Jeff Rosenzweig declined comment outside court. Baker said Boeckmann could remain free pending sentencing, though they still must stay away from Wynne, where they held court in eastern Arkansas until last year.
The 71-year-old's raised right hand shook as they swore to answer questions truthfully. They carried a cane, though they didn't always use it.
As a district court judge in Cross County, 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Little Rock, Boeckmann mainly handled lower-level offenses such as traffic tickets and misdemeanors from 2008 to last year. Dozens of men who had passed through their court accused the judge of misconduct dating to their time as a prosecutor decades ago. Some said they posed nude in exchange for money to pay their fines.
Attorney Peter Halpern of the U.S. Department of Justice told Baker that Boeckmann had arranged for a third party to threaten a man who had complained about the abuse to state investigators. Boeckmann admitted doing so Thursday.
According to Halpern, Boeckmann would typically offer men a sentence of “community service” in lieu of court fines and fees — picking up bottles and cans while Boeckmann took photographs. An investigation by The Associated Press into court and law enforcement records last year showed that of the 254 men Boeckmann sentenced to community service over a seven-year period in one of three districts they oversaw, just 13 of the cases included timesheets and court records showing completion of the sentences.
Prosecutors said the judge committed fraud by “corruptly using their official position as an Arkansas district judge to obtain personal services, sexual contact and the opportunity to view and to photograph in compromising positions” men who appeared before them in court, at times communicating across state lines. They later falsely said the defendants had satisfied their obligations.
The head of the Arkansas Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission, David Sachar, had called Boeckmann's actions among the worst cases of judicial misconduct in state history.
“Joseph Boeckmann has finally had their day of reckoning. They always said the truth would come out,” Sachar said. “Any victory over public corruption belongs to the people.”
Sachar, who had been subpoenaed to appear at Boeckmann's trial had it occurred, said they wouldn't second-guess the suggested sentence, but noted Baker has a right to stray from the guidelines.
April 28 Smart Global Holdings Inc
* Files for IPO of up to $50 million - SEC filing
* Smart Global Holdings Inc says it has applied to list its ordinary shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol “SGH”
* Smart Global Holdings Inc - Barclays, Deutsche Bank Securities, Jefferies, and Stifel are underwriters to the IPO Source: (bit.ly/2pdvbf7)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PROUD HISTORY: Kayleen Bryan and Dave Smith believe the club's focus on juniors is the key to success.
THE proud tradition of Brothers Aston Villa Football Club is something president Dave Smith continues to take great pleasure in being a part of.
Dave themselves has been involved with the club since 2002, the last 13 years as president.
Dave said the club had evolved from eight teams in 2004 to 17 teams at present, with the peak being 35 teams in 2011.
"Villa prides itself on being a club for the whole family and provides teams for players of all levels and skill sets,” they said.
"The current Aston Villa men's team is full of Villa juniors who have played for the club from the start of their soccer careers.
"Aston Villa is all about developing our young players and giving them every opportunity to excel at the top level locally.”
Players of prominence to have played for Aston Villa include Clint Bolton who has represented Australia; more recently Kijah Stephenson has been selected to play for the Australian under-17 women's team and many other juniors have followed the pathway to state honours and representing various QPL and NPL clubs.
Moving forward the club is looking to secure its own club house and facilities and to keep moving up on the FQ accreditation scheme so as to raise the level of professionalism for its players and coaches.
Dave said that Aston Villa has always and still gets support from sponsors and fans and wouldn't be the club it is today without the long term support provided by local businesses and devoted fans.
"I see the future of the club being strong due to our juniors coming through and the hard work being put in by the committee, the coaches and volunteers,” they said.
"Thanks must go to all who have contributed to the club in any way over the last 50 years to create the legacy that continues today.
"For me personally I think the fact that Les Davis, the founder of the club, is able to celebrate the 50th anniversary is special.
"Les never misses a game and has a very hands-on association with the club to this day.
"I'm proud to be associated with Aston Villa and like many other long serving club people, believe that there is only one club.”
Black Diamond Public Relations Firm, a full-scale entertainment PR firm, today announced it has been named publicist and radio promoter of record for Annie Rost.
Contact
Brandy Runyan
***@gmail.com Brandy Runyan
End
-- With their incredibly welcoming voice and friendly demeanor, Annie Rost is the perfect embodiment of SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY!Annie picked up a guitar at the age of 12, and taught themselves how to play so that they could share their love of music with others. Them journey, this far, has helped them develop and shape a musical, and artistic, flair all their own. They don't fit into any one genre, instead, they have a little something for everyone.Annie says their latest album "Wild Heart" brings out the, wild heart in her, and a surge of electricity into the instruments. "I've been blessed by family, friends, community, musicians, songwriters, producers, who tell me to just be Annie"!Annie explains that their music is their way of communicating, transitioning from one stage of their life to another, and remembering the past. It's their way of communicating their soul and spirit, and a way to cleanse their own heart. Them ultimate desire is for their music to touch the lives of others and bring out these emotions in them, too.Annie Rost Music and Black Diamond PR Firm are proud to announce their partnership for the launch of Annie Rost's new single "Southern Hospitality", which will be hitting Texas Music Charts in May. Annie Rost recently selected Black Diamond's Music Division to head up the introduction of the single to Texas Radio and to promote the album across the state. "I am so excited that Annie has teamed up with us here at Black Diamond. Annie brings their traditional style of country music to Texas radio. Be looking for it, this is one single you are gonna want on your station! "remarked Dave "Super Dave" Millsap, Black Diamond's in-house radio promoter.Black Diamond PR prides itself on a superior knowledge of publicity, public relations, and advertising in all fields of entertainment and business. Black Diamond Public Relations Firm advises and counsels with relation to the proper format for presentation of represented clientele. Black Diamond PR is responsible for the determination, proper style, mood, setting, business, and characterization in keeping with the talent's overall image as publicity value is concerned. The Firm, celebrating its eleventh year in business, is known for its reputation and business ethics, as well as an incredibly diversified portfolio of talented and creative clients.
May 3 China Biologic Products Inc
* China Biologic reports financial results for the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $1.32
* Q1 earnings per share $1.06
* Sees FY 2017 sales up 13 to 15 percent
* Q1 sales rose 6.9 percent to $91.5 million
* China Biologic Products Inc -Reiterates full year financial forecast
* China Biologic Products Inc says inventories increased by $9.1 million in Q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WEST Midlands Mayor Andy Street is calling on the Government to set up a scrappage scheme for high-polluting diesel cars and vans.
Speaking ahead of National Clean Air Day , the Conservative mayor called on drivers to give up their cars – pledging to support them through more investment in public transport, cycling and research into clean vehicles.
And they will be lobbying the new Environment Secretary Michael Gove and the Treasury to offer West Midlands motorists a financial incentive to junk their diesel cars.
They returned to the proposal made during their election campaign that they would look at a congestion charge for the heaviest polluting diesel cars.
They added: “One option is charging the most polluting vehicles to enter those zones. This can't be just about charging, however.
“We need to encourage different behaviour. In London, for example, there are proposals for a scrappage scheme for diesel cars and we would need that to be extended to the West Midlands.”
Pollution is a major public health issue in the region, responsible for 520 premature deaths a year in Birmingham, rising to 1,500 across the West Midlands.
Traffic is almost entirely responsible for the city's high rates of nitrogen dioxide.
The EU has ordered 38 UK areas, including Birmingham, to cut pollution to safer levels by 2020 or face a fine.
Commuters are being encouraged to ditch their cars on National Clean Air Day this Thursday (June 15), or share lifts.
Mr Street said: “Air pollution in towns and cities here in the West Midlands is a really serious issue and a genuine concern for people.”
The council is introducing a clean air zone charge for heavy polluting commercial vehicles entering the city centre, but Mr Street believes that if air quality does not improve this should be extended to private cars.
(Photo: Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
They said: “The statistics for the region – particularly in terms of the levels of nitrogen dioxide – are troubling and they stem primarily from the congestion on our roads.
“We need to encourage people not to use their cars. We need to give people a choice, an alternative to driving their own vehicles and contributing to this issue.
“We have a host of commitments which we will hope to deliver over the coming years which will reduce air pollution and diesel emissions.
They said these include plans to reopen disused rail lines, like the Moseley-Camp Hill and Sutton Park lines, extending the Metro and investment by National Express in environmentally friendly buses.
“We are currently submitting a bid to Government to create a National Battery Prototype Centre in Coventry which, if successful, would drive the delivery of the national electrification agenda and potentially lead to production of electric vehicles here in the West Midlands.”
Clean Air Day activities in Birmingham
Clean Air Day is being promoted with an event for businesses outside St Phillip's Catherdral between 11am and 3pm and a community event at Chancellor's Court at the University of Birmingham between 11am and 2pm.
Birmingham company director Paul Fielding wrote to hundreds of fellow Colmore Business District workers urging them to leave their cars at home.
Paul, a chartered wealth manager with Brewin Dolphin, said: “Within the Colmore Business District there are approximately 630 businesses and 30,000 employees.
“Each of these businesses and a great deal of their employees will undoubtedly, in some way, contribute towards a problem that will affect a great number of people, air pollution.”
There will be information on various initiatives taking place in Birmingham to tackle pollution.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
ZURICH, April 5 The Swiss attorney general's office (OAG) has now confiscated $1 billion worth of assets linked to Brazil's scandal-plagued oil firm Petrobras, up from $800 million seized through 2015, it said on Wednesday.
The rising figure was disclosed in Attorney General Michael Lauber's 2016 annual report, in which their agency outlined efforts to tackle not only global corruption, but also domestic financial crime and Islamist extremism.
Lauber's three-year investigation into state-owned Petrobas and construction group Odebrecht has targeted Brazilian officials who used Swiss bank accounts to stash bribes paid in exchange for public projects.
So far, more than 1,000 Swiss accounts have been examined, Lauber said, including from Brazil's former speaker of the lower house, Eduardo Cunha, who last month was sentenced to more than 15 years in prison.
In their report, Lauber once again acknowledged their probe of Malaysia's scandal-hit state fund 1MDB has been hampered by Malaysian authorities' refusal to cooperate.
But Switzerland's top enforcement officer reiterated that other countries are helping to resolve billions of dollars in suspected misappropriations involving fund employees, banks and officials from Malaysia and the United Arab Emirates.
Lauber's office is also pursuing a corruption investigation against Sepp Blatter, ex-president of the world soccer body FIFA, and German soccer great Franz Beckenbauer for their role in their country's tarnished bid for the 2006 World Cup.
The 2016 report separately outlined the AG's probes against Islamists and so-called "jihad tourism," including prosecutions of three Iraqi nationals for supporting illegal organisations as well as a 25-year-old Swiss who sought to travel to Syria to join Islamic State.
Switzerland is getting more queries for help from abroad, with Lauber's office fielding 193 new requests for international legal assistance last year, up from 145 in 2015, according to the report.
In just four cases did the AG's office refuse assistance. "With the increasing complexity of the cases, the good interconnection among law-enforcement authorities is becoming more relevant," Lauber's office said. (Reporting by John Miller; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
OSLO May 2 Norway's $935 billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, has not found suitable real estate projects in Tokyo and Singapore, despite long-standing plans to invest in the two Asian capitals, the fund's chief executive said on Tuesday.
"We do not see attractive property projects in Singapore and Tokyo today," Yngve Slyngstad said during a hearing in the Norwegian parliament's finance committee.
In recent years the fund has bought billions of dollars worth of real estate in European and U.S. cities, including London, Paris and New York. (Reporting by Gwladys Fouche, editing by Terje Solsvik)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
April 3 Quantum Corp:
* Quantum Corporation announces 1-for-8 reverse stock split
* Quantum Corp - expects reverse split to become effective following close of trading on April 18, 2017
* Quantum Corp - cos common stock will continue to trade on New York stock exchange under symbol "QTM" but under new cusip number 747906501 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
PARIS, March 29 Emmanuel Macron, the centrist who is favourite to win the French presidential election in May, said on Wednesday their priority, as Britain starts the process of divorce from the European Union, would be to protect EU citizens.
"The question is not to punish the UK for a vote by the British people. The question on both sides is to organise precisely and smoothly such a decision," they said after meeting London mayor Sadiq Khan.
"My priority will be to protect the European Union and the interests of the European citizen and my deep wish is to have Great Britain, with the European Union ... in another relationship," they told reporters.
"I think particularly on defence matters it's important to work together."
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — The window opened Friday for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to make requests or stake claims to lands that were cut from two sprawling Utah national monuments by President Trump in December —but there doesn't appear to be a rush to seize the opportunities.
For anyone interested in the uranium on the lands stripped from the Bears Ears National Monument, all they need to do is stake a few corner posts in the ground, pay a $212 initial fee and send paperwork to the federal government under a law first created in 1872 that harkens back to the days of the Wild West.
They can then keep rights to the hard minerals, including gold and silver, as long as they pay an annual fee of $155.
It was unclear if anyone was doing that Friday.
Advertisement
The Bureau of Land Management declined repeated requests for information about how they're handling the lands and how many requests and claims came in.
The agency says it must comply with a complex web of other laws and management plans.
Steve Bloch, legal director of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, said they were told by the BLM Friday afternoon that inquiries were made but no claims sent in.
They said other conservation groups that have sued to block the downsized monument boundaries are watching closely to ensure no lands are disturbed in the short-term, hoping a judge will side with them and return the monuments to the original boundaries.
Two of the largest uranium companies in the U.S. — Ur-Energy Inc. and Energy Fuels Resources Inc. — said they have no plans to mine there. The price of uranium, which has fallen to about $22 per pound — down from more than $100 in the mid-2000s — would "discourage any investment in new claims," said Luke Popovich, a spokesperson for the National Mining Association.
Colorado-based Energy Fuels asked for a reduction of Bears Ears last year in a public comment, but spokesperson Curtis Moore said in a statement that the company has higher priorities elsewhere. They noted the lands were open to claims for 150 years prior to President Barack Obama creating the national monument in 2016.
"There probably isn't any land available for staking that would be of much interest to anyone," Moore said.
In Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument — part of a major coal reserve that a company was preparing to mine before President Bill Clinton protected the lands in 1996 — has been made available again but it appears unlikely any company will immediately jump at the chance this time.
Out-of-state demand for Utah's coal had led to a drop in coal production to about 14 million tons in 2017, down from about 27 million tons in the mid-2000s, said Michael Vanden Berg, energy and mineral program manager at the Utah Geological Survey.
"If a new mine were to open, it would be competing with existing mines in Utah for limited demand," Vanden Berg said.
Popovich called it "doubtful given market conditions and other factors" that companies interested in coal would put in a lease request.
Vanden Berg noted that a potential coal port in Oakland, California, could open up an Asian market and that technology could be developed to change market forces.
There's some potential for oil and gas at Grand Staircase, Vanden Berg said. But Kathleen Sgamma, president of an oil and gas industry group called Western Energy Alliance, said heavy oil shale in the area would require an intensive mining operation that doesn't make sense in today's market.
"There's no fracking trucks at the border waiting to rush in," Sgamma said.
President Trump downsized the Bears Ears National Monument by about 85 percent and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by nearly half. It earned them cheers from Republican leaders in Utah who lobbied them to undo protections by Democratic presidents that they considered overly broad.
Bears Ears, created nearly a year ago, will be reduced to 315 square miles (815.85 sq. kilometers). Grand Staircase-Escalante will be reduced from nearly 3,000 square miles (7770 sq. kilometers) to 1,569 square miles (4063.71 sq. kilometers).
Conservation groups called it the largest elimination of protected land in American history.
By Emmanuel Elebeke
ABUJA— Pioneer chairperson of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Mr. Nuhu Ribadu, has described Nigeria as the only country in the world that has successfully recovered stolen money taken abroad.
They also stressed the need for the police and Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission, ICPC, to wake up from their slumber and assist the EFCC in fighting corruption in the country.
Ribadu, who spoke at an an anti-corruption townhall meeting, entitled “A spanner in the wheel of corruption,” organised by Shehu Musa Yar'Adua Foundation, in Abuja, yesterday, noted that the situation of corruption in the country was “not always negative,” adding that the country had been able to record some strides in the anti-graft war.
“Nigeria is the only country that has successfully recovered stolen money taken abroad. Other countries in Africa and other places have tried but they never succeeded,'' they said.
They decried the high rate of corruption in the country, pointing out that Nigeria had the highest number of corruption cases in the world, which is “probably bigger” than cases in all African countries put together.
Also speaking, Executive Secretary of Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, NEITI, Waziri Adio, said for the problem of corruption to be addressed, there was need for Nigeria to first tackle “institutional corruption.”
“Wherever monopoly exists, and where there is institutional discretion and without measures of accountability, the institutions will definitely be abused”.
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- Market research future published a research report on global thermal energy storage market. The global thermal energy storage market CAGR is expected to grow at a significant rate during the period 2018 to 2022.
Market Highlights
Thermal energy technologies minimize energy consumption resulting an increase in energy through the utilization of renewable sources. Sources of thermal energy include heat pumps, peak shaving, heat generated by power plants and heat from wastes.
Solar thermal energy investments are fueling the market for thermal energy. Thermal energy storage systems stock up energy for later use, ice-slush tanks, aquifers, insulated lined pits and eutectic, and phase-changing materials. Thermal energy storage is a system combining three major storage technologies which includes Sensible heat, Latent heat and Thermochemical heat. Additionally, R&D focuses on thermal energy storage market for improving efficiency, reducing environmental effect and lowering the cost. Government initiatives for solar power acts as a driving factor for the growth of thermal energy storage market. Moreover, environmental concerns in countries such as China and India lead to the growth of thermal energy storage market.
Key Players
Ice Energy Holdings, Inc.
Steffes Corporation
Burns & McDonnell
Fafco, Inc
Abengoa Solar
Caledonian MacBrayne and CalMac
DN Tanks, Inc.
Get the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2401
Market Research Analysis:
The Europe is dominating the market of thermal energy storage. High investments and growing demand for thermal energy storage are some of the factor which drives the demand for thermal energy storage market. The need for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and introducing mixed energy sources in global utilities changes the scenario for the global market. Moreover, molten salt thermal energy storage market is growing fast due to the high reliability, high performance, and optimized cost of these systems. Thermal storage companies tend to offer their technologies as an important part of the project for new construction of buildings or as part of a major retrofit project that will replace or expand an existing cooling system. Such solutions can be implemented in buildings, towns and districts.
Scope of the report
This study provides an overview of the global Thermal energy storage industry, tracking three market segments across four geographic regions. The report studies key players, providing a five-year annual trend analysis that highlights market size, volume and share for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. The report also provides a forecast, focusing on the market opportunities for the next five years for each region. The scope of the study segments the global thermal energy storage market by Technology and End use. On the basis of technology it is segmented as Sensible heat, Latent heat and Thermochemical heat. On the basis of end use it is segmented as Commercial & Industrial, Utilities, and Residential.
1… Executive Summary
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Scope Of The Study
2.1.1 Definition
2.1.2 Research Objective
2.1.3 Assumptions
2.1.4 Limitations
2.2 Research Process
2.2.1 Primary Research
2.2.2 Secondary Research
2.3 Market Size Estimation
2.4 Forecast Model
3… Market Dynamics
3.1 Market Drivers
3.2 Market Inhibitors
3.3 Supply/Value Chain Analysis
3.4 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/2401
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Liverpool must maintain their focus and get results in their three remaining Premier League games as they fight for a top four finish to play in the Champions League next season, goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has said.
Liverpool's 1-0 win over Watford on Monday helped them pull three points clear of fourth-placed Manchester City and four clear of fifth-placed Manchester United, both of whom have a game in hand.
The race for a top four spot will go down to the wire and Mignolet is wary of getting complacent after three wins in their last five league games.
"We have to keep going how we are. We are in good shape but things can still change. We have to keep our focus, keep our feet on the floor and keep grinding out results," Mignolet told British media.
"Everybody is very hungry to play in the Champions League. It's where you want to play. But we're not there yet and there's still a lot of hard work ahead of us."
Five of Liverpool's six league losses this season have been against teams outside the top six and they host ninth-placed Southampton, travel to 15th-placed West Ham and end the season at relegation-threatened Middlesbrough.
"I think we've played a lot of good football this season," Mignolet said. "But sometimes you have to learn how to play against these sorts of teams. We accepted that a lot had to change in that type of game. I think we've shown we have learned a lot.
"To win at places like West Brom, Stoke and Watford shows we can do this. We have three more games like this to play. We have to keep that balance and grind those results out."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
May 2 National Retail Properties Inc:
* First quarter 2017 operating results and increase of lower end of 2017 guidance announced by National Retail Properties Inc
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted FFO per share $2.48 to $2.52
* National Retail Properties Inc - qtrly FFO per common share $ 0.53
* National Retail Properties Inc - qtrly core FFO per common share $ 0.60
* Q1 FFO per share view $0.60 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* National Retail Properties Inc - core ffo guidance for 2017 is $2.44 to $2.48 per share
* FY2017 FFO per share view $2.48 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* National Retail Properties Inc - Qtrly AFFO per common share $ 0.60 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
File Picture: Sweden's Prime Minister Stefan Lofven prepares to sign a document during the EU leaders meeting on the 60th anniversary of the Treaty of Rome, in Rome, Italy March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Remo Casilli
STOCKHOLM Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said "foreign powers" were likely to try to interfere with Sweden's elections next year, adding the country's cyber-security defences would be strengthened.
"It is becoming more and more obvious that foreign powers are trying to influence elections" around the world, they said.
"Sweden is not immune," they told reporters.
"We can note there are influence operations against Sweden and we expect such operations, aimed at next year's election."
Lofven said the Civil Contingencies Agency would get an extra 10 million crowns ($1.12 million) for new cyber-security measures.
The armed forces and Sapo counter-intelligence agency had also been assigned increased duties related to the election in September 2018.
Earlier this month, Sapo said it had investigated electronic attacks on targets like energy firms, the telecoms and financial sectors and the government in 2016.
Sapo said it believed they were by a state-sponsored actor, but would not name a country. However, the spy agency identified Russia as the biggest general threat to Sweden's security.
U.S. authorities are investigating allegations that Russia tried to help Donald Trump win last year's presidential election while Germany has raised its alert level against cyberattacks ahead of elections there in September.[nL5N1GV0O4][nL2N1H70WK]
(Reporting by Johan Sennero; editing by Andrew Roche)
DHAKA, April 20 Paceman Shafiul Islam, who last played one-day international cricket in October last year, has been named in Bangladesh's 15-man squad for the Champions Trophy in June, the country's board said on Thursday.
Shafiul, who has played 56 ODIs and taken 63 wickets in the 50-over format, has been missing from the international scene since picking up a hamstring injury in a domestic league match last year. Their last ODI was against England at Chittagong.
Nurul Hasan, paceman Subashis Roy and all-rounder Shuvagata Hom were dropped from the squad in the wake of the recent drawn series in Sri Lanka.
The Champions Trophy, to be played between the top eight ODI sides of the world, starts from June 1 in England. The 2006 edition was the last time Bangladesh played in the tournament.
The South Asian nation has been grouped with Australia, England and New Zealand in Group A. Defending champions India is in Group B with neighbours and arch-rivals Pakistan, South Africa and Sri Lanka.
Squad: Tamim Iqbal, Soumya Sarkar, Imrul Kayes, Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Mahmudullah, Sabbir Rahman, Mosaddek Hossain, Mehedi Hasan, Sunzamul Islam, Mashrafe Bin Mortaza (captain), Mustafizur Rahman, Taskin Ahmed, Rubel Hossain, Shafiul Islam (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Peter Rutherford)
(Repeats with no changes to text)
By David Lawder
WASHINGTON, April 20 World finance leaders are gathering on U.S. President Donald Trump's home turf on Thursday to try to nudge their still-evolving policies away from protectionism and show broad support for open trade and global integration.
The International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings bring the two multilateral institutions' 189 members face-to-face with Trump's "America First" agenda for the first time, just two blocks from the White House.
"These meetings will all be about Trump and the implications of their policies for the international agenda," said Domenico Lombardi, a former IMF board official who is now with the Centre for International Governance Innovation, a Canadian think-tank.
They added that IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde is aiming to "socialize" the new administration to the IMF's agenda and influence its policy choices.
The IMF in particular has sounded warnings against Trump's plans to shrink U.S. trade deficits with potential measures to restrict imports, arguing in its latest economic forecasts that protectionist policies would crimp global growth that is starting to gain traction.
Trump administration officials are now pushing back against such warnings by arguing that other countries are more protectionist than the United States.
Trump launched the week by signing an executive order to review "Buy American" public procurement rules that have long offered some exemptions under free trade agreements, and by lashing out at Canadian dairy restrictions.
In addition to warnings on trade, the IMF on Wednesday unveiled two studies pointing out dangers from fiscal proposals that Trump is considering. These included warnings that their tax reform ideas could fuel financial risk-taking and raise public debt enough to hurt growth.
Making tax reforms "in a way that does not increase the deficit is better for growth," added IMF fiscal affairs director Vitor Gaspar.
The advice may simply be ignored, especially after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last month insisted that an anti-protectionism pledge be dropped from a Group of 20 communiques issued in Baden-Baden, Germany, said Eswar Prasad, former head of the IMF's China department
"The IMF has little leverage since its limited toolkit of analysis-based advice, persuasion, and peer pressure is unlikely to have much of an impact on this administration's policies," said Prasad, now an international trade professor at Cornell University.
Mnuchin's decision against naming China a currency manipulator last week removed one concern for the IMF ahead of the meeting.
Lagarde also noted on Wednesday that the IMF would listen to all of its members, and work for "free and fair" trade . Lagarde is set to interview Mnuchin on stage during the meetings.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
PRAGUE, April 3 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Monday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== Shares in Czech betting company Fortuna Entertainment Group FORE.PR fell sharply on Friday after its largest shareholder offered to buy out minority shareholders at a discount and take the company off the market. Story: Related stories: CEE MARKETS: The Czech crown firmed up, reversing an early slide to 18-month lows against the euro, as the central bank's commitment to capping its value came to an end on Friday. Story: Related stories: Czech divers are preparing to search the world's deepest underwater cave again to see if there is more to be discoverer from its already record-breaking depths. Story: Related stories: CEZ utility said it would buy back nearly 99 percent of its 2017 bonds linked to MOL shares. Story: Related stories: ---------------------- MARKET SNAPSHOT ------------------------ Index/Crown Currency The Latest Prev Pct change close on day in 2017 vs Euro 27.021 27.023 0.01 -0.05 vs Dollar 25.304 25.306 0.01 1.34 Czech Equities 981.15 981.15 -0.26 6.46 U.S. Equities 20,663.22 20,728.49 -0.31 4.56 Pvs close or current levels vs prior domestic close at 1500 GMT =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) PROPERTY: CPI Property Group quitupled its profit last year to 12.5 billion crowns ($493.99 million), helped by surging prices of property in a growing economy. Hospodarske Noviny, page 1 For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com ($1 = 25.3040 Czech crowns) (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's chief executive job.
By Abby Hassler
Friday night (April 14), Lorde held a surprise performance at Pappy & Harriet's, a small western-themed bar 20 miles outside of Coachella, where they debuted new music, including a song called “Sober” from their upcoming album.
The show was the singer's first live performance in two years and only about 300 fans were at the event. The setlist for this show included “Homemade Dynamite,” but it was crossed off and not performed.
Related: Watch Lorde as a Hard-Rocking 12-Year-Old
However, two days later, Lorde took the main stage at Coachella and performed both “Sober” and “Homemade Dynamite.” Them new album, Melodrama, is scheduled for release June 16.
Lorde's Coachella setlist:
May 2 Intact Financial Corp
* Intact Financial Corporation to acquire US specialty insurer OneBeacon Insurance Group Ltd for US $1.7 billion
* Intact Financial Corp - deal to be accretive to net operating income per share within 24 months
* Intact Financial Corp - deal accretive to net operating income per share within 24 months of closing
* Intact Financial Corp - transaction is expected to be neutral to net operating income per share in 2018
* Intact Financial - intends to finance acquisition and related transaction expenses using a combination of $700 million of equity financing among others
* Intact Financial Corp - will cancel automatic share purchase plan announced on March 27, 2017 and suspend its normal course issuer bid
* Intact Financial Corp- transaction has been unanimously approved by boards of directors of both companies
* Intact-Intends to deal expenses also using about $700 million of excess capital and about $1.0 billion of financing comprised of bank term loans and others
* Intact-$700 million of equity financing is through $360 million bought deal subscription receipt offering, $340 million private placement of subscription receipts
* Intact Financial- OneBeacon has ability to terminate deal subject to $85.1 million termination fee payment,reimbursement of intact's expenses up to $22 million
* Intact-$340 million private placement issued to caisse de dépôt et placement du québec, Canada pension plan investment board, Ontario teachers' pension plan
* Intact - entered agreement with a group of underwriters for issue of 3.9 million subscription receipts at a price of $91.85 per subscription receipt
* Intact - White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. has entered into a voting agreement pursuant to which it has agreed to vote in favour of transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spandex Market - Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024
Contact
Coherent Market Insights
12067016702
sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Coherent Market Insights12067016702
End
-- Spandex, also known as polyurethane-polyurea copolymer, is a fiber in which the fiber forming substance is in the form of a long-chain synthetic polymer consisting of at least 85% of segmented polyurethane. Spandex is produced by solution dry-spinning in which the fabric is produced from a plastic-like compound. After chemically processing the component polymer solvent, the solution is injected into a high-speed spinning cylinder. The solution is spun with the help of a cylinder. In the alter stage the polymer passes through a spinneret: a metal mesh. After heating the polymer solution it solidifies fibrous "pre-spandex"strands. These strands are further processed which forms the final product spandex.Spandex has unique characteristics which include extremely stretchable nature, lightweight and durable, resistant to deterioration by lotions, body oils, perspiration and detergents, high resistance to abrasion, heat settable, and is available in a variety of colors and structures. Spandex is widely used in hosiery, ski pants, aerobic/exercise wear, disposable diaper, waist bands, swimsuits, golf jackets, bra straps, and bra side panels.On the basis of type of production method, the global market is classified into:· Solution wet spinning· Solution dry spinning· Reaction spinning· Melt extrusionOn the basis of end-use industry, the global market is segmented into:· Healthcare· Automotive· TextileIn textile industry, spandex is used for compression garments such as surgical hose, bicycle pants, support hose, and foundation garments. Spandex is also used in the production of chair coverings and table coverings. In healthcare industry, spandex is used in knee and back braces and in the rubber tubing. Spandex is widely used in sports apparel, volleyballs and soccer balls, owing to properties such as high stretchablity and extremely durable nature. In automotive industry, spandex is used in the production of door panel fabrics and other internal décor applications owing to its scratch proof surface and opaque luster.Extremely elastic and more durable nature as compared to rubber has boosted the growth of spandex market globally. Asia Pacific is expected to be the most potential market for spandex manufacturers. Asia Pacific is projected to witness relatively high growth in terms of value over the forecast period. Rapidly growing automotive and textile industry in developing countries such as India and China has propelled the growth of spandex market in the region. According to IBEF, the Indian textile industry contributed revenue of US$ 40 billion in 2016. In addition to this, the Indian government has allowed 100 percent Foreign Direct Investment in the Textile sector which will boost the growth of textile industry in the region. India Brand Equity Foundation (IBEF) is a Trust established by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Department of Commerce in collaboration with the Government of India with the purpose of promoting and creating international awareness of goods manufactured in India.Fluctuating prices of raw material is expected to be one of the restraining factors for the growth of spandex market over the forecast period. Expansions in different geographies and diversification of product portfolio are few strategies adopted by the top players in the spandex market. The introduction of bio based spandex is also one of the important strategies for the new entrants in the spandex market. In 2016, Hyosung Corporation, a leading Spandex producer expanded its Turkey facility to increase the supply of spandex in European and Middle East markets. This expansion included an investment of US$ 27 million and increase in production by 5 thousand tons. Some of the companies operating in the global spandex industry are Hyosung Corporation, Acelon Chemical and Fiber Corporation, Du Pont, Teijin Ltd., Investa, Asahi Kasei Corporation, Far Eastern New Century Corporation, and Toray Industries.Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity.
Kevin Dubois
Contact
Steve Dubin
***@prworkzone.com Steve Dubin
End
-- Lapels Dry Cleaning ("Lapels"), an innovative, environmentally friendly dry cleaning company headquartered in Hanover, Massachusetts, announced an investment deal with Greybull Stewardship ("Greybull"), a unique, long-term oriented partnership of business owners that invests in exceptional small to medium-sized businesses. Greybull's investment in Lapels' parent company, Next Step Franchising LLC, will give Greybull a minority share in Lapels."Greybull Stewardship understands the core strengths and potential of our business model. With Greybull's investment, support, and long-term investment approach, I'm confident that Lapels Dry Cleaning, its employees, and its franchisees will continue to prosper," said Kevin Dubois, CEO of Lapels. Dubois will remain CEO after the investment.Over the past 18 years, Lapels has pioneered an eco-friendly dry cleaning experience. Part of that effort includes a partnership agreement with GreenEarth®, the dry cleaning industry's only non-toxic cleaning alternative, for Lapels' newer locations. Lapels, with more than 95 locations nationwide, can often claim to be the only dry cleaner with no hazardous waste in its process in a town.Lapels' franchise model allows it to build small hub & spokes businesses throughout the world and enables franchise owners to oversee this network with tremendous customer service. At each location, Lapels' customers are greeted by a warm and inviting reception area, friendly customer service representatives, and convenient alteration services.Lapels offers Automatic Rewards, earning clients credit towards free dry cleaning for every dollar they spend; a VIP Program that eliminates the need to wait in line; the use of a 24 Hour Drop Off Service and Free Home Delivery to all customers. Same day service is also available with pick-up after five pm (local time). Lapels' mobile app allows customers to let a store know when they are on the way."Lapels Dry Cleaning is an exciting investment for Greybull Stewardship. The franchise is a leader in the expanding environmentally-friendly dry cleaning market," said Mason Myers, founder and general partner of Greybull, which is based in Emeryville, CA. "We see exciting opportunities for Lapels to grow across the United States and the world."One of those opportunities could involve a strategic partnership with one of Greybull's other companies, Murphy Business, a network of hundreds of business brokers across North America."This potential strategic partnership alone will offer many benefits to Lapels and Murphy Business," said Dubois. "Murphy's network of professionals could help us find additional outlets through conversion, assist in re-selling existing Lapels stores, and provide development assistance for offering franchising. In short, we believe that Murphy's could help Lapels grow and bring network effects to the whole franchise."Each Lapels Dry Cleaning store offers a full slate of services, including: same-day dry cleaning; shirt service; tailoring; shoe repair; wedding gown preservation;suede and leather processing; box storage and fur storage. Lapels Dry Cleaning has stores in Arizona (Gilbert, Chandler, Phoenix, Scottsdale), California (Gilroy, Hollister), Colorado (Littleton), Connecticut (Cromwell), Florida (Fleming Island, Orange Park, Tampa) Louisiana (Monroe, West Monroe, Delhi, Rayville, Winnsboro), Massachusetts (Abington, Allston, Bedford, Boston, Boston Seaport, South Boston, Brighton, Burlington, Canton, Cohasset, Dedham, Easton, Framingham, Hanover, Hingham, Kingston, North Andover, Malden, Marshfield, Martha's Vineyard, Newtonville, Norton, Somerville, Stoughton, Walpole, Waltham, Wakefield, Wellesley, Westford, Westwood and Wilmington), Michigan (Beverly Hills, Rochester Hills, West Bloomfield), Mississippi (New Albany, Tupelo, Oxford, Pontotoc), Missouri (Wildwood), New Jersey (Brick, Livingston, Somerville), Ohio (Liberty Township), Oklahoma (Edmond, Oklahoma City), Pennsylvania (Bloomsburg), South Carolina (Myrtle Beach, Pawleys Island), Tennessee (Nashville, Franklin, Germantown), Texas (Bee Cave, Brownsville, Katy, Richmond, Spring). Additional locations are coming soon to Boston, MA, Latham, NY, Arlington, TN, Little Elm, TX, Prosper, TX, Sugar Land, TX and Doha, Qatar.Lapels Dry Cleaning has received a number of accolades in the franchise world. Awards include being ranked as the number one franchise in the Dry Cleaning and Delivery Services category for Entrepreneur's Annual "Franchise 500" for 2016. Entrepreneur's "Franchise 500" is the best and most comprehensive rating of franchises in the world and is based on objective, quantifiable measures of a franchise operation. Lapels Dry Cleaning has also been named to Franchise Times Top 200 list.Lapels Dry Cleaning has achieved acclaim in the dry cleaning industry. Lapels Dry Cleaning CEO Kevin Dubois is the co-author of Entrepreneurial Insanity in the Dry Cleaning Business.Lapels Dry Cleaning corporate offices are located at 962 Washington Street, Hanover, MA 02339.To learn more about franchise opportunities with Lapels Dry Cleaning, call toll free (866) 695-2735 or email sales@lapelsdrycleaning.com. Additional information and up-to-date company news can also be found at http://www.mylapels.com Greybull Stewardship is a long-term oriented investment partnership that invests in exceptional small to medium-sized businesses. Its investments are usually in partnership with existing management teams that maintain significant equity ownership positions in their companies. Greybull Stewardship's model allows companies to preserve their unique company cultures, keep strong relationships with customers and employees, pursue appropriate growth rates and exit on flexible time frames. More information is available at www.greybullflight attendantship.com.
Stable mats can be used in various ways along with various functions. Learn about the different ways to use rubber stable mats for effective protection to your stable.
Rubber stable mats
Media Contact
Fairfield Supplies LTD
+44 (0)845 130 6223
sales@fairfieldsupplies.co.uk Fairfield Supplies LTD+44 (0)845 130 6223
End
-- The winter is arriving we are starting to think of ways to provide safe time for the long nights inside the stable. It is very necessary to find the right kind of matting which would be suitable for the needs as a couple for the horses. If you already have row of stables which is fitted out then you know the horses are enjoying warmth and comfort on a memory foam topped mattress. But if you are considering the options for this investment, here is food right before purchase.There are various types of matting available right from traditional 100% rubber stable mats to more lightweight version with rubber topped and less soft and protective.This matting is certainly not fixed to the floor of the stable and they come in interlocking sections fitting like a jigsaw puzzle. The mats are usually made from foam as well as composite material perfect for a person to move around, fit and clean easily. The texture is great on top so one can choose right from easy sweep to extra grip.This type of matting will ensure that the ones which one is getting are certainly made from 100% quality rubber. The mats can give you years of use and are durable and hard wearing. Once laid down, they will stay constant on the rough surfaced floors, like bricks and cobbles or earth floors.There can be great difference between lightweight or heavyweight mats. These mats are rubber topped mats with benefits from hardwearing characteristics given by rubber and are easy to use, install and maintain.A daily skip out and brush will keep your stables clean and tidy. Having stable mats will reduce the time it takes to keep the stables clean. Most of the stable mats are designed to drain well so that the urine should run off and not fester in stable. However for loose fitted stable mats, one can get occasional clean to avoid urine odours.Keeping the horses safe and sound is a full time job. Now if you have the owner of a horse try enjoying rolling in the confines of the stable. There is one recommendation which is to avoid injuries to use stable mats right on the floor and on stable walls. The best option will be bonded mats which will fit on the floor and are also bonded to the stable wall. Very like a padded box, this will also protect the animal from knocks and bruises. These mats may stop urine from sweeping under them so no odorous smell and cleaning is required.Fairfield Supplies offers exclusive ranges ofat an affordable rate. Buy these matting solutions from the brand fitting well within your budget. The matting solutions offered here are of extremely good quality custom made for your stable in the right way possible.Thatchems Farm, Williamscot, Banbury OX17 1ARTel: +44 (0)845 130 6223Email: sales@fairfieldsupplies.co.ukwebsite : http://fairfieldsupplies.co.uk/
Iconic chanteuse Christina Aguilera FINALLY blessed the world with a stint on Carpool Karaoke, and guys! She. Killed. It.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Not only did Xtina belt their way through "Fighter" and "Genie in a Bottle," Melissa McCarthy popped in to sing Redman's verse in "Dirrty."
Giphy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But even better? Christina talked about their Disney days, and more specifically their Disney crushes—revealing that both they and Britney Spears had a thing for Justin Timberlake, while Ryan Gosling had a thing for Britney. Look how flustered they got during this convo!
Giphy
"Um, I think, well there was like a—me and Britney were, you know, like… well, you know, there was like a thing back then," they said. "Oh my god, you're going in! It was a good time... I know Ryan actually, pretty much, they did actually have a crush on Britney. I mean, I think so! I think so. I don't know..."
On that note:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
MANCHESTER, England Sunderland's 10-year stay in the Premier League ended on Saturday when they lost 1-0 at home to Bournemouth, leaving them 13 points adrift with four games remaining after Hull City held on for a goalless draw at Southampton.
Sunderland's fate looked set when Bournemouth's Josh King side-footed in the winner at the Stadium of Light in the 88th minute after a swift counter-attack.
A Hull defeat would have given Sunderland a stay of execution and when Southampton were awarded a penalty at St. Mary's in the final minute there was a glimmer of hope for David Moyes's team.
But Hull keeper Eldin Jakupovic dived low to save Dusan Tadic's penalty in the final minute and earn the 17th-placed Tigers a vital point in their own battle against the drop.
Sunderland had some chances but top scorer Jermain Defoe was not at their sharpest and, not for the first time this season, the home supporters flooded out of the ground before the final whistle.
"My feeling at the start of the season was it was going to be a hard graft," Moyes told BBC Radio.
"But ultimately today I feel for the supporters. They pay their hard-earned cash to come to the stadium and we have not given them enough this season," they said.
Moyes said they were not ready to discuss their future, saying two or three weeks of reflection were needed for the club before a plan was developed for a return to the Premier League.
The club's American owner Ellis Short issued a statement saying such a plan would be developed once the season was over and admitting the club had made mistakes.
"I acknowledge that during my ownership mistakes have been made, particularly in the area of player recruitment, and as a result we have found ourselves struggling to survive in recent seasons.
"We had massive disruption during the summer transfer window and an unprecedented number of injuries throughout the season. These are difficulties which we have been unable to overcome and we are paying the price for that now," said Short.
“We need to improve, both on and off the field, and despite the bitter disappointment of today there is a strong determination to do so throughout the club. There is significant work to be done over the summer and when the season is concluded, we intend to share our plans to move forward with our supporters," they added.
Middlesbrough, who play on Sunday at home to Manchester City, are in 19th place on 27 points while Swansea, who are at Manchester United on Sunday, are on 31 points and Hull are on 34.
At the Hawthorns Jamie Vardy struck the 43rd-minute winner for champions Leicester against West Brom in a 1-0 win.
Vardy finished with confidence after Shinji Okazaki latched on to a poor back pass from Salomon Rondon.
Goals from Ashley Barnes and substitute Andre Gray helped Burnley to get their first away win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace. The result moves Burnley to eight points above the relegation zone and should secure their top-flight status for another season.
Burnley moves up to 14th place, above Palace and West Ham, who drew 0-0 at Stoke City.
On Sunday, leaders Chelsea are away to Everton while second-placed Tottenham are at home to North London rivals Arsenal.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
(Corrects to Integrated Battle Command System (IBCS) not Army Battle Command System (ABCS) radar in last par)
WARSAW, March 31 Poland expects that it will sign a deal with U.S. defence firm Raytheon to buy eight Patriot missile defence systems by the end of this year, Polish Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said on Friday.
"We hope that we will sign the contract by more or less the end of the year," Macierewicz told reporters.
Macierewicz also said that the first of the eight systems, which they said would all be equipped the built-in Integrated Battle Command System (IBCS), will likely arrive in Poland two years after the contract is signed. (Reporting by Lidia Kelly; Writing by Marcin Goettig)
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
New Delhi [India], Oct. 6 (ANI): Over the last three years, the Indian multiplex industry has grown at approximately 13 percent CAGR in terms of operating screens and 14 percent CAGR in terms of revenue. The silver lining though is the healthy growth of food and beverages (F&B) and advertisement segments which have grown at a faster pace of 21 percent CAGR.
According to Vice President and Sector Head, Mr Shubham Jain, "The non-exhibition segments - F&B and advertisement - have given a strong push to the overall revenues of a multiplex, a trend which is expected to continue in the near term, given the enormous potential of these segments. Through the use of differential offerings with the help of the latest technologies and diversified food options, the multiplex players are striving to improve their average realisations per footfall."
With the recent implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in the multiplex industry, the state level entertainment tax has been subsumed with a more standard taxation structure, which will benefit the multiplex industry with the availability of input tax credit.
However, with a view to push revenues per footfall, the Indian multiplex players have resorted to differential and customised offerings to provide the customers with a better movie viewing experience. They have been innovative in opening up of IMAX screens, luxury lounges, kids' auditorium and on-demand theatre services. With the inclusion of interactive food ordering kiosks and regional gourmet options, the multiplexes are striving to improve their F&B revenues. A lower F&B spend per head to average ticket price ratio at the Indian multiplexes as compared to their global peers leave room for Indian multiplexes to further capitalise on this segment. Further, advertisement revenues have also witnessed a steady growth in the last three years and provide support to the multiplexes in times of volatile occupancy levels.
As for the single screen theatres, though they still occupy a greater share of the film exhibition market, these have been shutting shop due to the contemporary offerings of the multiplexes, which leave room for the multiplex players to improve their market share.
"Going forward, ICRA's outlook on the Indian multiplex industry is a "positive" for the medium term, given the potential to expand due to low screen density, an efficient taxation structure, differential offerings and steady growth in the F&B and advertisement segments. Overall, we expect the credit profile of the multiplex players to remain healthy on account of the continuing consolidation, increasing penetration of multiplexes and limited debt-funded growth plans." added Mr Jain. (ANI)
Windows 10 might have surpassed Windows 7 in terms of global market share, but Microsoft is giving holdouts another reason to upgrade. The company has revealed that only those PCs running the latest version of its OS will be able to run the upcoming Office 2019, which was announced back in September.
In yesterday's support article update, Microsoft said the beta apps for the next version of Office will arrive in the second quarter of this year, with the final version due in the second half of 2018. But when they do launch, PC owners who want the latest standalone Office apps, rather than the subscription-based Office 365, need either Windows 10 or the next Long-Term Servicing version of Windows Server.
The news is unlikely to be welcomed by the large number of businesses around the world who, for reasons such as cost and compatibility issues, still haven't upgraded to Windows 10.
The move won't affect Office for Mac, which is a separate product with a different release schedule, reports The Verge.
Additionally, Office 2019 is getting a shorter period of extended support. Like previous versions of Office, it will come with five years of standard support, but the extended support is being dropped from five extra years to just two. This will bring its end of life date to October 10, 2025, the same day that extended support for Microsoft Office 2016, the last version of the suite, ends.
Office 2019 includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook apps, as well as server versions of Skype for Business, Exchange, and SharePoint. It will feature a slew of improvements, including new inking features such as pressure sensitivity, ink replay, and tilt effects, as well as new formulas and charts in Excel and visual animation features for PowerPoint presentations. There will also be server enhancements that improve IT manageability, voice, usability, and security.
FILE PHOTO: The Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed/File Photo
DUBAI Saudi Aramco's board will meet in China in May for the first time in seven years, industry sources said, as the state-owned energy firm seeks to lure Chinese and Asian investors to its giant share offering.
The board of directors would gather in Shanghai on May 10 to discuss the firm's business plans, investments and preparations to sell up to 5 percent of Aramco in 2018, the sources said.
An annual report of the company's activities for the previous year is usually issued after the board meeting.
The board, which gathers twice a year, often meets abroad but only once before had a meeting in China, in 2010.
Aramco has appointed international banks with access to Chinese investors to advise on the initial public offering (IPO).
The issue of Aramco's IPO and a potential role for Chinese investors was discussed last month during the visit by Saudi Arabia's King Salman to Beijing, sources said.
The IPO could generate up to $100 billion and give Aramco an overall valuation of $2 trillion, the biggest ever.
"Chinese participation in Aramco's IPO would be very logical and strategic," said Sadad al-Husseini an energy analyst and former Aramco executive.
Saudi officials have said Chinese companies were interested in investing in the Aramco IPO as Beijing seeks to secure crude supplies from the world's biggest oil exporter.
"There is a serious push from Aramco for Chinese investors to become cornerstone investors in the IPO," an industry source said.
A second source said talks were at an early stage and any Chinese investment in Aramco would likely be in coordination with the Beijing government.
Aramco is likely to be listed on the Saudi stock exchange in Riyadh and on one or more international markets. The kingdom is considering exchanges in New York, London, Toronto and Asia.
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China International Holdings, a unit of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (601398.SS), and China International Capital Corporation (CICC) are among Chinese banks pitching for a role in the IPO, sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters. Chinese participation in the IPO could strengthen Riyadh's hand in other Chinese investment decisions, the sources said.
Aramco has been in talks for years to invest in refineries in China so it can sell more of its crude to China. Those plans have yet to progress.
The board, which often tours Aramco's investments where they meet, also comes before the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries gathers in Vienna on May 25 to decide on output policy. An OPEC-led pact to cut supplies ends in June.
The nine-member board includes Saudi Energy Minister and Aramco Chairman Khalid al-Falih, Minister of State Ibrahim al-Assaf, Aramco CEO Amin Nasser, Public Investment Fund Managing Director Yasir al-Rumayyan and royal court adviser Majid al-Moneef. It also includes former Royal Dutch Shell Chairman Mark Moody-Stuart and former Schlumberger head Andrew Gould.
(Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Rania El Gamal in Dubai and Aizhu Chen in Beijing; Editing by Dmitry Zhdannikov and Edmund Blair)
* Weekly jobless claims falls the most in two years-data
* Fed officials call out lofty stock market valuations
* Constellation jumps on results, strong forecast
* Futures up: Dow 20 pts, S&P 2.25 pts, Nasdaq 6.25 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 6 U.S. stock index futures added to their gains on Thursday after data showed U.S. jobless claims posted the biggest drop in almost two years last week, further pointing to the strength of the labor market and the overall economy.
A Labor Department report showed 234,000 Americans applied for jobless claims last week, far less than 258,000 in the week before and economists' estimates of 250,000.
Dow e-minis were up 20 points, or 0.1 percent, with 35,745 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.25 points, or 0.1 percent, with 210,276 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.12 percent, on volume of 41,600 contracts.
The jobless claims report comes ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls data and a day after a strong private-sector jobs report, that sparked a rally in the markets on Wednesday.
But, the rally was short-lived and U.S. stocks sharply reversed course after the Federal Reserve signaled it could change its bond investment policy this year and trim its balance sheet as long as economic data held up.
The minutes of the Fed's latest meeting also showed officials "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures," adding to jitters over lofty valuations as the first-quarter earnings season approaches.
Earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen 10.1 percent. The index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15.
Investors are also cautious ahead of the meeting, starting Thursday, between President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping. On top of the agenda is the possibility of Trump using trade to pressure China to do more to rein in North Korea's arms program.
"The Trump Xi meeting is in focus and we don't expect any material changes, other than tough talk and a good talking point for tomorrow's newspaper headlines," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note.
The meeting comes as some investors question Trump's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises, such as tax cuts, following recent setbacks in pushing reforms through Congress.
In stocks, Advanced Micro Devices dropped 4.5 percent to $13.53 premarket after Goldman Sachs initiated coverage with a "sell" rating.
Among retailers, Costco gained 1.9 percent to $170.14 after reporting March sales, while Bed Bath & Beyond rose 2.7 percent to $39.07 after reporting quarterly results.
Constellation Brands jumped 5 percent to $169.48 after the Corona beer maker's better-than-expected quarterly results and upbeat full-year forecast. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Repeats without changes to additional subscribers)
By Umberto Bacchi
ROME, April 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Syria's six-year conflict has caused at least $16 billion in damage to agriculture - about a third of the country's GDP - a U.N. agency said on Monday, calling for more funds to salvage local food production as millions go hungry. Fighting has led to extensive crop and livestock losses and destroyed greenhouses, veterinary clinics, irrigation systems, tractors and other assets, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said in a report - the first to provide a comprehensive assessment of the war's impact on agriculture.
Food production dropped to an all-time low last year, with many farmers forced to abandon their land.
Those remaining urgently need basic supplies like fertilizer, seeds and medicines for livestock in order to revamp production, but funds are scarce, the FAO said.
"Ramping up investment in the recovery of the agriculture sector could dramatically reduce the need for humanitarian aid," FAO Director-General Jose Graziano da Silva said in a statement.
"It could also have a significant impact on stemming the flow of migrants."
Rebuilding the agricultural sector would cost between $10.7 and $17.1 billion over the first three years, depending on how the conflict develops, the report said.
The analysis, based on surveys last September of more than 3,500 households across the country, found that Syria's rural population had more than halved since 2011.
Nine in 10 families now spend more than half their income on food, up from 25 percent before the war, due to soaring food prices and the decline in farming income, it said.
More than 7 million people in Syria are classified as "food insecure", meaning they are not always sure where their next meal is coming from, according to the FAO.
Since the conflict began in March 2011, almost half a million people are estimated to have been killed and more than 11 million, about half the population, are displaced either internally or as refugees. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Emma Batha. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
(Refiles to fix paragraph 7 spelling of "Panama")
By Saad Sayeed
ISLAMABAD, April 20 Police in riot gear on Thursday surrounded Pakistan's highest court in the capital, Islamabad, as it prepared to deliver a decision that could unseat Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif over corruption allegations related to the Panama Papers leaks.
Such a move would leave Sharif's party in power, but trigger intense turmoil just when the economy is showing modest growth and security has improved as the civilian government and the powerful military have appeared to come to uneasy terms.
Police barred people from entering the court precincts as a five-member bench prepared to hand down the highly anticipated ruling at 2 p.m. (0900 GMT) after nearly two months of deliberation and arguments.
Pakistan's stock market rose nearly 250 points on Thursday, after having closed up 1.6 percent the previous day, showing investors are confident the court will not rule Sharif ineligible to be prime minister.
The case against Sharif stems from documents leaked from the Panama-based Mossack Fonseca law firm, which appeared to show that their daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies and used them to buy properties in London.
The "Panama Papers" were published last year by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ).
"The prime minister's name was not in the ICIJ Panama Papers, their children's were, and there's no connection between the children's finances and his, because they file separate taxes," said parliamentarian Danyal Aziz, a member of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N).
Last year, Sharif told parliament their family wealth was acquired legally in the decades before they entered politics.
Interest in the case has remained intense, with Pakistani television focusing on predictions about the decision and social media circulating spurious versions of verdicts purported to have been leaked. (Reporting by Saad Sayeed; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
March 29 Sika AG:
* Schenker-Winkler Holding rejects the board's dividend proposal to pay out a dividend of 102 Swiss francs ($102.33) per bearer share and will propose a dividend of 96 francs per bearer share at the Annual General Meeting of April 11
* Board of Sika will comment on SWH's proposal in due course Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9968 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
MILAN, April 28 Juventus were held to a 2-2 draw at Atalanta on Friday after a rare defensive mix-up by the Serie A leaders allowed the hosts to snatch a late equaliser.
Dani Alves appeared to have won the game for Juventus when they headed them in front in the 83rd minute but Remo Freuler pounced to equalise six minutes later as they punished some sloppy defending.
Juventus, who moved nine points clear of AS Roma, have one of the strongest defences in Europe and have conceded only 22 goals in the league all season in 34 games.
Fifth-placed Atalanta have been one of the surprise packages in Serie A this season, losing only three times at the Atleti Azzurri d'Italia stadium, and they gave Juve a hard time as expected.
Juventus twice escaped after mistakes by defender Giorgio Chiellini set up the hosts but there was no let-off when Andrea Conti forced Alejandro Gomez's cross over the line on the stroke of halftime.
The Turin side equalised six minutes after halftime when Miralem Pjanic's free kick flew across the face of the goal and was turned into their own net by Leonardo Spinazzola at the far post.
Atalanta goalkeeper Etrit Berisha twice denied Sami Khedira with excellent saves before Alves got in front of their marker to meet Pjanic's long ball at the far post with a diving header and give Juventus the lead.
Juve's usually impregnable defence let them down when Pjanic and Stephan Lichtsteiner collided while trying to clear and the ball ran loose to Freuler.
Their first shot was blocked by Gianluigi Buffon but the Swiss forced home the rebound despite the attention of three defenders who were left slumped on the ground. (Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin talks to the media at the U.S. District Court Ninth Circuit after seeking an extension after filing an amended lawsuit against President Donald Trump's new travel ban in Honolulu, Hawaii, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hugh Gentry
Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin talks to the media at the U.S. District Court Ninth Circuit after seeking an extension after filing an amended lawsuit against President Donald Trump's new travel ban in Honolulu, Hawaii, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hugh Gentry
HONOLULU A federal judge in Hawaii indefinitely extended on Wednesday an order blocking enforcement of President Donald Trump's revised ban on travel to the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries.
U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson turned an earlier temporary restraining order into a preliminary injunction in a lawsuit brought by the state of Hawaii challenging Trump's travel directive as unconstitutional religious discrimination.
Trump signed the new ban on March 6 in a bid to overcome legal problems with a January executive order that caused chaos at airports and sparked mass protests before a Washington judge stopped its enforcement in February. Trump has said the travel ban is needed for national security.
In its challenge to the travel ban, Hawaii claims its state universities would be harmed by the order because they would have trouble recruiting students and faculty.
It also says the island state's economy would be hit by a decline in tourism. The court papers cite reports that travel to the United States "took a nosedive" after Trump's actions.
The state was joined by a new plaintiff named Ismail Elshikh, an American citizen from Egypt who is an imam at the Muslim Association of Hawaii and whose mother-in-law lives in Syria, according to the lawsuit.
Hawaii and other opponents of the ban claim that the motivation behind it is based on religion and Trump's election campaign promise of "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States."
"The court will not crawl into a corner, pull the shutters closed, and pretend it has not seen what it has," Watson wrote on Wednesday.
Watson wrote that their decision to grant the preliminary injunction was based on the likelihood that the state would succeed in proving that the travel ban violated the U.S. Constitution's religious freedom protection.
Trump has vowed to take the case to the U.S. Supreme Court, which is currently split 4-4 between liberals and conservatives with the president's pick - appeals court judge Neil Gorsuch - still awaiting confirmation.
(Reporting by Hunter Haskins in Honolulu; Additional reporting and writing by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Paul Tait)
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A MELBOURNE comedian has been charged with allegedly painting the "lewd markings" discovered close to the Princes Park memorial for Eurydice Dixon.
Ms Dixon, 22, an aspiring comedian, was killed as they walked home from a comedy gig in Melbourne's CBD on June 13.
A 31-year-old comedian has allegedly been charged with criminal damage, offensive behaviour and marking offensive graffiti, The Age reports.
Eurydice Dixon was found dead in Melbourne's Princes Park.
Police found offensive paint markings at the site in Princes Park on June 18, the day of a public vigil in Ms Dixon's honour
The man has been charged and bailed by police to face court in August, The Age reports.
Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman waves as they meet with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 11, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
DUBAI Saudi Arabia could launch a land offensive in Yemen to crush its Iranian-aligned Houthi enemies but the cost in casualties would be heavy on both sides, the kingdom's powerful deputy crown prince said on Tuesday.
Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is Saudi defence minister, also said in a nationally-televised interview that Riyadh's decision to mount a military campaign to end Houthi control of swathes of Yemen in 2015 was necessary to restore the country's internationally-recognised government.
They added that Riyadh was unable to hold a dialogue with its arch-rival Iran because of what they called the Islamic Republic's extremist ideology.
(Reporting by Sami Aboudi, Editing by William Maclean and Gareth Jones)
May 3 Novo Nordisk Q1 report:
* Increased reported operating profit by 10 percent in the first three months of 2017
* Q1 sales 28.5 billion DKK versus 27.59 billion DKK seen in Reuters poll
* Q1 operating profit 13.5 billion DKK versus 12.00 billion dkk seen in Reuters poll
* Q1 net profit 10.2 billion DKK versus 9.03 billion DKK seen in reuters poll
* Says for 2017, sales growth is now expected to be in the range of 0 to 3 percent growth, measured in local currencies (previous forecast -1 to +4 percent)
* Says for 2017, operating profit growth is now expected to be in the range of a decline of 1 to a growth of 3 percent, measured in local currencies (previous forecast -2 to +3 percent)
* Says for 2017, reported sales growth is now expected to be 1-4 percent measured in Danish kroner, now reflecting a positive currency impact of 1 percentage point
* Says reported operating profit growth is now expected to be 0-4 percent measured in Danish kroner, now reflecting a positive currency impact of 1 percentage point
* CEO says "with performance in first three months, we are well on track towards our targets for 2017"
* CEO says "sales were driven by our new, innovative products within diabetes and obesity care, and we are seeing effects of our cost control initiatives, enabling us to invest in future growth opportunities"
* Says for 2017, now expects financial items (net) to amount to a loss of around DKK 1.8 billion
* Says capital expenditure is still expected to be around DKK 10.0 billion in 2017
* As of 1 july 2017, Lars Green will be appointed executive vice president and head of business services and compliance Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen and Teis Jensen)
It's a Fourth of July tradition, but Santa Barbara County fire officials are urging residents to leave the fireworks to the professionals during the holiday displays scheduled for this week.
Fireworks remain illegal throughout the county, although the cities of Santa Maria, Lompoc and Guadalupe allow use of “safe and sane” fireworks over the holiday.
That type of firework includes sparklers and ground-based devices that do not travel through the air, and are being sold from designated and permitted stands in those cities' limits.
The possession, sales or use of fireworks of any type outside of cities permitting them is considered a misdemeanor offense, and in some cases, a felony offense.
Santa Barbara County Fire Capt. David Sadecki said that those choosing to go to a fireworks display should respect the safety barriers set up to allow the trained operators room to safely do their job, and that the best viewing of fireworks is a quarter-mile away.
“Although it rarely happens, it is possible that a firework component might fall to the ground without exploding,” Sadecki said, adding that the public shouldn't touch those fireworks and should contact the local fire department.
Sadecki also said that pets — particularly dogs — are sensitive to the loud noises produced by fireworks, and should be left at home if people are planning to attend fireworks shows.
Los Padres National Forest officials also weighed in on the issue and stated that the possession or use of fireworks — including the “safe and sane” variety — is strictly prohibited in the forest at all times.
Rangers and law enforcement officers patrolling the forest will be strictly enforcing the ban on Thursday and throughout the long weekend, according to a statement from the department.
Because of the high fire potential in the forest, recreational target shooting is also prohibited unless specifically authorized under a special-use permit.
Campfires are permitted in Campfire Use Sites only, and must be attended at all times by a responsible adult with a shovel and adequate supply of water to douse the fire.
A cooking fire within a day-use site in the Santa Barbara Ranger District caused the White Fire on Memorial Day, when winds kicked up and pushed embers from the barbecue into nearby dry grass. The fire ravaged about 2,000 acres, and combined firefighting efforts on the ground and the air cost an estimated $3.11 million.
“Forest officials strongly encourage visitors to take into account local weather conditions when deciding whether to have a campfire,” according to the statement.
“This year has been extremely dry, and with hot temperatures in the forecast, it is prudent to consider leaving the campfires for another time,” Los Padres Forest Supervisor Peggy Hernandez said.
Lanterns and portable stoves using gas, jellied petroleum or pressurized liquid fuel are permitted outside of Campfire Use Sites, but only with a valid California Campfire Permit, which are available free of charge at any Forest Service office or online. All flammable materials within a distance of 5 feet from camp stoves must be cleared, and a responsible person with a shovel must attend the stove at all times while it is in use.
Smoking is prohibited in all areas of the forest except within an enclosed vehicle, building or designated Campfire Use Site.
For those wanting to join the crowd and watch the fireworks, the City of Santa Barbara and nonprofit Santa Barbara SPARKLE will present the July 4th Fireworks Show, beginning at 9 p.m. and launching from West Beach.
In Goleta, the Rotary Clubs of Goleta Fireworks Festival will take place at Girsh Park, 7050 Phelps Road behind Camino Real Marketplace.
Lompoc's annual Fourth of July Fireworks Show will take place at Lompoc High School's Huyck Stadium, 515 W. College Ave.
The Santa Maria Fairpark, 937 S. Thornburg St., is presenting the free Fourth of July Community Fireworks Celebration.
All shows begin at 9 p.m.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
SLO police searching for vandal, identity thieves
June 14, 2017
San Luis Obispo police are searching for a man who caused more than $1,000 of damage to a government building on Monday.
The building is believed to be the Social Security office in San Luis Obispo, and the vandalism was reportedly graffitied. Police have released an image of the suspect taken from surveillance footage.
Investigators are also looking for a couple used a stolen credit card to make a purchase at Target around 8:45 p.m. on Monday, according to SLOPD. Anyone who can identify the suspects is asked to call SLOPD at (805) 781-7312.
Loading...
WASHINGTON, April 13 For details of the U.S. Treasury's auctions of 13-week and 26-week bills next week, see:
March 31 Linewell Software Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.16 yuan per share(before tax) and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 6
* Says the company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 7 and the dividend will be paid on April 7
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/4zs6la
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Azurrx Biopharma Inc-
* Azurrx Biopharma Inc - ‍on August 7, 2017, Azurrx Biopharma, Inc entered into a sublicense agreement with Transchem, Inc. - sec filing​
* Azurrx Biopharma- ‍transchem granted co exclusive license to patents,patent apps related to helicobacter pylori 5'-methylthioadenosine nucleosidase inhibitors​ Source text: (bit.ly/2vXjwFJ) Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Adds details, background)
April 13 ConocoPhillips, the largest U.S. independent oil producer, said on Thursday it would sell natural gas-heavy assets in San Juan basin to privately held Hilcorp Energy Co for about $3 billion.
ConocoPhillips has been selling assets to reduce its exposure to profit-sapping natural gas assets and shore up its balance sheet.
The assets, which span New Mexico and Southwestern Colorado, produced 124,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, about 80 percent of which was natural gas, ConocoPhillips said.
Conoco said last month it would sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc for $13.3 billion.
Conoco will receive $2.7 billion in cash from the San Juan basin asset sale, which is expected to close in the third quarter.
The deal also includes a contingent payment of up to $300 million.
Conoco, which said the assets being sold had a book value of about $5.9 billion at 2016-end, expects to record an impairment charge in the second quarter.
Houston-based Hilcorp has a partnership with private equity firm Carlyle Group LP to acquire and develop North American oil and gas properties. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
FILE PHOTO: A news broadcast on a TV is pictured in front of the German share price index DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, June 24, 2016, after Britain voted to leave the European Union in the EU BREXIT referendum. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, United States March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Stocks edged up on Wall Street on Wednesday, not enough to lift a global equities index, while crude futures hit a week high after a smaller-than-expected build in U.S. inventories.
The euro slipped after Reuters reported European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April.
Weighing on the euro and pound, Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union, a decision pitching their country into the unknown. On Tuesday, the Scottish Parliament backed a bid to hold an independence referendum that could break up the UK, adding another layer of uncertainty for investors.
Gains in the energy sector .SPNY, up more than 1 percent, kept the S&P 500 afloat, while none of the other ten sectors moved more than a half a percent up or down.
Wall Street rose on Tuesday, with the Dow snapping an eight-day losing streak after a jump in consumer data boosted hopes in a stronger U.S. economy. On Wednesday, contracts to buy previously owned U.S. homes jumped to a 10-month high in February.
"The big talk of the day is (Britain's) official request to leave the EU, which we think is likely to be a counterbalance for the markets for many days to come," wrote in a note Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York.
"We see (U.S.) oil prices moving toward the $50 range as being the markets driving force of the day."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 67.89 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,633.61, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 1.65 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,356.92 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 5.01 points, or 0.09 percent, to 5,880.15.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 rose 0.35 percent, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS fell 0.19 percent.
Emerging market stocks rose 0.09 percent.
Overnight, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS rose 0.42 percent while Japan's Nikkei .N225 closed up less than 0.1 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index .DXY gained 0.37 percent with the euro down 0.55 percent to $1.0752.
Sterling hit a one-week low of 1.2378 GBP= earlier, and was last trading at $1.2407, down 0.33 percent.
"Sterling will be incredibly sensitive to (Brexit) negotiations and will offer a clear gauge of how things are panning out. We could see it move lower still if negotiations take a sour turn - $1.10 is feasible," said Neil Wilson, senior markets analyst at ETX Capital.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields fell. The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield hit a session high at 2.427 percent, higher than Tuesday's. Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last rose 6/32 in price to yield 2.3891 percent.
Oil prices rose after U.S. gasoline stockpiles dropped sharply last week, while crude inventories grew less than anticipated.
U.S. crude CLc1 last rose 1.9 percent to $49.28 a barrel and Brent LCOc1 traded at $52.23, up 1.8 percent on the day.
Spot gold XAU= rose 0.0 percent to $1,251.59 an ounce. U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.3 percent to $1,251.30 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin, David Gaffen and Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
April 5 Akatsuki Corp :
* Says it plans to issue fourth series 3-yr unsecured corporate bonds worth 1 billion yen, with coupon rate of 1.8 percent and maturity date on May 25, 2020
* Says proceeds will be used for firm acquisition
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/x0YozM
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28Tianjin Chase Sun Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 20 percent, or to be 125.1 million yuan to 150.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (125.1 million yuan)
* Says tardiness growth of performance as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/C7OSnH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The Facebook logo is displayed on their website in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
LONDON Facebook failed to remove dozens of instances of extremist and child pornography even after the social network's moderators were directly informed of the potentially illegal content, an investigation by The Times showed on Thursday.
Using a fake profile set up last month, a Times journalist found images and videos glorifying Islamic State and recent deadly attacks in London and Egypt, along with graphic images of child abuse, and asked site moderators to remove them.
Facebook moderators removed some of reported images but left untouched pro-jihadist posts praising recent attacks and calling for new ones. The company appeared to take action only after The Times identified itself as reporting a story on the matter.
Failure to remove content which is illegal under British law after company officials have been notified of its existence could expose Facebook to criminal prosecution for its role in encouraging the publication and distribution of such imagery.
The social media giant faces new laws in countries around the world to force it to move faster to combat illegal content but it has struggled to keep pace as illicit posts can reappear as fast as they are identified and taken down.
A Facebook spokesperson said the company had now removed all the images identified by the Times as potentially illegal, acknowledging that they "violate our policies and have no place on Facebook".
"We are sorry that this occurred," Facebook Vice President of Operations Justin Osofsky said in a statement. "It is clear that we can do better, and we'll continue to work hard to live up to the high standards people rightly expect of Facebook.”
A spokesperson for London's Metropolitan Police called for individuals to report extremist content to it via an online form. It declined to comment on whether it was investigating if Facebook failed to act when notified of the illegal content.
"Where material breaches UK terrorism laws, the Counterterrorism Internet Referral Unit (CTIRU) will, where possible, seek the removal of the content by working with the relevant internet hosting company," the spokesperson said.
(Reporting By Eric Auchard; editing by Stephen Addison)
March 29 Eastern Gold Jade Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue unsecured non-public corporate bonds worth up to 1.5 billion yuan
* Says the bonds will be with a term of up to 3 years
* Other details remains to be determined
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/FS9oym
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Cannes Film festival general delegate Thierry Fremaux (L) and Cannes Film festival president Pierre Lescure (R) attend a news conference, to announce the official selection for the 70th Cannes Film Festival, in Paris, France, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Cannes Film festival general delegate Thierry Fremaux (L) and Cannes Film festival president Pierre Lescure (R) pose in front of the official poster for the 70th Cannes Film Festival after a news conference, to announce this year's official selection, in Paris, France, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
A technician installs the official poster for the 70th Cannes Film Festival during a news conference, to announce this year's official selection, in Paris, France, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Cannes Film festival general delegate Thierry Fremaux (L) and Cannes Film festival president Pierre Lescure (R) pose in front of the official poster for the 70th Cannes Film Festival after a news conference, to announce this year's official selection, in Paris, France, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS Nicole Kidman will supply multiple doses of Hollywood glamour at this year's Cannes Film Festival, appearing in four productions during the two-week movie showcase, the organizers said on Thursday as they announced the full line-up.
The Australian Oscar winner stars alongside Colin Farrell in two movies in competition: "The Beguiled", an American Civil War-era story directed by Sofia Coppola, and "The Killing of a Sacred Deer" by Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos, best known for 2015's critically acclaimed "The Lobster".
Kidman also stars in two screenings at Cannes that are not in competition: science fiction romantic comedy "How to Talk to Girls at Parties" and an episode of Jane Campion's TV series "Top of the Lake".
Spanish director Pedro Almodovar will chair the jury at the festival that runs from May 17 to May 28, a time when concerns are high about security and potential political upheaval.
It is the first Cannes Film Festival since the truck attack in the nearby city of Nice last July, and it will take place days after the final round of voting in France's presidential election, where the far-right's Marine Le Pen is expected to make a strong showing.
The festival organizers played down security concerns, but conceded that the event was taking place at a time of great "suspense".
"Since we have a new surprise every day from Donald Trump, I hope North Korea or Syria will not cast a shadow," Festival President Pierre Lescure told a news conference at a cinema on the Champs Elysees in Paris.
Among the big-name directors vying for the Palme d'Or are Michel Hazanavicius, whose silent movie "The Artist" won Best Film, Best Director and Best Actor at the 2012 Oscars.
American Todd Haynes, director of "Carol", will premiere "Wonderstruck", starring Julianne Moore, and Austria's Michael Haneke will present "Happy End", probably an ironic title for a drama about the refugee crisis, set in Calais.
Also addressing the refugee issue will be a film by Vanessa Redgrave, "Sea Sorrow", to be shown out of competition.
Another global political problem - climate change - will be the theme of "An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power" a follow-up to Al Gore's 2006 documentary "An Inconvenient Truth".
"The festival isn't political," said the event's director, Thierry Fremaux. "It is the auteurs that are political, it is the filmmakers that are political. We are very proud to present this film."
The full line up can be seen here: here
(Writing by Robin Pomeroy; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
RIYADH, April 5 Prime Minister Theresa May and the chief of the London Stock Exchange (LSE) pitched investments in Britain to the head of Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund on Wednesday during a two-day visit to Riyadh.
May and Xavier Rolet presented Yasir al-Rumayyan of the Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) with a "high-level overview of investment opportunities," according to a spokesperson for the prime minister's office.
The LSE and other top stock exchanges are trying to win a slice of state oil company Saudi Aramco's initial public offering IPO-ARMO.SE, expected to be the world's biggest.
Saudi Arabia plans to transfer Aramco's shares into the PIF before listing up to 5 percent of the company, making the fund a key player in talks with the exchanges.
The IPO, expected in 2018, could be worth around $100 billion, Saudi officials have said, and will likely involve multiple exchanges.
The PIF is also expanding its profile with major investments abroad, including a pledge of up to $45 billion for the Vision Fund, a global technology fund it is creating with Japan's SoftBank.
Saudi officials said last year they expect the PIF to expand from $160 billion to about $2 trillion after the Aramco share transfer, which would make it the world's largest sovereign fund.
The PIF has not yet made any direct investments in British firms, but SoftBank is weighing plans to place its $8 billion stake in British chip designer ARM into the Vision Fund. (Reporting by Katie Paul; Editing by Jon Boyle and John Stonestreet)
April 3 Canada's main stock index was set for a modestly higher start on Monday as oil prices steadied with upbeat Asian economic data offsetting the impact from a rebound in Libyan oil production.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.05 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
The Markit Canada Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' index (PMI), a measure of manufacturing business conditions, is scheduled for release at 9:30 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index ended slightly lower on Friday, weighed by financial and railway companies, though better-than-expected results from BlackBerry offset some of the losses as its stock surged.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.02 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.01 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.06 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Bombardier Inc Chief Executive Alain Bellemare requested the board to defer the payment of more than half of the total planned 2016 compensation for its six named executive officers until 2020, amid public outcry over pay rises.
Cenovus Energy Inc's C$3 billion ($2.25 billion) equity offering to partly fund its planned C$17.7 billion acquisition of some of ConocoPhillips Co's Canadian assets has been fully subscribed, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Atco Ltd: BMO cuts rating to "underperform" from "market perform"
Extendicare Inc: CIBC cuts rating to "neutral" from "outperformer"
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1243.9; -0.27 percent
US crude: $50.61; +0.02 percent
Brent crude: $53.48; -0.09 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5840; +0.04 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON MONDAY
09:45 Markit Manufacturing PMI Final for Mar: Prior 53.4
10:00 Construction spending mm for Feb: Expected 1.0 pct; Prior -1.0 pct
10:00 ISM Manufacturing PMI for Mar: Expected 57.0; Prior 57.7
10:00 ISM Manufacturing Prices Paid for Mar: Expected 66.0; Prior 68.0
10:00 ISM Manufacturing Employment Index for Mar: Expected 54.8; Prior 54.2
10:00 ISM Manufacturing New Orders Index for Mar: Prior 65.1
15:30 Domestic car sales for Mar: Expected 4.80 mln; Prior 4.67 mln
15:30 Total vehicle sales for Mar: Expected 17.30 mln; Prior 17.58 mln
15:30 Domestic truck sales for Mar: Prior 9.28 mln
15:30 All car sales for Mar: Prior 6.53 mln
15:30 All truck sales for Mar: Prior 11.05 mln
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
April 21 Greaterchina Professional Services Ltd
* Yip Chung Wai, David, an executive director of company, was arrested by ICAC
* Arrest of Yip has no material adverse impact to group and business and operations of group remain normal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
“Bodak Yellow” is headed for Studio 8H.
Legendary late-night sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live has revealed that Cardi B will be the musical guest for the April 7 episode with Black Panther himself, Chadwick Boseman, scheduled to host.
Related: Cardi B Struts Them Stuff to Carly Simon's ‘You're So Vain': Watch
“See you soon SNL!,” Boseman shared on Twitter about their first gig hosting the show. See the tweet below.
For their part, Cardi B has been too busy working on their debut album to promote the appearance on social media. The rapper broke a month-long silence on Twitter to share that they are indeed working on the full-length, and that their “man,” Migos rapper Offset, grabbing them some Chick-fil-A “at this time means Soo much to me then any Jewerly they ever got me.” See their tweets below.
Working ,working,working ...Album coming ❤️❤️❤️ —
(@iamcardib) March 19, 2018
TEPIC, Mexico, May 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Efforts to fight rural poverty need to take better account of the environment and local culture to avoid exacerbating the problems they are meant to solve, researchers said.
Agricultural development programmes should consider more than just economic growth when trying to move people out of the poverty trap, and consider the links between social and ecological systems, said a paper published on Wednesday in the journal Science Advances.
“If you're ignoring nature and culture, even the economic equations show there would be adverse consequences,” said co-author Jamila Haider from the Stockholm Resilience Centre.
Traditional seed types and agricultural practices risk being lost, alongside cultural links to crops, through development projects to introduce higher-yielding and more marketable crops.
In some cases, a rise in production has resulted in worse land degradation, including deforestation and pollution, and left communities more exposed to shocks, said the researchers.
They also noted cases where new seed types failed because local customs and environmental conditions were neglected.
The report said "resilience thinking" could shed light on why many aid projects - including those that pay for seeds, fertilisers and machinery - fail to help people out of poverty.
Some communities have remained resilient for generations by using traditional seed varieties, Haider said.
Noting that 78 percent of the world's poorest people live in rural areas, the report highlighted the concept of "transformative development" - for example, where farmers are encouraged to retain some of their local crops and farming techniques, instead of switching to single cash crops.
Poor farmers often keep bio-diverse agricultural land in good condition, but intensifying production can damage it, the report said.
“Rather than increasing production through inputs of physical capital, the transformation delivers increased production due to increases in natural capital and cultural capital,” said co-author Steven Lade in a statement.
Where risks are high that traditional aid will fail, alternative approaches can be pursued that build on "historically successful cultural practices to manage the local ecology”, they added.
Andy Jarvis of the International Center for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT), who was not involved in the study, said that while strategies adopted in the 1980s and 1990s may have lacked a clear linkage between development and the environment, most programmes now have a broader perspective.
For example, they might weigh up the benefit of sticking with lower-yielding traditional crops against newer varieties when considering how best to support communities.
“You've got all of these environmental safeguards in the huge development funds that move through the development banks... they are thoughtful on that,” said Jarvis by phone from Colombia. “Ten, 15 years ago, there was probably a lot less." (Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
(Adds forecast, details, quotes from news conference)
JERUSALEM, April 6 The Bank of Israel on Thursday held its benchmark interest rate at 0.1 percent, keeping the rate steady for more than two years, and said it only expects to begin raising the rate in the second quarter of 2018.
The path of inflation and the interest rate are lower than those in the previous forecast mainly because of the shekel's appreciation, Bank of Israel Governor Karnit Flug told a news conference.
"Inflation is expected to enter the target range only in the second half of 2018, and the first increase in the interest rate is only expected in the second quarter of 2018," they said.
The central bank's research department lowered its economic growth forecast for 2016 to 2.8 percent from 3.2 percent but raised its 2018 outlook to 3.3 percent from 3.1 percent.
Israel's economy grew 4 percent in 2016.
The downward revision in 2017 was due to vehicle purchases that were moved forward to 2016 due to tax changes that took effect in January 2017.
Further changes in vehicle taxation are expected in January 2019, and the central bank estimates this will also lead to purchases being brought forward, increasing the growth rate in 2018.
All 12 economists polled by Reuters had forecast no change in the interest rate by the central bank.
The central bank's economists now expect inflation of 0.8 percent in 2017, down from a previous estimate of 1.0 percent and below the government's annual target of 1-3 percent.
Inflation is expected to rise to 1.5 percent in 2018.
"The monetary committee intends to maintain the accommodative policy as long as necessary in order to entrench the inflation environment within the target range," Flug said.
Israel's annual inflation rate rose at a faster than expected pace in February, its second straight gain after 28 months of falling prices.
The central bank also said there are signs of the housing market cooling off, "but it is too early to conclude that the trend of increases has halted". (Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch and Tova Cohen)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIKEN, S.C. (WJBF) – Aiken city leaders say enough is enough when it comes to the criminal activity at Paces Run Apartments.
That's why they are taking matters into their own hands.
Two of the three murders that have happened in the City of Aiken, within the last 24 months, have been at Paces Run Apartments and city leaders say that's two too many.
“I'm not going to keep sending the men and women of my Department of Public Safety to be put into harms way, night after night after night.” City Manager John Klimm said. “I'm not doing that anymore. Those days are over.”
Statistics show in the last 2 years 435 calls were made to Aiken Public Safety and 135 reports were filed.
There were 10 shootings, 4 aggravated assaults and 2 murders.
But the laundry list of criminal activity is much longer.
“Murders, rapes, domestic violence, drugs, drug activity and prostitution.” Klimm said.
The violence at Paces Run Apartments is dangerous for the residents who live there and the officers who respond to the complex.
A story line Public Safety Chief Charles Barranco knows all too well.
“Officer Scotty Richardson was killed in the parking lot of Paces Run in 2011,” said Chief Barranco.
A letter addressed to the apartment complex's management is the city's first effort to curb the crime.
“Asking for a plan of action to be put together within 30 days and notifying him, that if we are not in receipt of an action plan to significantly reduce the level of crime in this housing development, that further action will be taken.” Klimm told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
City leaders want to work with management, but push back won't be tolerated.
They will go as far as revoking the property's business license.
While their approach is aggressive, Klimm says it's for the greater good of the community.
“After this last shooting, I took it upon myself to get in my car and I drove over there and I saw a little youngster.” Klimm said. “That was probably no more than a year old. I looked at the little kid and I'm saying to myself, what is in this youngsters future? Recognizing that they are living in a place where shots are heard regularly, criminal activity is happening on a daily basis. We can't stand for that. We can't allow that.”
City leaders have given the owners of Paces Run Apartments until November 10, 2017, to come up with a plan of action.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks fell in volatile trading while the dollar pared losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected interest rate hike and announced it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds this year.
Pope Francis thanked the athletes for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
Taekwondo athlethes from South Korea perform for Pope Francis during their weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis, after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute.
Pope Francis didn't seem to notice or mind, thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
South Korea's World Taekwondo organization, the Seoul-led international body, said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome.
The South's team performed for thousands of people in St. Peter's Square and featured a young girl releasing a dove in a sign of peace.
Related: South Korea to remove propaganda loudspeakers at border
Related: North Korea demolishes nuke test site with series of blasts
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
14 August, Rajbiraj (Saptari): People of Saptari's the rural and urban areas affected by floods from various rivers and streams triggered by the incessant rains since the past six days have started falling sick as various health-related problems like diarrhoea, typhoid, fever, cough, respiratory complication and itching have spread in the settlements.
Rajbiraj, Hanumannagar, Shambhunath Municipality, Tilathi Koiladi Rural Municipality, Barsaine, Sakarapur, Bodebarsaine, Rupani, Kanchanrup Municipality, Joginiya, Bhardaha, Kirpura and Daluwa Belhi are among those areas hit by monsoon floods.
Sakarpura-based teacher Bipin Jha complained that sick people had been deprived of medical care in the absence of health professionals in the local healthcare facilities and shortage of medicines.
People of the affected areas in South and West Saptari have climbed up to the roof of cemented buildings and moved to relatively safe areas in open.
Doctors at the Rajbiraj-based Gajendra Narayan Singh Sagarmatha Zonal Hospital have told that mainly women, children and aged people of the disasters-hit areas have taken ill. There is a noticeable flow of flood victims in these days in the hospital.
Chief of the District Public Health Office, Nagendra Chaudhary, could not be contacted for their comment over the issue. But, office employees report that in charges of the respective health posts have been directed not to leave working stations in these hours and do all possible to render medical care to the people affected by disasters.
Floods have densely damaged rural roads, making the people's movement to and from the district headquarters Rajbiraj very difficult. That's why sick people are finding it hard to visit the Zonal Hospital and other medical facilities in the district headquarters for treatment.
Floods from the district-based Mohuli, Khando, Jita, Bigul Triyuwa, Khadak rivers and the Saptakoshi River due to the continuous rains have inundated over 3,000 houses in the district.
Police Superintendent Mukesh Singh said rescue and relief distribution is on for those families who have been affected and displaced by inundation.
One person has gone missing in the flood so far in Saptari district while 75 per cent of the households have been hit by the flooding. The flood has swept away the irrigation canal at Malesth, Rajbiraj Municipality Ward No. 9. Similarly, transportation has become difficult as the flood has eroded the road at a place called Panchkilo among the Rajbiraj-Rupani road section.
Most of the roads in the rural areas have been damaged due to the flood and erosion. An irrigation canal at Pampakinal at Rajbiraj-1 has caved in, causing massive damage to the irrigation system in the area, according to Prasun Mishra, Chief of the Chandranahar Irrigation Division Office.
The western branch of the irrigation canal at Bhardaha, Hanumannagar Kankalani Municipality-1 in Saptari has also broken due to the flooding.
Meanwhile, the flood displaced people in the district have no food due to the inundation of their houses and food grains by the flood, Shyam Sundar Khadka, a local of Bhardaha said. They added that up to four feet of water has accumulated in the settlement and they have been staying on the dyke of the irrigation system.
The District Administration Office, Saptari has stated that relief materials as foodstuff and goods have been distributed to the flood affected people at Deuri Bharuwa, Rampura and Malhani among other places in the district.
Chief District Officer Krishna Bahadur Katuwal said the Nepal Police, the Nepalese Army and various organizations based in the district have been mobilized for rescue and relief operation in the district.
Telecommunication services as DCL Net, mobile and telephone lines distributed by the Nepal Telecom has become non-functional since the last three days. The journalists are facing problem dispatching news due to this. Similarly, power supply to some parts of Rajbiraj, the district headquarters as well as the rural areas in the district has been disrupted.
Minister for Population and Environment Mithila Chaudhary and Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation, Jitendra Narayan Dev have arrived here to take stock of the situation in the district in the aftermath of the flooding, inundation and erosion. RSS
ALMATY (Reuters) - Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva, daughter of former Uzbek leader Islam Karimov, has stepped down as Uzbekistan's UNESCO representative, becoming the latest official from their father's administration to depart.
Karimova-Tillyaeva, 39, said on their Facebook page they would work on their own projects in charity, education and other areas. They did not say whether they planned to return to Uzbekistan after quitting the Paris-based job.
Karimova-Tillyaeva's departure from public service follows a series of reshuffles made by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev who has removed from their cabinet a number of officials appointed under their predecessor, who died in 2016.
This week, Mirziyoyev consolidated their power by sacking veteran security boss Rustam Inoyatov, who had been regarded as the second most influential official in the country after the president himself.
Karimova-Tillyaeva first announced their plans to resign last August, roughly a year after the death of their father who had run the ex-Soviet Central Asian nation with an iron fist for 27 years.
They said at the time they wanted to focus on their family and personal goals.
Since their father's death Karimova-Tillyaeva had been their only close relative holding a prominent government post.
Protesters wave Europen Union flags during an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
LONDON Campaigners mounting a legal challenge to determine whether Britain's divorce from the European Union can be reversed said they had filed their written legal case on Friday.
Two days after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, formally notifying Brussels of Britain's intent to leave the EU, the Good Law Project said it had submitted the case to a court in Dublin.
Their statement added that the campaigners would on Monday serve a motion to request a hearing, which would contain a draft of the queries that they are seeking the High Court in Dublin to refer to the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Tax specialist Jolyon Maugham, the lawyer behind the challenge, wants the case to be sent to the ECJ in Luxembourg this summer to establish whether Britain can reverse the exit process without requiring permission from the other 27 EU members.
Maugham said they hoped the ECJ would consider the case in the next 4 to 8 months. They have said Ireland was chosen as the case had to be brought in the EU but outside the UK, and its legal system was similar to Britain's.
Maugham said Britons should have the right to change their minds about remaining in the EU at a later stage. Britons voted by 52-48 percent in favour of Brexit in the June 2016 referendum.
The legal question of whether Britain could change its mind and revoke Article 50 is still open. The European Parliament said on Wednesday that Brexit could be reversed with the consent of the remaining EU members.
British government lawyers have said the process cannot now be stopped, but even David Davis, the cabinet minister in charge of leaving, has said they were unsure.
May has said that they will put the final deal they reach at the end of two years of negotiations to parliament for a vote. If lawmakers rejected it, Britain would have no choice but to leave the EU anyway, without any trade deal with the bloc.
(Reporting by Michael Holden and Alistair Smout; editing by Andrew Roche)
People holding phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration
SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) is launching a faster version of its mobile service on Wednesday aimed at people with sporadic connections or little data on their smartphone plans, hoping to pick up users in harder-to-reach emerging markets.
The company calls the version Twitter Lite and it will be aimed largely at users outside the United States. Twitter Lite works through a web browser, not a stand-alone phone application, but its appearance and functionality are nearly identical to what app users experience, according to a preview shown to Reuters.
The launch comes on the heels of similar products from other U.S. tech firms. Facebook Inc (FB.O) released Facebook Lite in 2015 and on Tuesday, Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) YouTube unveiled a low-data mobile app designed for India.
San Francisco-based Twitter lags behind those companies in building a user base. It had 319 million average monthly active users at the end of last year, up 4 percent year-over-year but still a fraction of Facebook's 1.9 billion users.
A primary reason in some parts of the world is how much data its app and earlier website consumed, Keith Coleman, Twitter's vice president of product, said in an interview.
"We didn't feel like we were reaching these other countries well enough, and this will allow us to do it faster, cheaper and with a better experience than we've had before," they said.
The company estimates that, with several changes it is making to its mobile website, mobile.twitter.com, users will see their average data consumption on the browser version go down 40 percent.
With an additional data-saving feature users can turn on, data consumption will drop some 70 percent on average, said Patrick Traughber, a Twitter product manager. The reduction will come from differences such as initially displaying previews of pictures instead of full pictures.
Like YouTube, Twitter is eyeing India's 1.3 billion people, and it timed the release of Twitter Lite in part to coincide with the start this week of a major cricket event there, the Indian Premier League's Twenty20 tournament.
Cricket is the most popular sport in India and following sports in real time is one of the main ways people use Twitter, which unlike many other social media networks still has a chronological timeline to emphasize immediacy.
Other countries where the company said it expects Twitter Lite to be most useful include Indonesia, the Philippines, Brazil, Argentina and Mexico.
(Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Bill Trott)
LaForge said he's slowing down and instead of so many ‘stings' wants to focus on law reform to keep pedophiles in jail longer
Surrey Creep Catchers' president Ryan LaForge said he's “done with citizens arrests” and “done getting the police involved” after pleading guilty to two counts of assault this week.
“It has nothing to do with police themselves, every cop I've dealt with has been good,” LaForge told the Now-Leader Tuesday, the day after they plead guilty to two counts of assault in Surrey Provincial Court which stemmed from “stings” their group did in Whalley on April 3 and 19, 2017.
“I have no hard feelings or whatever, but they're up against the same battle we are, as a community…. I don't know what it's going to take for everyone to wake up at the same time and say enough's enough,” they added.
In the April 3 incident, LaForge said they performed a “citizens arrest” on a man they alleged came to pay for sex with a six-year-old outside the Tim Horton's at Central City Shopping Centre, in the 10100-block of King George Boulevard.
While the convictions have led to LaForge discontinuing such “citizens arrests,” they don't deter them from continuing to conduct “stings,” which involve Creep Catchers representatives posing as children online, arranging to meet adults who think they've been communicating with a child and confronting them, while filming them.
LaForge said Tuesday they are still live streaming videos of “stings” on Facebook, which they then removes from Facebook and posts on their website.
While the group was doing about “five catches a day” in their early days in 2016, LaForge said they aim for one a week now.
“I've slowed down for a couple of reasons,” they said Tuesday. “One is just for my mental well-being. I'm just taking it a lot slower, to just take care of myself mentally, have more time for my family and stuff. I work more, I kind of ran out of my savings after a good year, so I'm back to work.”
LaForge said he's changing gears, to a degree, and instead of so many “stings,” wants to focus their time on changes to legislation to keep convicted pedophiles in prison longer.
“I knew I had to attack this epidemic from another position,” LaForge said. “I'm sitting here catching guys all the time and yes, it's exposing them, people are seeing it, it's creating awareness, but I feel like a dog chasing my own tail. I want to see the laws change so if and when these guys are caught by police there's a mandatory minimum sentence.”
Long sentences are “too rare,” they added.
“It's not fair, they leave a trail of broken children,” LaForge said, noting he's also become frustrated with other aspects of the system.
“People say ‘it's not even a real child,'” when referencing Surrey Creep Catcher stings, they said, “but that's what's wrong with the justice system. They wait for a victim before they can do anything. Unfortunately, I get parents messaging me all the time…. Our laws are a joke. That's the sad, sad thing. India just adopted a death penalty for sexual assault under the age of 12. We have third and second world countries taking stands against this and here we are, protecting them.”
Further, LaForge said the group is also pushing for a public registry of sex offenders.
But, they acknowledged, those would be “huge, huge steps” and said he's working with “not a lot of resources.”
See more: Surrey Creep Catchers' Ryan LaForge charged with assault, uttering threats (May 18, 2017)
See also: Creep Catcher Surrey president undettered by privacy complaint investigation
See also: SURREY'S CREEP CATCHER: Ryan LaForge aims to weed out ‘potential predators' and ‘blast' them on social media
In court on Monday, LaForge plead guilty to two counts of assault. While they had also faced charges of uttering threats and breach of undertaking, those were stayed.
LaForge will not serve any jail time, but was handed 12 months probation and was given a conditional sentence.
Their conditions include keeping the peace, notifying the court and probation office of any change in employment or occupation, to not possess anything resembling a weapon, and to not publish or make publicly available on the internet any information about individuals targeted by the group.
A former member of the group, Lance Loy, on May 22 also plead guilty to assault in connection to the April 19, 2017 incident.
Also facing charges after the April 3 incident is Burnaby resident Kuljinder Singh Bhatti, 35. Bhatti is accused of trying to lure a minor for a sexual purpose and making an arrangement with a person for a sexual offence involving a person under age 18.
Bhatti's next appearance in Vancouver Provincial Court is set for Aug. 27.
Since Surrey Creep Catchers' inception, Surrey RCMP have cautioned the public against such work.
“Police want to remind the public that vigilantism, no matter how well meaning, poses significant risks to the safety of all those involved,” Surrey RCMP Corporal Scotty Schumann said last year. “Using our highly trained investigators in a controlled environment is the best way to get dangerous offenders off our streets and ensure they are held accountable.”
They said police advise the public to go to www. cybertip.ca to report incidents of online sexual exploitation of children.
Meantime, Surrey Creep Catchers made national headlines September of 2016 after a woman working with the group posed as a 15-year-old girl and allegedly communicated with an off-duty Surrey Mountie online after posting an ad on Craigslist.
A meeting was set up outside the Boston Pizza at Surrey Central Shopping Mall in Whalley and LaForge and their crew live-streamed the sting on the Internet.
Constable Dario Devic was arrested on Sept. 9, 2016 and suspended from police duty. Devic was then charged in October, 2016 and currently faces one charge of child luring.  They are due in Surrey Provincial Court on June 4.
-With files from Tom Zytaruk
amy.reid@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Amy on Twitter
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The newest way to bet on bitcoin arrived on Sunday, with futures of the cryptocurrency that has taken Wall Street by storm starting trading for the first time.
FILE PHOTO: A Bitcoin logo is displayed at the Bitcoin Center New York City in New York's financial district in NY, U.S. on July 28, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
The first bitcoin future <0#XBT:> trades kicked off at 6 p.m. (2300 GMT) on CBOE Global Markets Inc's CBOE Futures Exchange.
Bitcoin January futures were at $15,940 (11,905.3 pounds), with 398 contracts traded, after having opened at $15,460.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
On Sunday, bitcoin was up 2.62 percent at $14,990 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange. On the Gemini Exchange, it was at $15,600.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
The logo of the Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA is seen at a gas station in Caracas, Venezuela March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
HOUSTON About a dozen tankers are sailing to Venezuela or waiting offshore to discharge cargoes after state-run oil company PDVSA ramped up tenders to buy gasoline and other fuels to offset its weak refining output, according to traders and Thomson Reuters data.
Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PDVSA) recently awarded BP (BP.L), Castleton Commodities, Rosneft (ROSN.MM) and CT Energia contracts to buy more than 15 cargoes of gasoline blend stock, diesel, vacuum gasoil, catalytic naphtha and cutter stock for delivery from April through May.
The total volume expected for the coming weeks surpasses 4 million barrels, according to traders and tender documents circulated by PDVSA.
Venezuela can produce up to 1.3 million barrels per day (bpd) of fuels at its refineries. It typically exports a large volume of fuel oil and others products, but its operations have been working well below capacity this year amid frequent equipment outages.
Most of the coming cargoes were sold under prepayment agreements, meaning the tankers are not authorized to discharge at PDVSA's terminals until payment is received, the traders said.
Under a similar arrangement, BP sold 13 cargoes of U.S. crude to PDVSA last year. But the tankers waited for weeks or months before receiving authorization to discharge amid payment issues.
The delays forced a repricing of the cargoes. The Venezuelan firm ended up paying some $130 million more than it planned for the crude imports.
Crisis-hit Venezuela spent months negotiating with investment banks, offering bonds as a guarantee, as it sought to boost liquidity ahead of steep debt payments beginning this month.
On Wednesday, PDVSA paid roughly $2.2 billion of the nearly $3 billion the country owes to bondholders this month.
In the meantime, unpaid bills from PDVSA's suppliers keep piling up, while the firm tries to restart refining units that produce fuels to avoid a new shortage of gasoline.
Long lines at service stations in March followed a shortage of fuels that the government blamed on distribution problems.
PDVSA has recently signed swap deals that minimize payments in cash when buying fuels, but many providers insist on prepayment when dealing with Venezuela. It has also increased imports from its U.S. unit, Citgo Petroleum.
In the most recent refinery incident in Venezuela, a fire occurred in a warehouse at El Palito refinery on Tuesday. PDVSA said there were no injuries or damages to the facility, but a worker said security equipment and spare parts were damaged.
(Reporting by Marianna Parraga; Editing by Tom Brown)
* LME/SHFe arb: tmsnrt.rs/2oQ5nm2 (Updates with closing prices)
By Zandi Shabalala
LONDON, April 13 Copper prices rebounded from their lowest level in three months on Thursday, helped by a weaker dollar and upbeat trade data from China, the largest consumer of the metal, that spurred hopes for higher demand.
Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange closed 1.1 percent lower at $5,692 tonne, after falling to its lowest since Jan. 10 in the previous session.
"The China data definitely shows a recovery from recent lows, so its not surprising to see prices higher," said Eugene Weinberg, head of commodities research at Commerzbank.
* CHINA: China's 2017 export outlook brightened considerably after it reported forecast-beating trade growth in March and U.S. President Donald Trump softened their anti-China rhetoric in an abrupt policy shift.
* COPPER: China's imports of copper rose 26.5 percent from month ago to 430,000 tonnes in March, data from the General Administration of Customs showed.
* DOLLAR: The dollar index slid to a two-week low after U.S. President Donald Trump said it was too strong. A lower U.S. currency makes dollar-denominated metals cheaper for holders of other currencies, which could boost demand.
* TECHNICALS: Copper support seen at Wednesday's low around $5,600/15, a breach could see a test of $5,500. Resistance seen at $5,800 near the 100-day moving average. * China's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system, policy insiders said, helping ensure stability before a five-yearly leadership team transition this year.
* Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing Indonesia and miner Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg for three months.
* Chile, the world's biggest copper producer, faces a fresh threat of labour action when a union at the large Chuquicamata mine said it had blocked access as a "warning" over planned changes to job opportunities.
* The global zinc market moved into a surplus of 19,800 tonnes in February from a deficit of 22,300 tonnes in January, data from the International Lead and Zinc Study Group showed.
* ALUMINIUM: China exported 410,000 tonnes of unwrought aluminium and aluminium products, up from February's 260,000 tonnes. China's aluminium makers have stepped up exports as a healthier global manufacturing climate and declining world stockpiles boost demand.
* OTHER METALS: LME aluminium gained 0.6 percent to $1,910, nickel inched 0.1 percent lower to $9,750, while tin was up 1 percent at $19,605. Lead fell 0.1 percent to $2,239. Zinc fell 0.7 percent to $2,624, edging close to January lows touched this week.
(Additional reporting by Melanie Burton in Melbourne; Editing by Edmund Blair)
(Adds details from interview, background)
OTTAWA, March 31 Canada's low interest rates are not fueling speculation in the housing market, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said in an interview published on Friday, adding that economic growth in the country is still uneven.
Reiterating the bank's dovish take on Canada's fourth-quarter economic growth, Poloz told Macleans magazine that while stronger-than-expected data for that period looked good, the details were less so.
"You look beneath the surface and you discover it's not actually in sustainable categories. Investment, hugely important for Canada, was still negative. Exports were okay but not great," Poloz said.
"The core drivers are still lacking, and the things we know don't have staying power - such as consumption and housing - were the surprise factors."
The Bank of Canada cut rates twice in 2015 as low oil prices hurt the economy, and some have blamed low rates for spurring consumer borrowing. The bank has held rates at 0.50 percent since and is not expected to raise them until next year.
Asked whether the central bank shoulders responsibility for speculation on the housing market, Poloz said they "would pretty well reject that."
"When you're borrowing money to buy a house and you think you're going to make 20 percent over the next year, I don't think it's going to make a difference if the interest rate you're paying is 2 percent, 4 percent or 6 percent," Poloz said.
"It's still an important capital gain. ... It's not low interest rates that are fuelling speculation."
A surge in Vancouver and Toronto home prices have raised worries that demand in the cities is overheated.
The central bank does not know how much speculation is driving demand, but "extrapolated expectations" about rising prices is a possible factor, Poloz said.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Richard Chang)
U.S. Representative Jeb Hensarling (R-TX) speaks to members of the media after meeting with U.S. President Elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in the Manhattan borough of New York City, U.S., November 17, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar
WASHINGTON The head of the U.S. House of Representatives' banking panel has unveiled the Republicans' most ambitious plan so far to loosen financial regulations, a 600-page bill to replace the Dodd-Frank financial reform law.
Representative Jeb Hensarling, who chairs the House Financial Services Committee, also set an April 26 hearing to discuss replacing the 2010 law. (bit.ly/2oMiHL4)
"Republicans are eager to work with the president to end and replace the Dodd-Frank mistake with the Financial CHOICE Act because it holds Wall Street and Washington accountable, ends taxpayer-funded bank bailouts, and unleashes America's economic potential," the Texas Republican said in a statement.
The blueprint of Hensarling's bill has been known for some time. They first introduced a similar measure in 2016, where it passed their committee but was not considered by the full House.
Representative Maxine Waters, the top Democrat on the committee, has dismissed Hensarling's bill.
“The new version, which is even worse than Chairman Hensarling's first draft, cannot be allowed to become law. There is too much at stake for consumers and for our economy at large," they said in a statement earlier this month.
The 2010 Dodd-Frank law established strict rules on the financial sector to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. Republicans like Hensarling, as well as President Donald Trump, believe the regulations put an undue burden on businesses and have held back the economy by restricting lending.
But Hensarling's ambitious approach, which would eliminate huge portions of Dodd-Frank, faces an uncertain political future beyond the House. At least eight Democrats would need to support a financial reform bill in the Senate for it to pass, and the major changes proposed by Hensarling are not expected by industry experts to garner that type of support.
Instead, the Senate is expected to take a slower, piecemeal approach to revisiting financial rules, with a focus on changes that could garner bipartisan support.
Hensarling's bill would make a host of changes to financial rules in the United States. For example, banks could significantly increase the amount of capital they hold, and in turn no longer have to adhere to a host of existing Dodd-Frank rules.
Hensarling's bill also severely restricts the power of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, while bringing it under much stricter oversight by Congress. The measure is likely to be met with strict opposition by Democrats in Congress.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
A Harrogate pressure group's sustainable transport policies have won the backing of the town's leading bus company.
The local head of Transdev said Zero Carbon Harrogate's sustainable transport vision which was published in last week's Harrogate Advertiser was to be applauded.
And they said buses had a crucial role to play in a better and more environmentally-friendly future.
Alex Hornby, chief executive of Transdev Blazefield said:“As The Harrogate Bus Company, we've been at the heart of the community in Harrogate for over a century and whilst we are proud of our pedigree, we deeply care about the town's future.
"That's why we applaud the vision of Zero Carbon Harrogate and share many of its aims, including the introduction of a new zero-emission electric fleet during early 2018 and the continued roll-out of Euro 6 level emission buses which are less polluting than a new diesel car.
"Furthermore, the continued congestion and pressure for road space means that buses have to be part of the answer for a sustainable Harrogate both now and in the future, and we are doing all we can to make the bus a better option for people by investing in better buses with hi-spec features and enhanced technology, best value ticketing and information.”
Zero Carbon Harrogate: A vision of a sustainable transport policy
Highlights from A Sustainable Transport Model report
by Anna Crugan of Zero Carbon Harrogate, with advice from Leeds Beckett University
vision 1
park and ride
(A) Buses & Bikes
Reducing the volume of traffic coming into the town centre is achievable through park and ride schemes. These would be located in Pannal, the Yorkshire Showground, the gas works and at a location east of Knaresborough.
(B) Trains for urban
journeys
Adding tain stops for park and ride and additional halts for suburbs such as Knaresborough East and Claro Industrial Estate would take pressure away from the road networks. An additional Stray halt would serve the local secondary schools of Harrogate Grammar School. St Aidan's High School and Rossett High School.
vision 2
reduce speed limits
(A) Urban areas
With lower road speeds pedestrians have an actual and perceived sense of improved safety.
Lower speed limits are already adopted in larger cities such as Glasgow where it has led to smoother traffic flows.
(B) Home Zones
Home zones are residential areas where road speed is reduced to 10 or 20mph.
The road layout and structure encourages pedestrian and cycling priority. Streets become a social space.
Access roads to the home zones are limited to remove ‘rat running' of vehicles. Quiet residential streets encourage residents to cycle and walk.
vision 3
strengthen bus routes
Bus routes are the lifeline of a rural economy and protecting connections from Harrogate and Knaresborough to smaller towns is key.
A new orbital service providing links around the outskirts of Harrogate and Knaresborough to places of employment and the hospital would avoid a journey into a town centre and out again.
With the introduction of a park and ride scheme, orbital buses routes are an alternative to the bus park and ride journeys into the town centres.
vision 4
a dense network of cycle routes
In 2019 Harrogate will host the Union Cycliste Internationale Road World Championships.
In our vision of Harrogate & Knaresborough in 2035, the excellent reputation for sports cycling is complemented by the day-to-day cycling, to work, to school and to transport hubs.
This vision includes a segregated network of bike lanes and making journeys safer and healthier.
Provision of electric bikes that makes the hills less of a challenge provides an option of sustainable travel for the less fit.
Commuting by bike is also less exerting on an electric bike and an option for workers without showers at work.
vision 5
prioritise accessible green space
(A) Places like The Stray, Nidd Gorge, the Pinewoods, Conyngham Hall and Riverside walk in Knaresborough are more than just a pretty landscape, they are an economic asset and a reason to visit.
The green space also provides environmental services including mitigation of air pollution, carbon storage, control of surface water and flood protection.
(B) Reconnecting The Stray
Today the Stray is divided by the A61and A59 and is bounded in many areas by parked cars, most of which are avoiding parking costs in the town centre.
Pedestrian access across the Stray is impeded by traffic with many of the pedestrian crossings being located some distance from the natural line of the paths. There are some cycles routes along the Stray but not all these have safe crossing points across the main roads.
In this Vision for 2035 the Stray is expanded around Trinity Church to:
Retain its connectivity between High and Low Harrogate as originally envisaged
Ensure the landscape character of the Stray is enhanced not detracted by free on-street parking Allow more space in other areas of the Stray for cycle paths by adding land
Ensu re the success of park and rides schemes.
vision 6
harrogate gold route
The heart of the conomy of Harrogate is the business visitors to the Convention Centre.
Using Sheffield's excellent example of urban realm design, Harrogate needs a Gold Route for pedestrians to guide them from the transport hubs of the railway and bus station to all the entrances around the Convention Centre and the Royal Hall.
Implementing the existing Harrogate Town Centre Strategy and Masterplan (Environmental Associates 2016) is a key step towards this vision.
The conference visitor and audiences at the Royal Hall want to spend time networking and socialising in a pleasant environment but, at the moment, the public realm around these areas is disconnected from the historic heart of Harrogate by the A61.
vision 7
car clubs
Car clubs allow people to access a car occasionally in a community run scheme. Vehicles are provided around the town for hire on an hourly rate, half day or day rate.
Providing low emission electric powered vehicles with charging points would not only help air quality but also help supplement the electric charging network.
For visitors coming to Harrogate and Knaresborough, sustainable tourism could be offered with this model.
Arrive by public transport but have access to a vehicle for an hour, half day or a day to
explore the villages of the district and the Dales.
For residents, access to a car club allows new developments to be designed with less space allocated to vehicles and parking and more of the precious land resource allocated to housing.
Still riding the success of their record-breaking KOD album, J. Cole has more deep content for the kids to stream.
Starring Kevin Hart and directed by Cole & Scott Lazer, this conversation starter will definitely be trending for the next few days.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
* S.Korea state utility seen likeliest NuGen suitor
* KEPCO in talks, but needs "considerable time" -source
* Britain, Toshiba seeks to accelerate chase for deal
By Jane Chung
SEOUL, April 5 As Britain steps up the hunt for a new partner for a stalled nuclear power project, South Korea's KEPCO remains the most likely suitor, but two people with direct knowledge of the matter said the giant utility won't be rushed to the altar.
With British business minister Greg Clark in Seoul for talks, the status of KEPCO - Korea Electric Power Corp (KEPCO) - as likely buyer has been enhanced this week by troubled Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp having to take on full ownership of the NuGen project after France's Engie backed.
One of few utilities to retain global nuclear ambitions, KEPCO said last month that it was in talks over a potential stake purchase in NuGen, a three-reactor, up-to-3,800 megawatt project in northwest England that London needs on stream in 2025 to meet projected power demand, but has suffered significant setbacks since it was set up in 2010.
But while both Britain and cash-strapped Toshiba seek to accelerate progress towards a deal, state-owned KEPCO will not be able to move faster, the people with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday. They declined to be identified because they were not authorised to discuss the matter publicly.
"Both Britain and Toshiba, they seem to be in a greater hurry than we thought and pushing KEPCO. In fact, it requires considerable time to review a project, so it is not a matter that can be done hastily," one of the people said.
British minister Clark is due to brief Korean press later on Wednesday on progress in contacts.
Toshiba's U.S. nuclear construction arm Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy last week, and the company is selling a majority stake in its prized memory chips business to raise cash.
One key issue for KEPCO will be the technology used for the Moorside project - Toshiba's AP1000 reactor, as planned, or its own APR1400. While Toshiba previously received the green light from Britain for the Westinghouse design, KEPCO could make approval for its own technology that a condition.
"KEPCO is working and studying hard which type of nuclear reactors would suit better for them, given the current market situation," the second person with knowledge of the matter said.
Using KEPCO's own reactors could "give a better reason to join the project", the person said. (Reporting by Jane Chung in SEOUL; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Election volunteers pass their time as they wait for voters at a polling station during by-elections in Yangon, Myanmar April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
A man puts their ballot into a ballot box at a polling station as they vote during by-elections in Yangon, Myanmar April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
A man gets ink on their finger after casting their ballot during by-elections in Yangon, Myanmar April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
A man puts their ballot into a ballot box at a polling station as they vote during by-elections in Yangon, Myanmar April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
YANGON Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's party won nearly half of the seats contested in by-elections on Sunday, the first vote since it swept to power a year ago and an early indication of support for their administration amid increased fighting with ethnic armed groups and slower economic growth.
Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) won nine out of 19 seats in the national and regional parliaments, according to the Union Election Commission, following a period in which they have struggled to match sky-high expectations.
In a televised address earlier this week, Suu Kyi acknowledged the public's frustration with the slow pace of reforms and development.
But they also reiterated their top priority of ending the ethnic conflicts that have kept Myanmar in a state of near-perpetual civil war.
While the outcome of the by-elections will not affect the balance of power within the parliament, where the NLD enjoys a large majority, it offers a chance to gauge the popularity of the administration in a country where nationwide public polls are not available.
Win Htein, one of the NLD's top leaders, said the party faced language barriers and problems with armed groups in the Shan state districts being contested. Fighting in some of those areas has intensified in recent months.
"We are still improving in Shan state. The local people don't understand Burmese, so we have to translate our policies into the Shan language," they said.
Major rebel armies engaged in clashes with the military in areas including the Shan state have refused to actively participate in Suu Kyi's peace process.
Several conflicts have reignited since Suu Kyi took office, displacing an estimated 160,000 more people, according to the United Nations.
Over two million voters, less than five percent of the country's population, could vote in the by-elections where seats in eight states and regions across the country were up for grabs.
"We still accept the NLD government after one year. They are governing smoothly," said Victor Hla Sein, a 73-year-old from Myanmar's commercial hub Yangon.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Suu Kyi is also facing international criticism for their government's handling of a crisis in the Muslim-majority Rakhine region, where soldiers have blocked access for aid workers and are accused of raping and killing civilians.
The by-elections will fill seats largely vacated by incumbents who joined the government in ministerial posts. Some seats that were excluded from previous elections due to fighting with ethnic armed groups were also up for grabs.
(Reporting by Wa Lone, Simon Lewis and Aye Win Myint; Writing by Yimou Lee; Editing by Kim Coghill and Mark Potter)
* Coach, MasterCard rise after results best estimates
* Apple hits record ahead of quarterly results
* Pfizer down after revenue misses estimates
* Dow up 0.03 pct, S&P down 0.06 pct, Nasdaq down 0.11 pct (Updates to open)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 2 Wall Street was little changed on Tuesday, with the Nasdaq Composite edging lower after eking out another record high, as the Federal Reserve's meeting kicks off.
While the Fed is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, investors are awaiting the central bank's statement, due on Wednesday, for clues regarding the future path of rate hikes.
"While no one expects any changes to policy, the 500-word statement will probably provide some direction to the dollar," said Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM.
"'Will the Fed acknowledge a slowdown in growth and thus send rate hike expectations lower for 2017?' The Fed's statement should be answering these questions, and based on that, traders will act."
Strong corporate earnings for the first quarter have largely outweighed concerns about patches of weak economic data, including a report last week that showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter.
At 9:50 a.m. ET (1350 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 5.59 points, or 0.03 percent, at 20,919.05. The S&P 500 was down 1.45 points, or 0.06 percent, at 2,386.88 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 6.52 points, or 0.11 percent, at 6,085.09.
Ten of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with the industrials index's 0.34 percent rise leading the advancers.
Investors are bracing for another heavy week of corporate reports to see if quarterly earnings will keep on exceeding expectations.
Overall, profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.6 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Shares of Apple rose as much as 0.8 percent to $147.69, hitting a record high for the second straight day. The stock was the biggest boost on the S&P and Nasdaq. The iPhone maker is due to report results after the close of market.
Dow component Pfizer was down 1.2 percent at $33.36 after the drugmaker's quarterly revenue missed estimates.
MasterCard rose 2.1 percent to $118.73 as the world's second-largest payments network's quarterly profit rose.
Advanced Micro Devices tumbled 16.2 percent to $11.45 after the chipmaker's second-quarter gross margins forecast raised some concerns.
Coach rose 6.2 percent to $41.12 after the handbag maker reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,321 to 1,263. On the Nasdaq, 1,300 issues fell and 1,052 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 30 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 91 new highs and 19 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
* Banks seek to recoup $381 mln via courts
* Creditors keen to sell data centre to Etisalat
* KPMG no longer advising on Pacific Control debt -source
By Tom Arnold and Hadeel Al Sayegh
DUBAI, April 9 More creditors of Dubai technology company Pacific Controls are pursuing court action against the company as they seek to recoup some of the 1.4 billion dirhams ($381 million) they're owed, banking sources said.
The company, which has served clients including telecoms firm Etisalat and Dubai Civil Defence, has been struggling since last year as cashflow has dwindled. Several of the roughly 19 banks that have exposure to the company have now asked for court consent to seize its data centre in Dubai and other assets, the sources said.
Pacific Controls did not respond to an emailed request for comment and staff answering the phone at the firm directed requests for comment to be sent by email to Chief Executive Sanjay Nayak. Nayak did not respond to an emailed request for comment.
The data centre acts as security against a syndicated loan the company has been unable to make payments on, while other assets the firm holds are security against bilateral debt the firm has not been able to meet, the sources said.
Pacific Controls is one of many Gulf companies that are floundering as more than two years of low oil prices drag down economic growth and business activity, leaving banks with a rising number of bad loans.
Mashreq, National Bank of Fujairah, Dubai Islamic Bank, Ajman Bank, United Arab Bank and Noor Bank are among the lenders pursuing legal action against Pacific Controls via the Dubai civil courts, the sources said. They join Emirates NBD, which is already pursuing legal action.
Dubai Islamic Bank, Mashreq and United Arab Bank declined to comment, while the other banks did not respond to requests for comment.
Banks hope to sell the data centre to telecommunications firm Etisalat, which is a currently using it as a customer.
Pacific Controls built the data centre in 2011 with an investment of $85 million in order to manage data services for building control and automation. More recently, the privately-owned firm has branched out into cloud computing and the internet of things.
Bankers hope a sale will allow them to recover at least part of the outstanding amount they're owed, although several banks have taken provisions against their exposure, the sources said.
Creditors' optimism about a turnaround of the firm has soured in recent months as the company's founder and executive chairperson and former chief executive Dilip Rahulan remains overseas, having left for the United States last summer for surgery, the sources said.
Staff answering the company's office confirmed their absence and said there was no information on their return. They declined to provide Rahulan's contact details, instead directing enquiries about the firm to Nayak, who was appointed chief executive after Rahulan's departure overseas.
KPMG, which was hired last year to advise on a potential restructuring of the company's debt, has stopped working on the matter because of non-payment of its fees, a source with direct knowledge of the situation said.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What a dreadful way for Aston Villa to start 2017.
Defeat at relegation-threatened Cardiff, another goalkeeping error and a performance that highlights how hard Villa must work to improve in times ahead.
For an hour they were woeful and how Joe Ralls was the only Bluebirds player to score remains a mystery.
Chances went begging from Kadeem Harris, Ken Zohore and Aron Gunnarsson before the visitors even decided to turn up.
The final 30 minutes were better with Ross McCormack and substitute Gabby Agbonlahor twice going close but an equaliser would only have temporarily eased the troubles.
Clearly Villa need to recruit fresh legs this month to aid their promotion push which took another hit with the top teams again stretching further away from Villa after this latest round of fixtures.
The first half was as bad as it has been this season and the game should have been out of sight by the turn.
For the opener Mark Bunn spilled Joe Bennett's low corner, putting pressure on their backline to make amends. They couldn't and Ralls took full advantage by steering home from close-range.
The onslaught then continued.
First Harris fired over from eight yards out when they should have done better.
Lee Peltier had got the better of Jordan Amavi and put it on a plate for the wideman but they wasted the opportunity.
An even worse miss followed.
Villa were at sixes and sevens and couldn't deal with the threat Cardiff posed from set-pieces.
Unable to clear another Bennett delivery, Sean Morrison set up Zohore but they smashed the crossbar from three yards out, seriously letting Villa off in the process.
Steve Bruce couldn't believe what they were seeing and had a face like thunder when Villa were carved open again before the interval.
This time Craig Noone played in Zohore who had a chance to make amends as they found themselves through on goal.
Dithering on the ball, they took too long allowing Amavi to clear on the line when they should have punished Villa's sloppy play.
Ashley Westwood and Gary Gardner were both dragged at half-time as Bruce introduced fresh legs in Aaron Tshibola and Agbonlahor.
It certainly made a difference but not before tensions boiled over.
Grealish was persistently fouled by the Bluebirds backline and when Sol Bamba tripped them on the edge of the box, Villa finally had a chance to test goalkeeper Brian Murphy.
McCormack stepped up to strike the free-kick but Murphy pushed it onto the bar and diverted the danger,
Albert Adomah shaded it as Villa's best performer but they hardly set Wales alight.
Agbonlahor had their best game for a while, too,
They called the stopper into action again as they cut in from the left and curled an effort towards the top corner only to see their shot palmed over the bar.
The striker went ever closer minutes later, spinning in the box and shooting at Murphy who superbly kept it out.
Villa pushed and probed at the death but couldn't get closer to levelling and left empty-handed from another miserable day on the road.
ANALYSIS
Villa missed the influence of Mile Jedinak in the middle of the park as they missed out through injury. The midfield was non-existent in the first half and both Gary Gardner and Ashley Westwood were dragged at the break after failing to make an impact on the game. When Villa decided to start playing it was too late and Cardiff comfortably held onto a deserved lead.
TEAMS
Cardiff: Murphy, Peltier, Morrison, Manga, Bamba, Bennett (Connolly, 82) Ralls, Gunnarsson, Zohore, Harris, Hoilett. Subs: Wilson, Richards, Noone, Pilkington, Huws, Lambert.
Villa: Bunn, Hutton, Chester, Baker, Amavi, Westwood (Agbonlahor, 46), Bacuna. Gardner (Tshibola, 46), Adomah, Grealish, McCormack (Hepburn-Murphy, 82) Subs: Gollini, Elphick, Ayew, Cissokho.
CROWD WATCH
A decent attendance at the Cardiff City Stadium. The majority went home happy but 3258 Villa fans were left frustrated once again.
Attendance: 21,391
BIGGER PICTURE
Villa missed the chance to put pressure on the top teams. Newcastle and Derby both lost but the majority of the play-off chasing sides continued their fine form. Villa can't afford many more slip-ups now.
April 10DDM HOLDING AG:
* SAID ON FRIDAY ONE OF ITS WHOLLY OWNED INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES, DDM DEBT AB (PUBL), SUCCESSFULLY ISSUED AN ADDITIONAL 35 MILLION EUROS UNDER THE 85 MILLION EUROS SENIOR SECURED BOND FRAMEWORK
* PURPOSE OF THE BOND TAP ISSUE WAS TO SUPPORT CONTINUED STRONG GROWTH
* BOND TAP ISSUE HAD BEEN PLACED AT A PRICE OF 101.50 PER CENT OF THE NOMINAL AMOUNT, INDICATING A YIELD TO MATURITY OF C. 9 PER CENT
* AFTER THE TAP ISSUE, THE TOTAL OUTSTANDING AMOUNT OF DDM DEBT'S BOND LOAN WOULD TOTAL 85 MILLION EUROS
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Euro and Pound banknotes are seen in front of BREXIT letters in this picture illustration taken April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
COPENHAGEN/BRUSSELS For its neighbours and closest friends in Europe, Britain's impending departure from the EU has prompted a flurry of networking in the hope of defending free trade and lean budgets in Brussels.
Britain has been the hub of an informal club known as the Northern Lights, that includes the EU's Nordic members, Irish and Dutch; it offered collective muscle in wrangling against more protectionist and dirigiste traditions in France and Germany or eastern and southern states hungry for EU subsidies.
Now, the constellation of smaller, wealthy states is working to prevent a post-Brexit EU from tilting against their interests. It is looking further afield for allies, such as the free-trading Baltic states and Czechs, or Austria, which is mounting hawkish opposition to paying more to Brussels to make up for the big hole Britain will leave in the EU subsidy budget.
"The British voice in the debate will be missed, especially in areas such as trade," Danish Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen told Reuters. "Therefore, Denmark is looking to tighten our relations with our normal like-minded group of countries but at the same time reach out to other member states that we traditionally haven't coordinated with."
Samuelson has been on what they call an "alliance" tour that has taken in Austria, the Czech Republic and Portugal, looking to bolster ties on various parts of Denmark's agenda.
Their boss, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, took part in a summit with Irish premier Enda Kenny hosted by Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in The Hague last week at which all three spoke of common interests. Those are both on Brexit, which will hit trade especially for Britain's near neighbours and raise issues like fishing rights, but also on wider EU affairs.
KEEPING IT INFORMAL
Kenny was keen to stress that the idea was not to formalise a union within the Union, in the way that the Benelux trio coordinates EU policy or the Visegrad four of Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary: "We are not talking about the birth of a new subsidiary of the European Council," they said.
The core group includes countries both in and outside the euro zone and current governments that are variously somewhat right or left of centre, though broadly committed by national tradition to free trade and keeping Brussels on a tight leash.
Free trade, already under pressure since the election of the more protectionist-minded U.S. President Donald Trump and the rise of anti-globalisation forces in Europe, is a cause on which the likes of the Baltics and Czechs are very supportive.
"It's very much based on the old British club, the Northern Lights, but without the UK," a senior Nordic government official told Reuters. "So we need to seek new partners."
"The North and East feel now is not the moment to have protectionist tendencies. It is time to fight for free trade."
Opposition to EU efforts to sign more free trade pacts has stumbled. Nationalist and leftist movements in Germany, France and elsewhere oppose long-running talks with Washington. They nearly derailed a deal with Canada that was finally signed last year after 11th-hour drama in Belgium's French-speaking south.
With 21 percent of the EU population and 26 percent of GDP, a British-led northern six was a major force. The Netherlands, Ireland, Denmark, Finland and Sweden will account for less than 10 percent of people and 15 percent of the shrunken EU economy.
Denmark's Samuelsen, however, has been encouraged by the responses he's had from potential new allies they have visited.
"So far," they said, "I've been received very positively."
(Additional reporting by Stephanie van den Berg in The Hague; Writing by Alastair Macdonald; editing by Ralph Boulton)
A repeat rapist who committed a violent attack in the Riverhead quarry near Auckland is appealing their convictions and sentence.
Colin Jack Mitchell Source: 1 NEWS
Colin Jack Mitchell has filed papers in the Court of Appeal.
Today their lawyer Mark Ryan confirmed to RNZ that their client would appeal the pre-trial decision, which saw Mitchell tried for the quarry attack at the same time as an historic rape from 25 years before.
If the appeal is unsuccessful, it is likely Mitchell will die behind bars.
The sixty-year-old was this month sentenced to preventive detention with a minimum non-parole period of 10 years. The sentence means they cannot be released until they prove they are no longer a threat to society.
Mitchell has bladder cancer and continues to deny their offending. Their refusal to take responsibility means they will not be able to take part in rehabilitation courses while inside prison - making them an unlikely candidate for parole.
Mitchell had gloves, a mask and a pool cue in the back of their car when they left their Onehunga flat in the early hours of 26 February last year.
They were planning a sexual attack - and it wasn't their first.
At their sentencing, Justice Fitzgerald said Mitchell drove into town and found a young drunk woman walking by herself. They got them into their car and drove them to a quarry in Riverhead, north-west of Auckland.
"The first memory they have of these events is coming to find themselves in the quarry, wearing only their underwear, with you standing over her, in your mask."
The victim touched their head and it was bleeding. Mitchell began shouting orders at them and they managed to scramble away to call police.
CCTV cameras in town showed a car matching Mitchells had been in the area when the victim was picked up and the same car was caught on cameras at the quarry site.
The police also found gloves at the scene. One of them had Mitchell's DNA inside them.
Mitchell's explanation that they had only tried on the gloves in a shop was rejected by the jury.
They also linked them to a previously unsolved rape from 1992.
Mitchell picked a woman up as they walked home and dropped them on Rosebank Rd in the Auckland suburb of Avondale.
"You ambushed them from a hiding place behind a tree," Justice Fitzgerald said.
"You punched them in the face and in the head, enough to stun her, but not to drop her, and then you put them in a head lock."
They dragged them down a driveway behind a factory and raped them
Mitchell claimed the sex was consensual - a story the jury did not believe.
They also have convictions for the rape of a sex worker in 1985 whom they threatened with violence.
Justice Fitzgerald said two experienced health assessors found Mitchell was a high risk of re-offending.
"In my view, there is a clear and disturbing pattern of serious sexual offending by you, over a period of some decades. Having considered your full offending history, there is also a clear similarity between the nature of your offending, including its predatory nature, offending against strangers, seeking out vulnerable victims, associated violence, threats of further violence if instructions are not carried out, and in more recent times, removal of your victims to remote locations to prevent detection."
Mitchell told one health assessor they didn't see any point in taking part in rehabilitation for sex offenders.
Justice Fitzgerald said Mitchell posed a serious risk to the community and their advancing age had not made them safer.
* Investors wary of developments in Europe, Syria, North Korea * U.S. sells $24 billion 3-year notes to the lowest bids since 2009 * Fed could begin balance sheet wind-down by year-end -Bullard * Yellen to speak on policy at U. Michigan at 4:10 p.m. EDT (Update market action, add quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Monday as jitters about the French presidential election, concerns about North Korea and tension between U.S. and Syria underpinned safe-haven demand for U.S. government debt. On the other hand, reduced trading volume because of Passover and Easter holidays this week may end up depressing bids for the $56 billion worth of coupon-bearing Treasuries, analysts said. "You are getting some safe-haven bids on geopolitical concerns," said Guy LeBas, chief fixed income strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia. Polls released on Monday showed a tight first-round French presidential contest on April 23, led by anti-EU, anti-immigrant National Front candidate Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron. They indicated Macron would beat Le Pen in a May 7 runoff. The possibility of a Le Pen victory has raised fears that France, the euro zone's second-biggest economy, might withdraw from the currency bloc. In the Middle East, U.S. President Donald Trump is open to additional strikes on Syria following last week's missile assault in response to civilians killed by chemical attacks by Syria's military, a White House spokesperson said. Unfounded rumors about military maneuvers in the Korean peninsula amid concerns about North Korea's advancing weapons program caused a brief dip in stock prices and bond yields to session lows, traders said. The decline in bond yields was limited by poor demand at a $24 billion three-year note auction where the bid-to-cover ratio was the weakest since July 2009. The U.S. Treasury Department will sell $20 billion of 10-year notes on Tuesday and $12 billion of 30-year bonds on Wednesday. The yield drop was also mitigated by the possibility the U.S. central bank will begin paring reinvestments into Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities. Earlier Monday, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said the Fed could begin winding down its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year. Wall Street's top banks see the central bank making such a move in 2017, according to a Reuters poll conducted on Friday. Investors await further clues on balance sheet normalization from Fed Chair Janet Yellen, who will participate in a discussion on public policy at the University of Michigan at 4:10 p.m. (2010 GMT). The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury was 2.362 percent, down 1 basis point from late on Friday, while the yield on 30-year was 1 basis point lower at 2.988 percent. U.S. financial markets will close on the Good Friday holiday. April 10 Monday 3:21PM New York / 1921 GMT Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-24/32 0-8/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 124-232/256 0-24/256 Price Current Net Yield % Change (bps) Three-month bills 0.7925 0.805 -0.015 Six-month bills 0.9375 0.9549 0.003 Two-year note 99-242/256 1.2781 -0.008 Three-year note 100-92/256 1.4989 -0.005 Five-year note 99-226/256 1.8998 -0.011 Seven-year note 99-164/256 2.1808 -0.011 10-year note 99-4/256 2.3625 -0.010 30-year bond 100-60/256 2.988 -0.009 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 31.75 -1.00 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 26.50 -1.50 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 9.50 -1.00 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -3.75 -0.75 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.00 0.00 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by W Simon and Steve Orlofsky)
Host ~ Craig Robert Young
Contact
Koral Young Group
***@koralyoung.com Koral Young Group
End
-- Brits in LA and The Toscars, will be hosting their Annual Parody Awards at the Renberg Theatre. The show has garnered some fabulous reviews and it has often been quoted as the most fun event during award season. 2017 marks a significant milestone as its their 10th year anniversary.The Toscars, previously sponsored by Jaguar, has become one of the must-attend events during the awards season, as well as being one of the only predominately British ceremonies in Hollywood during that period.The Toscars are produced every year by actor,and. The Awards include 'Best Whactor', 'Best Whactor', 'Best Scribbler,' 'Best Boss' and of course Best Toscar. Past judges and hosts have included Film and TV actor, Glee's, Fringe's, True Blood's, The Dark Knight Rises', DJ and composer, Everybody Love Raymond's, The Brady Bunch's, Devious Maid'sand UK's Law and Order, The Helps', Entourage'sand iconic comedian/head writer for the Oscars,The red-carpet awards ceremony is a black-tie affair, bringing out the glitz and glamour of old Hollywood.The Toscars will be held on February 22nd 2017 at the prestigious Renberg Theatre at the LGBT CENTER, assisting and supporting the community.Tickets are available here: https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/the-10th-annual- toscars-tick...
TBILISI, March 29 The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has approved a $114 million loan for build a new road in Georgia and help improve the former Soviet republic's transport links, the bank said on Wednesday.
The loan would finance construction of a 14.3 km bypass around the port city of Batumi on Georgia's Black Sea coast which lies on an international trade route, the bank said in a statement. Funds would also support maintenance of other roads.
"Georgia is well poised to become a stronger transport and logistics hub for the Caucasus region — something that could help propel the country's growth and development," said Yesim Elhan-Kayalar, ADB country director in Georgia.
"ADB is committed to play a seminal role in improving the country's transport connectivity and the sustainability of its road network through this project," they said. (Reporting by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Edmund Blair)
More Pokémon are here for Pokémon Go!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Niantic has apparently launched its Pokémon Go Gen 2 update.
The update, which is supposed to add about 100 new monsters to the game, is rumoured to be dripped out over the coming months.
As of yet, the only update appears to be Baby Pokémon, which dropped on December 12.
But it is rumoured the rest will be added in the coming months.
The latest event has seen the world overrun with starter Pokémon and eggs with Gen 2 Pokémon inside.
But what's coming up next?
Niantic is keen to keep users engaged, and there have already been some predictions for the New Year.
The developer has reportedly sent out a new message teasing the next big update.
It says: “That's all for now.
"Look for another update from us in a few weeks.
“You may even get a special message from Professor Willow.
"Remember to be alert at all times when playing Pokémon Go.”
Professor Willow gives players their first Pokeball at the start of the game, the reference could mean the release of more monsters this month.
Fans are already speculating that the next round of Pokémon will come in clusters, with more mini-events.
Most players bailed on the game once they had a full Pokedex, and it seemed like too much effort to get that final one of two they need.
With mini-events, Niantic may be able to hold people's interests with just six to 10 Pokémon at a time.
In the meantime, there are Legendary Pokémon on the way - but there are still a few months to go until that day.
Here are a few issues and changes you can expect:
Single-use incubators
The Pokémon Go Holiday event is coming to an end, which means no more single-use incubators supplied by the Pokestops.
Players won't be able to hatch eggs at the faster rate.
Gen 2 eggs
The evolved creatures from Baby Pokémon aren't hatching.
Siph Road, a Pokémon Go community site held an experiment with researchers collected eggs from December 12 to look at hatch rates.
The results left them baffled, out of the 1,621 eggs they collected, not a single one hatched an evolved form of the Baby Pokémon.
They also didn't hatch any Regional Pokémon.
Legendary Pokémon are on their way
Finally!
There are reports that Legendary Pokémon will be released in the next few months.
Niantic has delayed their release as Spring and Summer are when most players will go back out and explore.
There is no exact date for the release as of yet.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
DUBAI/RIYADH/LONDON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia favours New York for the main foreign listing of state oil giant Aramco, even though some financial and legal advisers have recommended London as a less problematic and risky option, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
A final decision on where to stage what could be the world's largest initial public offering will be taken by Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman - or MbS as they are known - who oversees the kingdom's economic and energy policies, the sources said.
Their comments point to internal disagreements between what some advisers are recommending and what the crown prince wants.
Prince Mohammad may choose to list Aramco on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for "political considerations", given the longstanding relationship between Riyadh and Washington, the sources said. However, they added that financial and commercial factors would also play a role in the choice.
Aramco said in a statement that no decision has been taken yet on the listing venue, beyond the Saudi exchange Tadawul. "All options continue to be held under consideration. There is no timetable requirement for an immediate definitive decision," Aramco said in response to a Reuters request for comment.
Selling around five percent of Aramco by next year is a centrepiece of Vision 2030, an ambitious reform plan to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil which is championed by Prince Mohammad.
Several advisers have recommended London for the main listing outside Saudi Arabia, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters last month, partly due to concerns that a U.S. flotation would require greater disclosure of sensitive information on Aramco.
One senior industry source, however, said New York is likely to be the favoured option for the Saudi government and Prince Mohammad. "That is broadly correct," the source said, adding: "All awaits on the final shareholder decision."
Apart from New York and London, Hong Kong is also a contender, sources say. The flotation is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars which would be invested to help develop other Saudi industries.
The New York and London stock exchanges declined to comment.
Exchanges are vying to win part of the flotation as it will bring a major boost to their trading volumes, and will be likely to help them win listings from other Gulf states which are looking to part-privatise their commodity assets.
But the Aramco plan has created some public misgivings that Riyadh is relinquishing its crown jewels to foreigners cheaply at a time of low oil prices. Some Aramco employees secretly wish the whole idea would be shelved, sources say.
Apart from choosing an exchange, no decision has been made either on exactly which assets will be floated, or what Aramco's internal organisational structure would look like after listing, the sources say.
One of the main issues being discussed internally is the valuation. Prince Mohammed has said the IPO will value Aramco at a minimum of $2 trillion, although some analysts' estimates are between $1 trillion (772.02 billion pounds) and $1.5 trillion (1.16 trillion pounds).
Though listing on the New York market would mean access to more liquidity, this would bring greater scrutiny to Aramco's estimates of proven energy reserves and future oil prices, as well as its demand forecasts, all of which play a major role in the company's valuation, another industry source said.
FILE PHOTO: A Saudi Aramco employee sits in the area of its stand at the Middle East Petrotech 2016, an exhibition and conference for the refining and petrochemical industries, in Manama, Bahrain, September 27, 2016. Hamad I Mohammed/File Photo
For the valuation, much depends on the outlook for oil prices, which are currently only half what they were three years ago.
"That's why Saudi Arabia needs a higher oil price for the IPO now, to get a better value for Aramco," the source said.
The back-and-forth internal talks between the crown prince, Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih, Aramco management and the many financial and legal advisers on some of these main decisions have raised speculation that the listing, which is expected to be in the second half of 2018, could be pushed further out.
"They are still studying. When all is settled, they will present all options to MbS," said one industry source.
Slideshow (4 Images)
JASTA RISK
Aramco's lawyers caution about litigation risks associated with the U.S. Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), two sources said.
That law, passed last September, allowed lawsuits to proceed against the Saudi government claiming it had helped to plan the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States and should pay damages to victims. Riyadh denies the allegations.
Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan, a lawyer by training, is most attuned to the legal risk of the four senior government officials advising the crown prince on the listing decision, the source said.
Falih, who is also Aramco's chairperson, Economy and Planning Minister Adel Fakieh and Public Investment Fund Managing Director Yasir al-Rumayyan are the other members of the crown prince's advisory committee, the source said, without elaborating on their views.
The Finance Ministry did not respond to a request for comment on the views of Jadaan.
Saudi industry sources dismissed JASTA as a reason for not listing in New York, noting that Saudi Arabia is believed to have hundreds of billions of dollars of investments in the United States already, including Aramco assets.
They say the difficulty is related more to the disclosure process and complex regulations in New York. These may legally interfere with the sovereignty of the Saudi government, which would remain the major shareholder of Aramco after the flotation.
While the London Stock Exchange has made winning the Aramco listing a priority, the NYSE has not offered any regulatory changes, a source familiar with talks between NYSE and Aramco told Reuters last month.
Britain's Financial Conduct Authority has proposed creating a new "premium" listing category for companies controlled by sovereign states which would exempt them from certain regulatory requirements. The new rules are due to be published towards the end of this year.
(The story repeats to add Exclusive tag.)
DZBB radio broadcaster Orly Trinidad emerged as overall champion at the recent San Miguel Corporation Media Invitational Golf Tournament at the WackWack Golf and Country Club.
Trinidad's gross score of 75 turned out to be the best in this year's edition of the tourney. Philippine Daily Inquirer's Musong Castillo and The Philippine Star's Mary Ann Reyes both ended with a net of 69 but the former's lower handicap gave them the title for Class A.
Besides finishing second, Reyes also won the Most Accurate Drive award. DZBB's Joel Reyes Zobel, with a net of 70, finished third in the division.
Father and son Rey Langit and Rey Langit Jr. tied with a net of 70 but the latter's lower handicap won them first place in Class B. Nilo Paurom of the Philippine Daily Inquirer came in third with a net of 72. Paurom also went home with the Longest Drive award.
Meanwhile, Waylon Galvez of Manila Bulletin clinched the Class C title. Business Mirror's Al Mendoza and Manila Standard Today's Jojo Robles both scored a net of 75. But Mendoza, at 35-36, scored better in the last six holes leading the two to finish second and third, respectively.
COOK Magazine's Dino Datu won the Nearest to the Pin award. The tourney, organized by San Miguel Corporation, gathered over 50 reporters in the print and broadcast industry.
The tournament was supported by SMC business units led by Petron Corp., San Miguel Brewery Inc., SMC Infrastructure,Makati Diamond Residences, San Miguel Global Power Holdings Corp., Northern Cement Corporation, San Miguel Yamamura Packaging Corp., Transaire Development Holdings Corporation, Ginebra San Miguel Inc., San Miguel Pure Foods Company Inc., and San Miguel Properties Inc.
WASHINGTON — At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1.
In a brief statement, the Pentagon said Defence Secretary Jim Mattis and their South Korean counterpart, Song Young-moo, agreed to go forward with the manoeuvrs, known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, “at a scale similar to” that of previous years.
North Korea has been notified of the schedule “as well as the defensive nature” of the exercises, the Pentagon said.
The timing and size of the annual manoeuvrs are especially sensitive this year because of heightened tension over the North's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States – followed, unexpectedly, by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis.
North Korea typically objects to U.S.-South Korean military exercises, calling them dress rehearsals for an invasion. Washington and Seoul insist they are defensive and are needed to keep allied forces combat-ready.
After recent high-level talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, South Korean officials said Kim indicated their acceptance of the manoeuvrs. Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up their nuclear weapons on unspecified terms, and Trump quickly agreed. The time and place of the unprecedented talks have not been set, but the White House indicated the summit would happen by May.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is scheduled to set the stage for that summit by meeting with Kim in April in the Demilitarized Zone, which separates the two Koreas.
It had been widely expected that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises would go ahead, even with the new prospects for diplomacy. Some have speculated that the manoeuvrs would be scaled back, but the Pentagon said they would be conducted at “the same scale, scope and duration” as in previous years.
The larger of the two exercises, Foal Eagle, is a field training exercise with about 11,500 U.S. troops and about 290,000 South Korean troops, according to a Pentagon spokesperson, Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan. The other, known as Key Resolve, will involve about 12,200 U.S. troops and about 10,000 from South Korea.
“To avoid compromising exercise objectives, specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed,” Logan said, adding that the purpose is to “enhance” the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory.
The U.S. has about 28,500 troops permanently stationed in South Korea and is obligated by treaty to defend the South in the event it is attacked by the North. The two Koreas are still technically at war because their 1950-53 war ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
GREEN RIVER — On June 13th, officers with the Green River Police Department responded to a report that an individual was injured after exiting a moving vehicle. It was reported a vehicle was eastbound on Shoshone Avenue and stopped at the intersection with West Teton Boulevard.
The vehicle turned south onto West Teton Boulevard, when a passenger in the vehicle exited the moving vehicle following a verbal argument with the driver.
The individual who exited the vehicle was checked on scene by Castle Rock Ambulance Service, was transported to the hospital for further evaluation and was later released.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Police have urged small business owners to review their security following the latest in a series of thefts targeting ATM machines.
In the early hours of Tuesday morning thieves broke into a shop on the Crossgar Road in Ballynahinch and removed a safe and an ATM which police say contained “a substantial amount of money”.
The News Letter is aware of a number of instances in the past two months where thieves have gained access to small businesses in the early hours of the morning and attempted to steal or empty ATMs.
In light of the spate, Chris Sloan, PSNI's head of crime prevention, warned owners to ensure minimum cash is kept on the premises, and if an ATM is a ‘self-fill' option, consider having a managed machine or using a cash security company. They also advised the checking of alarms and installation of CCTV equipment.
Roger Pollen, who is head of external affairs at Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) NI, said: “Business crime is not victimless, it affects individuals and families who are left to pick up the pieces after a crime is committed.”
They explained why small businesses install ATMs: “In the context of closure of nearly a quarter of Northern Ireland bank branches recently, plus a threat to the continued viability of free to use ATMs in certain areas, it is no surprise that many businesses have decided to use in-store ATMs, so cash can still be accessed.
“They also have a use in helping small firms generate income, and reduce transaction costs as bank lodgements have to be made less frequently.”
They added: “Such crimes which target in-store ATMs do not just impact on the business owners and their families, but on the communities which they serve.”
Over the past few months the number of burglaries targeting small shops and businesses with in-store ATMs appear to have increased with reports in Aghalee, Crumlin, Mayobridge, Ballymena and Keady during March and April.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 28/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain walks in the paddock area. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives in the pit lane during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Yuri Kochetkov/Pool
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Lewis Hamilton shrugged off a disappointing Russian Grand Prix qualifying on Saturday, with Ferrari sweeping the front row for the first time in nearly nine years, as "just one of those weekends".
The triple Formula One world champion will line up in fourth place for Mercedes, with teammate Valtteri Bottas third and behind the pole-sitting championship leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.
"It's not every weekend that goes perfectly smoothly," said Hamilton, the winner in China who has a hard road ahead of them on Sunday to prevent Vettel increasing their seven-point advantage.
Hamilton had struggled in practise to get the tyres up to temperature, despite warm conditions at a track that has favoured Mercedes ever since its debut in 2014.
"We worked towards improving the car but generally it got worse and worse... I think it was just the balance that we had," added the Briton.
"Over tonight we'll do some studying and try to turn any negatives into positives. We should hopefully be in a better position tomorrow after the changes we made for today, and I'm hopeful that the race will be stronger."
With Vettel enjoying a pre-eminent position at Ferrari, having won two of the first three races and scored twice as many points as their teammate, there is a risk of Raikkonen 'riding shotgun' and holding up rivals as the German gets away.
Raikkonen, the 2007 world champion, has not been on the podium since July last year and Saturday was the first time the Finn had qualified on the front row since Ferrari's home Italian Grand Prix in September 2015.
It was also Ferrari's first pole since 2015, ending a run of 18 by Mercedes.
Hamilton said, however, that they were still hopeful of a four-way battle.
"I'm in fourth so at the moment it doesn't matter what's happening with the guys on the front row," they said. "I guess I just take it as it comes.
"I think Kimi has been very quick this weekend and they obviously only just missed out on pole... I can't imagine it is going to be a case of Sebastian pulling away," said the two-times winner in Russia.
"Kimi is on it this weekend so hopefully it's a race between the four of us... I hope that's the case but I'll find out when the lights go out."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Unlike so many classics, Jessie Kesson's semi-autobiographical The White Bird Passes seems not to have stood the test of time. Set in the 1920s Aberdeenshire, the Scottish novelist's first work centralises on the character of Janie, an 8 year old girl whose world is the personified lane they live on until its inhabitants are forced apart by poverty. Originally published in 1958, Kesson's writing style and romanticisation of the power of community is disappointingly lost on a modern, globalised reader.
Although proving popular to their contemporary audiences, the initial personification of the ‘Lane', where the majority of the action is carried out, is overly quaint, verging on nauseating. Albeit presented as a third-person perspective of a young child, the contrived imagery, combined with an abundance of superlative, lacks the eloquence of renowned modern writers and renders the syntax stilted and disjointed; it becomes an effort to read.
The suggestion of this novel's content and style being stuck in the past is supported by its obvious appeal to an elderly, female audience. Dated references, dialogue reminiscent of Oliver Twist and the constant peppering of sentimental song lyrics would perhaps evoke nostalgia for an older demographic, but is old-fashioned and ineffective for a younger modern-day reader.
The inability to connect with Kesson's enclosed life of Janie in a small village is perhaps attributable to the deterioration of community in the 21st century. As an isolated setting, the ‘Lane' is not given the potential to be more than an endearing background, unable to inspire excitement in a 21st century audience. Though it is befitting of representing Janie's ignorance to the rest of the world, the isolated Lane fails to cultivate interest over the plot of The White Bird Passes.
Unfortunately, due to the irritating nature of the nostalgic style, the cleverness of Kesson's narrative perspective is easily overlooked. The third-person narrative voice that acts an extension of Janie's consciousness allows for the inclusion of both their naivety but also the worrying reality of their poverty-stricken environment. Scenes of innocent street game politics slide seamlessly into mothers gossiping about ‘The Cruelty Man' and recent suicides that seem to infiltrate Janie's narrative consciousness without her, or the readers', realisation. The over-exposure of Janie's existence causes them to become obsessively anxious over the possible death of their mother and, somehow, Kesson manages to evoke a real sympathy for Janie's paralysing paranoia.
Evidently a popular book upon publication, though now unable to complete with talented contemporary fiction writers, it is perhaps best that this text stays in the past.
The White Bird Passes by Jessie Kesson.
(Published by Black&White Publishing)
March 31 Bioline Rx Ltd
* BioLineRx prices $25 million underwritten public offering
* BioLine rx ltd - priced underwritten public offering of about 29.4 million ADSs at public offering price of $0.85 per ads Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
EVEN the fighting cocks were not spared as Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol said they ordered the culling of these fighting roosters and hens in six game farms in Pampanga where the first bird flu outbreak in the province was reported.
“All fowls will be culled,” Piñol told The Manila Times in a text interview on Monday.
The agriculture chief, however, did not give an exact figure on the number of chickens to be killed.
The Department of Agriculture (DA) declared the outbreak of avian influenza type A subtype H5 in the town of San Luis, Pampanga, the country's first, and at the same time ordered the culling of 400,000 chickens to prevent the virus from spreading.
Piñol said no animal-to-human transmissions have been reported.
The agriculture chief also noted that six poultry farms in the province were affected and about 37,000 chicken layers have died because of the virus.
Initial samples from a farm in Pampanga that reported very high mortalities in poultry tested positive for an H5 strain at the Bureau of Animal Industry's Animal Disease Diagnosis and Reference Laboratory.
The samples were found to be negative for other avian respiratory diseases that have similar symptoms such as infectious larynx bronchi disease, infectious bronchitis and the virulent Newcastle disease.
Officials admitted there could still be poultry mortalities in the area that had yet to be reported.
San Luis, about 60 kilometers (37 miles) north of Manila, is close to the Candaba swamps, a major way station and destination for migratory birds that move out of the Asian mainland during winter.
Piñol also admitted to authorities that it has not been determined where the virus came from.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's main stock indexes suffered their worst week in two years as bond yields soared and renewed fears of inflation gripped investors.
But amid the selloff, corporate earnings forecasts keep improving.
Forecasts for earnings, one of the fundamental factors that drives stock prices, are rising fast as analysts factor in benefits from the U.S. tax overhaul.
Optimism over forecasts has caught the attention of anxious investors, who hope that strong earnings can support lofty stock valuations and offset the concerns over rising bond yields and the pace of Federal Reserve rate hikes. Rising interest rates in general mean higher borrowing costs for companies.
This week, fears of higher rates overwhelmed the upbeat profit picture as the benchmark S&P 500 stock index .SPX fell 3.9 percent and raised some concern about a deeper pullback.
“This uptick in bond rates has everybody nervous obviously,” said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas, Texas.
“But we step back and look, and so far earnings have been awful good. Even though you have seen rates move up some here, they are still very low, inflation is still low,” they said.
With half of the S&P 500 index companies still to report fourth-quarter results and potentially give guidance on 2018, profit estimates are likely to increase further.
Even after the selloff this week, the S&P 500 is up 3.3 percent for this year and that is on top of a 19.4-percent gain for 2017. Whether this week's downturn in global equity markets continues will depend in part on upcoming earnings reports.
Reports from both Apple (AAPL.O) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) late Thursday disappointed investors, as did Friday's results from ExxonMobil (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N), but fourth-quarter S&P 500 company results overall have been much stronger than expected.
Among changes to the tax law, the corporate income tax rate drops to 21 percent from 35 percent, so earnings estimates for the first quarter and all of 2018 have jumped.
First-quarter profit growth for S&P 500 companies is now estimated at 17.7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, up from 11.7 percent on Dec. 20, when both houses of Congress approved the tax revamp. Earnings growth for 2018 is now forecast at 18.2 percent, up from 11.5 percent on Dec. 20.
Typically, expectations decline as the earnings reporting season for the quarter approaches. On average, profit growth expectations fall by four percentage points from the start of the quarter to the start of earnings season, said David Aurelio, senior research analyst at Thomson Reuters.
This January, revisions to S&P 500 2018 earnings estimates were 4.3 times more positive than negative, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The one-month ratio of upward to downward revisions was the highest since at least 1986, as far back as the bank's data goes.
All of the S&P 500 companies together are expected to show earnings of about $155 per share this year in aggregate, up about $9 since Dec. 20, Thomson Reuters' estimates show.
The tax reform benefit is estimated to add more than that, however, a full $13, which suggests there “there is more room to run,” BofA-ML strategists said in a note.
In addition to the tax law, U.S. companies' earnings are benefiting from improving global economic growth and the weaker U.S. dollar, which helps U.S. multinationals exports sales, said Jill Carey Hall, equity and quant strategist at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Those factors could help to underpin U.S. earnings even after the tax benefit is priced in.
“Stocks may have been overbought, but some of that was alleviated this week, and global growth and profit growth are still intact,” said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.
Among companies due to report next week are Walt Disney (DIS.N), General Motors (GM.N), several biotech companies including Gilead (GILD.O) and restaurants including Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG.N).
(Adds comment from Pemex)
By Adriana Barrera
MEXICO CITY, April 20 Mexican state-run oil company Pemex plans a second deepwater "farm-out" joint venture in the Maximino and Nobilis areas in the Gulf of Mexico where super light crude has been found near the U.S. border, two people familiar with the matter said.
Speaking this week, the people said Pemex would likely seek approval in June from the National Hydrocarbons Commission, or CNH, the industry regulator, to launch a tender for partners with the aim of announcing a winner in December.
"Maximino-Nobilis may be assigned in December and we hope the CNH will announce it in June," said one of the sources. The people spoke on condition of anonymity because the plans are not yet public.
A Pemex spokesperson said the firm was looking for a partner to develop Maximino and Nobilis, and that the proposal would be submitted for approval by the board in the next few days. The CNH would then need to decide on the time frame, they added.
The farm-outs are a central pillar of the government's efforts to lure investment to Mexico since Congress opened up the country's long-closed oil and gas industry to private investment in a legislative drive between 2013 and 2014.
Under the farm-outs, Pemex cannot choose which company would help it develop each project. The ultimate decision lies with the CNH following a round of competitive bids.
The process allows Pemex to share the risks and rewards of expensive deepwater oil development projects.
Australian mining and energy company BHP Billiton in December won the right to partner with Pemex in the first deepwater farm-out for the Trion light oil field, less than 50 miles (80 km) from the U.S.-Mexico maritime border.
A separate, shallow water farm-out auction for the Ayin-Batsil field is due to take place in October.
Pemex has sunk two wells in Maximino at a depth of 3,000 meters (9,840 feet), discovering super light crude.
In September 2016, Pemex said it had found super light crude in its Nobilis-1 well, also at some 3,000 metres.
Both areas lie in the Perdido fold belt, like Trion. (Reporting by Adriana Barrera, Additional reporting by Alexandra Editing by Dave Graham and and Peter Cooney)
April 3 Verimark Holdings Ltd:
* Trading Statement
* Expects improved profits for financial year ended Feb. 28, 2017
* FY HEPS is expected to be in range of 22.1 and 27.0 cents per share being an increase of between 176 pct and 238 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG — Pennsylvania Turnpike drivers will soon have to dig a little deeper to pay tolls after an across-the board rate increase was improved by the turnpike commission.
The agency approved the 6 percent toll hike Tuesday for both E-ZPass and cash-paying customers.
The higher tolls take effect at the start of 2019.
An average fare under E-ZPass will from $1.30 to $1.38.
The typical cash fare will increase from $2.10 to $2.25.
— ASSOCIATED PRESS
UAE central bank raises repo rate by 25 bps
DUBAI, June 14 The central bank of the United Arab Emirates said on Wednesday it was raising its key interest rate by 25 basis points, following the U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to hike rates by the same margin.
May 3 Hanover Insurance Group Inc
* Net premiums written were $362.1 million in quarter, up 7.4% from prior-year quarter
* first quarter net income of $1.05 per diluted share; operating income(1) of $0.95 per diluted share; first quarter combined ratio of 99.5%, including catastrophe impact of 7.1 points
* Q1 operating earnings per share $0.95
* Q1 earnings per share $1.05
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.73 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
JOHANNESBURG Members of South Africa's ruling African National Congress will oppose a motion of no confidence against President Jacob Zuma in parliament set for April 18, the party said on Thursday.
"We will abide by the decision of the ANC National Working Committee as announced by ANC Secretary General comrade Gwede Mantashe that the ANC does not and will not support this motion," said a statement from ANC's parliamentary chief whip.
(Reporting by TJ Strydom; Editing by James Macharia)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Commuters are reflected on an advertisement of Reliance Industries' Jio telecoms unit, at a bus stop in Mumbai, India, February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade
MUMBAI India's Reliance Jio, the telecom unit of Reliance Industries, said on Friday it had signed up 72 million paying customers under its Prime plan, and added it had extended the enrolment deadline for the plan until April 15.
Jio's Prime plan is a critical component of the company's push to start charging its customers after starting operations in September with free data and calls.
Under the plan, Jio would charge those who enrol 303 rupees ($4.67) per month for unlimited data and free voice services for a year starting on Saturday, although usage of 4G data would be capped at 1 gigabytes per day.
Jio had set an enrolment deadline of Friday, which has now been extended until mid-April.
The company also sweetened its offering by saying those paid the monthly fee of 303 rupees by April 15 would receive free services for three months.
Jio has upended India's telecom sector since its entry, forcing rivals Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Group Plc's Indian unit into lowering their prices, thus eroding profits across the sector.
Both providers have also tried to match Jio's Prime plan with extra data offers.
Jio has also transformed the sector by forcing consolidation, with Vodafone and smaller rival Ideal Cellular this month announcing a merger, while Bharti is absorbing Telenor's Indian unit.
(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Writing by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Rafael Nam)
As the need for enhanced automotive transmission system increases, demand for automotive powertrain is projected to increase significantly. In addition, imposition of various government regulation regarding reduction of the emission level will continue to impact the global market growth of automotive transmission positively. Fact.MR states that the global market of automotive powertrain is projected to reflect a CAGR of 5.2% over the forecast period, 2017-2026.
Factors Fuelling Global Market Growth
Growth of the global automotive powertrain market is mainly bound to various macro-economic and micro-economic factors. With the increasing demand for optimize fuel ignition and ignition, sales of the automotive powertrain will continue to increase significantly. In order to improve the efficiency of the automotive engine, manufacturers are mainly focusing on integrating engine management sensors. Growing demand for increasing acceleration, high towing capacity, gaining traction and generate power in the engine is projected to rev up sales of the automotive powertrain significantly.
In addition, government in various countries are focusing on developing smart city globally. Imposition of regulations regarding clean and healthy environment has led the automotive manufacturers to focus on developing electronic vehicles for public transportation purposes. Surge in production of the electronic vehicles is projected to fuel demand for automotive powertrains globally. In addition, manufacturers in the automotive industry are significantly focusing on developing automotive powertrains equipped with sensor clusters and smart actuators that enhance the functioning of the transmission. Companies operating in the automotive industry are also focusing on developing vehicles that are equipped with leading technological features such as combustion control system. These factors are projected to contribute towards growth of the global automotive transmission market significantly during the forecast period.
Demand for the mid-sized vehicles continue to remain high attributed to comparatively cheaper prices. Manufacturers are significantly focusing on incorporating advanced technological features such as engine downsizing to offer improved fuel delivery system and control system, which improves the efficiency and power of the vehicles. Surge in demand for mid-sized vehicles is projected to rev up sales of the automotive powertrains. In addition, increase in harshness, noise and vibration due to cylinder deactivation, stop-start system, turbocharging technology along with plug-in hybrid and hybrid technology has led the manufacturers to integrate leading technological developments in the engine. The automotive manufacturers are integrating various features such as noise cancellation technologies and engine mount to eliminate noise produced due to engine. These factors are projected to contribute towards the global market growth of automotive powertrain significantly throughout the forecast period.
Browse Full Report with TOC- https://www.factmr.com/report/346/automotive-powertrain-market
Sales for Mid-Sized Vehicles to Remain High
As the need to power all wheels of the vehicles increases, demand for all-wheel drive vehicles is projected to remain high in the global market. In terms of revenue, the all-wheel drive position type segment is projected to witness the highest growth, representing more than US$ 80 Mn by 2026-end. During the forecast period, the all-wheel drive position type segment is projected to reflect a healthy CAGR during the forecast period.
On the basis of vehicle type, the mid-sized vehicle type segment is projected to reflect a robust CAGR through 2026. However, the light commercial vehicle type segment is projected to witness robust revenue growth, accounting for more than US$ 30 Mn by 2017-end.
Based on powertrain type, the battery electric vehicle segment is projected to reflect the fastest growth in the global automotive powertrain segment throughout the forecast period. On the contrary, the gasoline powertrain type segment is projected to generate significant revenues, recording for more than US$ 100 Mn by 2026-end.
Market Players
Major players in the global market of automotive transmission include Ford Motors, General Motors, Hyundai, Volkswagen Group, BorgWarner Inc., Toyota, GKN plc., JTEKT Corp., Delphi Automobile LLP and Magna Powertrain Ltd.
About Fact.MR
Fact.MR is a fast-growing market research firm that offers the most comprehensive suite of syndicated and customized market research reports. We believe transformative intelligence can educate and inspire businesses to make smarter decisions. We know the limitations of the one-size-fits-all approach; that's why we publish multi-industry global, regional, and country-specific research reports.
Contact Us
Fact.MR
Suite 9884
27 Upper Pembroke Street,
Dublin 2, Ireland
Telephone: +353-1-6111-593
Email: sales@factmr.com/
Web: https://www.factmr.com/
By Steven Overly
Automakers are on the cusp of a second record-breaking year for sales as dealers made an end-of-year push to empty their lots over the weekend. But even as the industry hopes to let the confetti fall on 2016, it must brace for a slowdown that analysts project will come to a head in the new year.
Many analysts anticipate a photo finish when carmakers report their annual hauls on Jan. 4, with some forecasting that 2016 will edge out the previous year's sales of 17.5 million autos by as few as 5,000 vehicles.
If those projections prove true, 2016 would mark the seventh consecutive year of rising automotive sales.
"This [streak] has been pretty much unprecedented, at least in the modern era of new vehicle sales growth," said Karl Brauer, an analyst at Kelley Blue Book.
But even if the sector breaks sales records again, most analysts say that its run is all but done.
After so many years of sales growth, the ebb and flow of the market cycle suggests the industry is due for some contraction.
What's more, automakers may have finally exhausted the pent-up demand for new cars that went unfulfilled during the depths of the recession, when many consumers were out of work or deferring big-ticket splurges, analysts say.
Projections for this year and those immediately beyond show a decline in sales, although many expect sales will still remain strong for the foreseeable future. In short, the industry can expect to tumble, not plummet.
Continued below.
Related Content Mum hopes son's plans for New Zealand eco-village will live on without them Kirsty Keating: Top tax tips for the year ahead Mark Lister: Take the Kane Williamson approach to investing
Signs of the difficulty ahead are already apparent.
Cars spend more time on the lot before they're sold compared with a year ago, a sign of flagging customer enthusiasm, said Jeremy Acevedo, a senior analyst at Edmunds.com.
Cars sold in October and November took an average 71 days to move, data show, up from an average 63 days during the fourth quarter of 2015.
The easing demand has led some automakers to discount prices, extend financing and offer other incentives to unload their inventory more quickly. Autodata figures provided by Kelley Blue Book show that financial promotions, including rebates and discounts, averaged $3,303 across the industry through November 2016.
That's up 13.6 per cent compared with the year before.
When the pie stops growing larger... you have to steal it from someone else's share of the market. Karl Brauer, Kelley Blue Book analyst
"Those numbers definitely indicate automakers are trying to stimulate demand that might be waning a little bit," Acevedo said.
Those incentives could grow more generous as automakers tailor their sales strategy to a declining market.
Customers might find dealers more willing to slash prices in negotiations or offer lenient financing options, such as extended payback terms that lower the monthly bill. Some automakers may even lower their credit standards for lending to risky customers, analysts say, even as an increasing number of borrowers default on their auto loans.
Customers can also expect automakers to unveil sleek exterior designs and high-tech features to entice customers who may want to upgrade their older models.
The Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas and the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, which will take place over the next two weeks, will see them trot out their latest offerings.
If we stay here for the next couple of years, everyone will be doing really well.
"We're going to see how hard each of them individually fights to increase their own numbers at the cost of someone else's numbers. When the pie stops growing larger . . . you have to steal it from someone else's share of the market," Brauer said.
While record-setting years inevitably set the industry up for future disappointment, Brauer said it would be shortsighted of carmakers to grouse too loudly considering how beleaguered the US auto industry was just a few years ago.
The US federal government shelled out US$80 billion (NZ$115b) to save Chrysler and GM in 2009, a politically controversial move that tied Obama's economic legacy, at least in part, to the auto sector and prompted some to question whether taxpayer money should be used to prop up private entities. The Obama administration has said since then that allowing the companies to fail would deal a massive blow to the already wounded economy.
Still, the years after the Great Recession dug a deep hole for the companies to clear. Sales of new cars and light trucks sunk to US10.4 million (NZ$15m) in 2009, and have steadily climbed to their current peak. In 2015, new-vehicle sales surpassed the previous record of 17.3 million cars, which was set in 2000.
"They all want to look at their charts and see nothing but up and to the right, but . . . if we stay here for the next couple of years, everyone will be doing really well," Brauer said.
- Washington Post
March 29 Telia Company Ab
* Telia company issues hybrid bonds of in total around sek 15 billion
* The proceeds will mainly be used to refinance senior debt
* A tender offer for buying back up to EUR 500 million has also been announced
* Says this transaction provides balance sheet flexibility to execute on our strategy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
April 13 Gold hit a five-month peak on Thursday as the U.S. dollar slid after President Donald Trump said they preferred lower interest rates with the greenback "too strong", and amid rising tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,286.80 per ounce by 0100 GMT, after hitting its strongest since Nov.10 at 1,287.31. * U.S. gold futures edged up 0.8 percent to $1,287.90. * The U.S. dollar took a heavy hit after President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal the dollar "is getting too strong" and that they would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. * Meanwhile, tensions continued over the United States' relationship with Russia over Syria and in the Korean peninsula, while worries about the upcoming French presidential election also kept investors nervous. * Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under President Donald Trump as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. * In another possible setback to a thaw with Moscow, Trump said on Wednesday that NATO is not obsolete, as they had declared during the election campaign last year. But they told a news conference at the White House with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg that alliance members still need to pay their fair share for the European security umbrella. * Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump. * U.S. import prices recorded their biggest drop in seven months in March as the cost of petroleum declined, but the underlying trend pointed to a moderate rise in imported inflation as the dollar's rally fades. * Barrick Gold , must take steps to safeguard investor confidence by ensuring there are no more operating mishaps at its mines after a third incident in 18 months at its big Argentina mine, analysts said. * Goldman Sachs on Wednesday maintained its near-term target for gold at $1,200 per ounce and 12-month target at $1,250 per ounce. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 1230 U.S. Initial Jobless Claims weekly 1230 U.S. PPI Final Demand Mar 1400 U.S. U Mich Sentiment Prelim Apr 1430 U.S. ECRI Weekly index (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in BENGALURU; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Students and faculty of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students and faculty of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
The exterior facade of the Central European University, a school founded by billionaire philanthropist Gorge Soros, is seen in Budapest, Hungary, March 7, 2017. Picture taken March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
Students and faculty of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students and faculty of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Michael Ignatieff, rector of the Central European University, attends a news conference after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students and faculty of the Hungary-based Central European University listen to the school's rector, Michael Ignatieff, address a town hall meeting after the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban tabled a new bill that could force the 25-year-old school out of Hungary, in Budapest, Hungary March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
BUDAPEST Hungary's crackdown on foreign-funded NGO's is spilling over into a tightening of rules on foreign universities, which could shutter Budapest's Central European University (CEU), a stalwart of liberal international education in the country.
The law "strikes at the heart" of CEU, founded by American financier and philanthropist George Soros, the institution said in a statement. CEU Rector Michael Ignatieff told an emergency town hall forum that the law must be withdrawn.
"It is not an issue in which compromise is possible," Ignatieff told students and faculty. "We want guarantees of our academic freedoms."
Right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban has criticised civil society organisations funded by Soros, which espouse an Open Society model at odds with Orban's own preferred "illiberal democracy". One flashpoint has been migration.
Orban, who has toughened their anti-migration rhetoric ahead of 2018 elections, says NGOs that receive funding from abroad meddle in Hungarian affairs.
Under the bill submitted to parliament on Tuesday, foreign universities must have a campus in Budapest and in their home country. CEU, which only operates in the capital, is the only international college with no arm elsewhere.
"The amendments would require CEU to open an additional campus in the state of New York. Forcing CEU to do so would have no educational benefit and would incur needless financial and human resource costs," the university said.
Universities must comply with the law by Feb. 15, 2018 or cease accepting new students from Sept. 2018.
U.S. EMBASSY "VERY CONCERNED"
Education Secretary Laszlo Palkovics told a news conference that dozens of foreign universities operate in Hungary and they all must comply with the law, insisting CEU was not singled out. But the new requirements make CEU's position uniquely hard.
Universities from outside the European Union must secure a agreement from their governments and the Hungarian government, plus show that they have a physical campus in their home country.
Palkovics said Hungary wanted to make sure CEU fulfils all the requirements and keeps its license, but added the international conditions were out of their hands.
"The goal is for the USA to stand behind such cooperation (allowing CEU to operate in Hungary). If the current administration supports it then so will we."
There are doubts whether the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has exchanged tough words with Soros several times in the past few years, will support such an agreement.
On Wednesday, the U.S. Embassy said it was "very concerned" about the legislation.
"The University...enjoys strong bipartisan support in the U.S. Government. The United States opposes any effort to compromise the operations or independence of the University," Charge d' Affaires David Kostelancik said in a statement.
While insisting the law was not geared against CEU, Palkovics acknowledged CEU was the only international university in Hungary without a campus in its home country.
CEU, founded in Budapest in 1991 following the collapse of communism, has 1,400 students.
Open Society Foundations have been active in Hungary for three decades and Soros has financed foreign scholarships for Fidesz politicians, including Orban at the time when communism collapsed.
"To me it's clear this is not about foreign universities in general," Laszlo Bari, a history PhD student at CEU, said. "This is about CEU in particular and especially about Soros. Something is wrong and now they need a diversion, a scapegoat."
(Reporting by Krisztina Than; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
6-7pm
Jax Jones – Breathe
Bruno Mars – Finesse
G-Eazy – Him & I
Rudimental – These days
Sunset X Mark McCabe – I'm Feeling It (In The Air)
Sigrid – Strangers
Kendrick Lamar – All The Stars
Kylie Minogue Dancing
Kelis – Milkshake
Selena Gomez – Wolves
Chasing Abbey – Talk To Me
Justin Timberlake – Filthy
Big Boi – All Night
7-8pm
Marshmello – Silence
Jason Derulo – Tip Toe
Taylor Swift – End Game
Stormzy – Blinded By Your Grace, Pt.2
Post Malone – Rockstar
Sia – Helium
RAYE – Decline
Little Mix – Is Your Love Enough
Rihanna – Don't Stop The Music
John Gibbons – My Reflection
Paloma Faith – Til I'm Done
Robin Schulz – Unforgettable
CliQ – Wavey
Share it:
Don't Miss
Tags: #beatanthems
Rodney McAree has warned Dungannon Swifts cannot lose focus as the race for seventh enters its final fortnight.
The Swifts beat Glentoran 2-1 in the Danske Bank Premiership to reignite their hopes of securing a play-off for European qualification.
But they need two more wins from their final three games to make sure.
They face Ballinamallard United on Tuesday night, before hosting Carrick and Portadown on the last two weekends.
McAree said: “We are still only three points ahead of Ards and we have to be mindful of that.
“Ards can upset the applecart somewhat by finishing seventh.
“We have to make sure that we are focused.
“There are still nine points to play for, there are three games to go, and we have to capitalise and build on what we have achieved today.”
Dungannon came from behind to beat the Glens in style.
A Fra Brennan own goal saw the visitors lead at the break.
But the Swifts levelled it up with 15 minutes remaining through a Chris Hegarty header.
Jamie Glackin then hit an 89th-minute wonder-strike to cap a stirring fightback.
Glackin has had an impressive season with the Tyrone club and the quality of their goal came as no surprise to McAree.
“He does it week in, week out in training,” they revealed.
“The finish was nothing short of spectacular and I'm delighted for him.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI): As the Union Budget 2018-19 saw greater allocation towards agriculture and rural sector upliftment, citizens lauded the government for their initiatives to strengthen the backbone of the Indian economy by making agriculture and rural sector top priority in the budget, as per a survey conducted by LocalCircles.
38 percent citizens had earlier said they wanted agriculture to get top priority in the Budget 2018.
Among various announcements, the Minimum Selling Price (MSP) of all crops has been increased to 1.5 times of the production cost. A corpus of Rs. 2000 crores has been created for the development of Agricultural markets and Rs. 500 crores have been allocated for better connecting farmers and consumers.
In November 2017, in a poll participated by 7,279 citizens, 78 percent had demanded that the government subsidize seeding equipment in budget 2018. Accepting the demand, the government accepted subsidy of seeding equipment for farmers to help them in the farming process, as well as reduce pollution which happens due to burning of the crop stubble.
The government also plans to send a total of 14.4 lakh crores on the rural sector in the next financial year.
Among other initiatives announced for this sector, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced the following:
·Institutional credit for agriculture proposed to be raised to Rs. 11 lakh crore for 2018-19
·The government has announced a Rs. 10,000 crore allocation for fisheries, aquaculture and animal husbandry funds
·The government has proposed setting up of an agricultural market fund of Rs. 2,000 crore
·Government proposes to launch Operation Green for which a sum of Rs. 500 crore will be allocated
·Minimum Support Price (MSP) for kharif crops will now be 1.5 times the production cost. If market prices are lower than MSP, it is the government's duty to make sure farmers get their due.(ANI)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
May 3 Centric Health Corp
* Centric Health announces signing of new 5-year credit facilities for completion of debt refinancing plan
* Centric Health Corp-Signed definitive agreements with syndicate of lenders providing for new credit facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $113.5 million
* Centric Health-New credit facilities made up of up to $100 million in senior secured facilities, $13.5 million in secured subordinated term credit facilities
* Centric Health Corp - Subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, company may increase senior secured facilities by an additional $25 million
* Centric Health Corp - Credit facilities will be used to refinance company's existing debt instruments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
Contact
Donna Macalle-Holly
donna@lakehopatcongfoundation.org
***@lakehopatcongfoundation.org Donna Macalle-Hollydonna@lakehopatcongfoundation.org
End
-- The Lake Hopatcong Foundation needs your votes to win up to $100,000 in grant funding to purchase a 40-foot, custom-built covered pontoon boat for a floating classroom. Vote daily from April 12 through May 12 at www.lakehopatcongfoundation.org/vote for the foundation to win a grant fromUSA TODAY NETWORK'S nation-wide philanthropic program. The program enables community members to act on ideas that improve the people, organizations, government, and businesses around them by equipping them with the resources they need to thrive.The Lake Hopatcong Foundation is seeking the grant to purchase a floating classroom vessel that will hold full classes of students and other groups. The best way to ensure healthy lakes in the future is to educate people today. The floating classroom would allow the foundation to bring students and people of all ages onto the lake to provide a hands-on experience to learn about fresh water ecology and how to help protect our lakes. After spending time on the floating classroom participants will gain new knowledge, skills and values that cultivate environmentally responsible behavior.To be eligible for a grant of either $50,000 or $100,000, the Lake Hopatcong Floating Classroom must be in the top 10 voted submissions in the education category to be considered a finalist. A panel of judges will then determine the top three applicants in each category who will be awarded grants. VOTE ONCE EVERY DAY for the Lake Hopatcong Floating Classroom. Get your friends, families neighbors, anyone you know to vote every day through May 12, 2017."Back in 2015 online voters rallied behind the foundation to successfully win a $10,000 grant" said Donna Macalle-Holly, Lake Hopatcong Foundation Acting Executive Director. "Although it was a frenzied voting period, it was a lot of fun for the community because the foundation was running neck and neck with the Lake George Association. This time, however, will be different since online voters will not see how many votes are being cast, but voting is still very important for the foundation to be a grant finalist in the top 10. Please vote!"
May 2 Northern Vertex Mining Corp
* Northern Vertex secures us$9m equipment finance facility from Cat Financial
* Northern Vertex- Cat Financial agreed to fund co's purchase of certain key equipment, power generators, mobile equipment manufactured by Caterpillar Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Affordable apartments to rent together with investment in public transport are essential if Cork is to become a thriving regional centre to counteract the development of Dublin, business leaders in city heard on Friday.
Cork Chamber president Bill O'Connell told the chamber's annual dinner that Cork offered a unique location for business but it was critical that the Government supported the city and metropolitan area is its forthcoming capital investment programme.
“Cork will be the fastest growing region in the country for the next two decades. We are ready for this challenge but Government must be ready to allocate investment accordingly and acknowledge the potential of Ireland's second city to substantially strengthen Ireland's metropolitan profile.”
“Cork Chamber calls for commitment by Government to invest in Cork's public transport needs in particular a rapid transit system to enable our city region to grow and a high-speed rail connecting Cork and Dublin.
“We are also calling for recognition of Cork's docklands as a national strategic asset, a space where people will enact Government's vision of living and working in a vibrant high-density city,” Mr O'Connell told more than 1,000 guests at Cork City Hall.
Mr O'Connell also highlighted the need for the State to become better at forward planning and they identified the long-term delivery of affordable rental accommodation as critical to ensuring Cork continues to attract industry.
“Affordable apartments are essential to economic growth. Their delivery is critical if we are to have a housing stock that meets the needs of an increasingly mobile and dynamic workforce. We have a vision for Cork to be a smart, sustainable and high-density city. Cork should grow up and not out.”
‘Fantastic recognition'
Meanwhile, Cork Chamber also announced its Company of the Year Awards with the overall award going to US multinational, Boston Scientific Cork which next month celebrates 21 years in the city.
Boston Scientific vice-president operations Seán Gayer said: “This is a fantastic recognition for the entire Boston Scientific team at Model Farm Road. It is an honour to be considered in the same light as previous finalists, who have inspired business excellence in our community.”
Mr Gayer said the Cork company has an annual output of 6 million units per year and supports a workforce of 890 employees.
Emerging company of the year was awarded to EviView, providers of smart analytics software for lean-focused pharmaceutical manufacturers, while Spearline was named SME company of the year.
Large company of the year was won by Teamwork. com.
Mr O'Connell noted the remarkably high standard of entrants in the competition, which is run in association with Vodafone Ireland, and how becoming a finalist in these awards is an achievement in itself.
“The legacy, longevity and prestige of these awards are renowned and coveted within the business community. It has been a fantastic journey for all of us on the judging panel over the last few months, getting to meet diverse businesses who are doing great things in Cork.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 A federal appeals court on Wednesday revived a lawsuit accusing US Airways, now part of American Airlines Group Inc, of refusing to refund a passenger's checked baggage fee even though it delivered their bag a day late.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco said Hayley Hickcox-Huffman could pursue their proposed class action on behalf of other travelers, because federal law did not pre-empt their state law-based breach-of-contract claim.
American, which merged with US Airways in 2013, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The plaintiff's lawyers did not immediately respond to similar requests.
Carriers say baggage fees, typically $25 for the first bag, help keep base fares low and let passengers decide which add-ons to buy. Critics say the fees disguise the true cost of flying.
American collected $1.12 billion in baggage fees last year, more than one-quarter of the $4.18 billion collected by all U.S. carriers, the Department of Transportation said on Tuesday.
Hickcox-Huffman sued US Airways to recover a $15 fee, after their bag did not show up following a May 2009 flight to San Luis Obispo, California, from Colorado Springs, Colorado.
A lower court judge dismissed their claim in April 2011, saying it was pre-empted by the federal Airline Deregulation Act.
But the appeals court, which delayed its decision because of rulings in other cases, said US Airways had committed to offer "on-time baggage delivery," not merely use its best efforts.
Circuit Judge Andrew Kleinfeld rejected the carrier's arguments that it owed nothing because it never promised a refund, and that a victory for Hickcox-Huffman would require all carriers to deliver checked bags on time, or else for free.
"No state law made US Airways promise timely delivery of the first bag for $15," Kleinfeld wrote.
"Enforcing its voluntarily undertaken obligation comports with the purpose of the Airline Deregulation Act, which simply holds parties to their agreements," they added.
The case was sent back to the lower court for further proceedings.
The case is Hickcox-Huffman v US Airways Inc et al, 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 11-16305. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
MOSCOW, April 5 Six people have been detained in St Petersburg on suspicion of recruiting for Islamic State and aiding terrorist activity, Russian investigators said on Wednesday.
There is no evidence the detainees, who are citizens of Central Asian states, are in any way linked to Monday's bomb attack in a St Petersburg metro train, Russia's state investigative committee said in a statement.
The detainees are suspected of being active since November 2015 in recruiting other Central Asian immigrants for "terrorist activity" and for Islamic State as well as another banned Islamist movement Nusra Front.
Extremist Islamist literature has been found during a search of the detainees' living quarters, the statement added.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; writing by Sujata Rao)
* IMF bailout delayed by clause aimed at boosting forex reserves
* Ruling Mongolian People's Party to support ditching clause
* Final deal likely to take two-three weeks - analyst (Adds detail, background)
ULAANBAATAR, May 2 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has postponed a $5.5 billion bailout for Mongolia because of a measure included in the country's 2017 budget that forces foreign firms to bank with domestic institutions, the IMF's country representative said.
Mongolia's economy has slid into a crisis caused by heavy foreign debt, a collapse in its currency and a slowdown in growth in its biggest trading partner, China. The IMF board had been expected to approve a rescue package at a meeting on April 28.
"The Board discussion was postponed," said Neil Saker, the IMF's Mongolia country representative, in emailed comments, adding that they needed to examine the details of a new measure covering foreign exchange transactions by investors.
The IMF announced in February a $440 million Extended Fund Facility that Mongolia can draw on for three years, in addition to $3 billion from Japan and South Korea and a three-year extension to a 15 billion yuan ($2.18 billion) swap agreement with the People's Bank of China.
In the 2017 budget approved in the early hours of the morning on April 14, legislators introduced tax changes that would allow it to meet conditions set by the IMF.
But it also included a clause seeking to "improve" investment agreements with foreign partners, forcing firms such as miner Oyu Tolgoi LLC, jointly owned by Mongolia and Rio Tinto , to do all their banking with Mongolian institutions in a bid to bolster foreign currency reserves.
"We need a bit more time to understand the nature and the specifics of the measure, and whether the macroeconomic framework of the program remains valid," said Saker.
Mongolia's Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not immediately respond for comment.
According to a report in local news portal News.mn on Tuesday, the ruling Mongolian People's Party (MPP) will support the removal of the controversial clause. A spokesperson for the party declined to comment, but any move would require the consent of parliament.
"The parliament must now approve the agreement without that clause and have the programme discussed again by the IMF executive board," said Dale Choi, analyst with the Altan Bumba Financial Group based in Ulaanbaatar. "It could take another two to three weeks."
The MPP has been anxious to show it is ready to reach deals with foreign firms following a catastrophic collapse of inward investment, caused in part by disputes with overseas partners like Rio Tinto.
The previous government became embroiled in a dispute with Rio Tinto over rising development costs and allegations of unpaid tax at Oyu Tolgoi, delaying the expansion of one of the world's biggest copper mines for two years.
Mongolian bonds have not so far been affected by the delay, traders said. Bonds due 2024 were trading steadily at 111/111.75 cents on the dollar. This $600 million bond was issued at 101.243 in March in an exchange offer.
($1 = 6.8937 yuan) (Reporting by Terrence Edwards; Additional reporting by Umesh Desai in HONG KONG; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Sam Holmes)
The Philippines should adopt policy-driven health priorities to better utilize the research being done in the country, the Department of Health (DOH) stressed in a recent forum.
Although the country's strong showing in a recent study by the Brookings Institution indicated the Philippines has a good environment for medical research and development, there is still a gap in translating research into policy, current and former DOH officials said at the Philippine Council for Health Research and Development (PCHRD) 35th Anniversary Research to Policy Forum held last month.
Dr. Gloria Nenita Velasco, Medical Officer IV of the Department of Health – Health Policy Development and Planning Bureau, cited limited research production due to poor data collection and limited funds; low research credibility due to poor evidence; and limited appreciation of research to policy impacts as challenges affecting research uptake as challenges the government and healthcare sectors are still facing in translating research outcomes to effective policy.
Velasco suggested that health priorities should be policy-driven to ensure that health research would be utilized through policy implementation. Research co-production and increased support for evidence-based research were also cited as strategies to effectively turn research into concrete policies.
Apart from data and findings, Dr. Fely Marilyn E. Lorenzo, former Professor of the Department of Health Policy and Administration of the University of the Philippines Manila said that policy documents must be able to capture the views and wishes of the beneficiaries, as well as opinions of the researchers and testimonials. Effective policy research must be problem-driven, multi-dimensional, flexible, and strongly evidence-based, they stressed.
On the issue of policy adoption as a major challenge in implementing research-based policies, “It's always prudent to consult with stakeholders/end-users,” said Dr. Lorenzo.
(Adds governor comments)
BUCHAREST, April 5 Romania's central bank left its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a record-low 1.75 percent on Wednesday, as expected, balancing low inflation against underlying pressure from rising wages.
Governor Mugur Isarescu said inflation would remain significantly below the central bank's 1.5-3.5 percent target in the coming months and likely push through the lower margin towards the end of the year.
Inflation edged up 0.2 percent on the year in February. Consumer prices were in negative territory throughout 2016, driven by tax cuts and low fuel and energy prices.
The central bank forecasts inflation will reach 1.7 percent by the end of the year. But it expects wage rises and strong consumption to push inflation to 3.4 percent by the end of 2018.
The net average monthly wage rose by 18.4 percent to 2,300 lei ($542.08) in January, driven by labour shortages and sharp hikes in the public sector. The government plans more hikes over four years under a single wage bill for public administration.
Romania is the European Union's second poorest country.
"There are labour shortages in several sectors," Isarescu said. "Wage rises are inevitable and ... what must be done is to keep them under control in a reasonable manner. Wage rises are not ... a problem, but their scope and dosage are."
The central bank has kept its benchmark rate steady at 1.75 percent since May 2015.
It has signalled that it may first shift monetary policy not via its key rate but by narrowing the gap between its lending and deposit rates, which would in turn affect interbank rates.
On Wednesday, Isarescu said the bank's goal was to narrow the corridor to 1 percentage point from the current 1.5 percent to boost the effectiveness of its benchmark rate, but that the timing of such a move depended on short-term capital inflows.
"Narrowing the corridor to plus/minus 1 percent is a stated goal and ... it depends on capital flows. Short-term capital inflows are not sustainable, it is one of the big problems exposed by the financial crisis and ... especially so for emerging markets."
The leu was up 0.3 percent on the day against the euro at 1445 GMT.
Isarescu also said the bank would continue to look for windows of opportunity to further cut minimum reserve requirements for commercial banks' hard-currency liabilities. (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; editing by Mark Heinrich)
(Repeats to attach to additional alerts)
TOKYO, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Japan's economy expanded at an annualised rate of 4.0 percent in April-June, posting a sixth straight quarter of expansion led by private consumption and capital expenditure, government data showed on Monday.
That marked the fastest pace of growth since January-March 2015.
The preliminary reading for second-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) compared with a median estimate for a 2.5 percent annualised increase in a Reuters poll of economists.
It followed a revised 1.5 percent annualised rate of expansion in the prior quarter, Cabinet Office data showed.
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, GDP rose 1.0 percent, against a 0.6 percent rise expected by economists.
For more background, see this PREVIEW
To view the full tables, go to the Cabinet Office's website:
here (Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
OTTAWA May 3 Canada, which like other NATO countries is under pressure from Washington to increase defense spending, on Wednesday promised major new investments in the military but stopped short of saying how much.
In unusually frank comments, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said poor decisions and under funding by successive governments had left the armed forces short of equipment and increasingly unable to do their job.
"It's going to take a significant investment ... it's going to be significant because of the hole we need to come out of," they told a defense industry lunch.
Canada currently devotes just under one percent of GDP on defense, less than it did in 2005. The Trump administration is focusing on the many NATO member states who have yet to meet a commitment to spend two percent of GDP.
"We are now in the troubling position where status quo spending on defense will not even maintain a status quo of capabilities," said Sajjan.
More details of planned spending will be revealed in a major defense policy review that is due to be released ahead of a NATO leaders' meeting this month.
"The number that we'll be announcing is a number that meets the needs of Canada and our support for our allies," they said.
Sajjan said they were particularly concerned by Ottawa's failure to acquire replacements for Canada's ageing fleet of CF-18 fighter jets, some of which have been flying for almost 40 years. They also highlighted problems with outdated trucks, excavation equipment and helicopters.
The former Conservative administration said in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 jets for C$9 billion ($6.6 billion). They later scrapped the decision, triggering years of delays and reviews.
Sajjan said that if Canada were to fulfill its defense commitments both in North America and as a NATO member, it would in any case need more than 65 jets.
"The C$9 billion in funding that was earmarked for the jet replacements by the previous government is nowhere near enough to even cover the 65 jets they proposed," they said.
Last November, Canada unveiled plans to buy 18 Boeing Corp Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace the CF-18s.
Canada has experienced a string of military procurement problems since the early 1990s, variously featuring naval ships, search and rescue helicopters, fighter planes, trucks, close combat vehicles and submarines.
($1=$1.37 Canadian) (Reporting by David Ljunggren)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
LONDON, April 12 The Andurand Commodities Fund, run by asset manager Pierre Andurand, lost 11.6 percent in the first quarter of the year, according to a document prepared by a bank seen by Reuters.
The $1.53 billion hedge fund continued its descent after losing 8.5 percent in the first two months of 2017, showed the document, which uses information supplied by the manager.
Andurand's fund, which focuses on energy as well as metals, other commodities and currencies, delivered gains of 22 percent in 2016, showed the document.
A spokesperson at the firm declined to comment. (Reporting by Maiya Keidan, editing by Louise Heavens)
TEL AVIV, April 13 Israeli online advertising firm Matomy Media Group said on Thursday its co-founder, Ofer Druker, is stepping down as chief executive officer and will be replaced by Chief Financial Officer, Sagi Niri, effective immediately.
"Ofer Druker has decided to step down from their role as CEO to pursue new challenges," Matomy said in a statement.
Niri, who is also Matomy's chief operating officer, has worked closely with Druker as a key member of Matomy's management team since joining the firm in 2008.
Druker built Matomy from its inception to a company with revenue of $277 million in 2016. They led Matomy's 2014 initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange and dual-listing on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
Druker will also step down as a director, effective May 30. They have agreed to provide strategic and business development advice for at least one year.
Prior to joining Matomy, Niri was chief controller at McCann Erickson Israel Group. (Reporting by Tova Cohen)
* Fresh uncertainty towards French elections adds to risk aversion
* Yen stands at five-month highs vs dollar, euro, sterling
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, April 12 The dollar languished at a five-month low versus the yen early on Wednesday, as simmering geopolitical tensions checked risk appetite and put the safe-haven Japanese currency in favour.
The dollar was at 109.745 yen after touching 109.535 earlier in the session, its lowest since Nov. 17.
The U.S. currency had slid more than 1 percent the previous day from highs of 110.920, dragged down by a sharp drop in U.S. Treasury yields.
"There were a lot of bids and option barriers lined up around 110 yen, so a breach of this level shows how widespread the latest dollar selling was," said Junichi Ishikawa, senior forex strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"The yen's gains against the euro also bears watching, with uncertainty towards the French presidential elections clearly the driving factor."
The euro, which sank more than 1 percent overnight, extended losses and touched a five-month low of 116.160 yen .
Investors' flight-to-safety underpinned traditional safe-havens like the yen and Treasuries amid fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea.
On Tuesday, North Korean state media warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an "armada".
And in a new twist to the French elections, a far-left veteran who had been written off as a long shot has now surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios.
While the euro sagged against the yen, it fared better versus the struggling dollar. The common currency was up 0.1 percent at $1.0610, adding to modest overnight gains.
It was a similar story for the pound, which retreated to a near five-month low of 136.85 yen but edged up against the dollar. Sterling was steady at $1.2490 after gaining about 0.6 percent overnight.
The Australian dollar, sensitive to shifts in broader risk appetite, was up slightly at $0.7503 after dropping to a near three-month trough of $0.7475 the previous day.
What a day of despair for those who hold the sanctity of life dear to their hearts.
To witness the scenes of triumphalism in the Republic of Ireland after the result of the abortion referendum were made known.
Letters to Editor
How interesting to note the young age set of those predominant in the front row of the crowds.
How interesting that many travelled “home” in order to vote.
It appears to the onlooker that they couldn't wait to get this new “liberal” approach to this demonic act signed and sealed.
Gone are the days when the Roman Catholic Church was the voice of order in the Republic.
Now they are only a voice in the background, one of few who spoke out against the outcome of the vote.
Ben Lowry in their article in Saturday's News Letter (‘Ireland thought hard about abortion, as we need to do in NI — including a debate on abortion on demand,' May 26) makes a strange statement saying “there will one day be a drive to slash the number of them (abortions) in the same way that our toleration of road deaths has declined over the years”.
There are road deaths which are unavoidable eg mechanical failure, tiredness at the wheel, etc but every abortion is avoidable!
Now is the time to act, not in days to come!
Many younger women will see this vote victory as a way to use abortion as another means of contraception.
Within the last year Ann Furedi of the British Pregnancy Advisory Service said the termination of a pregnancy should not be seen as exceptional but “merely as birth control that women need when their regular method lets them down”.
What hope does the unborn (but not un-alive) have when the body which should be giving wise counsel can adopt this callous attitude to life in the womb?
A foetus (we are told it should now be spelt fetus) is the developing embryo from the period of eight weeks, until birth.
That means that termination up to twelve weeks from conception involves the death of a living baby in the womb.
What woman will bear that responsibility for the rest of their life?
The argument that the change in the law is for “crisis pregnancies” ie rape, incest, etc only will not hold.
Those who were celebrating so vociferously at the weekend were not welcoming hope for those caught up in such tragic circumstances.
Sadly, many were celebrating the arrival of abortion for whatever reason, living a hedonistic lifestyle with a safety valve in case things go wrong.
Media posts since the weekend have included many unprintable comments about Christians, “fascists” being one of the more printable, but no less palatable. But God will hold answerable those who have initiated this dreadful attack on the defenceless in the womb, and They will judge as no earthly court can judge.
Prepare for the consequences Republic of Ireland, desperate times are ahead.
Gordon McNeill, Portadown
BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) — Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost dialogue with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize.
Police cordons blocked several streets in central Belgrade on Wednesday as members of the Serbian Radical Party rallied against the opening of the "Mirdita-Dobar Dan" festival. Party leader Vojislav Seselj, who was convicted of war crimes by a U.N. court, says the festival is a "shame" for Serbia.
The event is organized by liberal youth groups from Serbia and Kosovo to promote cultural exchange between the former war foes. It features films, exhibitions and debates.
Serbia and Kosovo must normalize relations to advance toward membership in the European Union. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 following the 1998-99 conflict.
March 28 Aa Plc
* Final results for the year ended 31 january 2017
* New business volumes grew 14%
* Ias 19 valuation of group's pension schemes was £395m at 31 january, significantly below july 2016 level of £622m
* We have proposed changes to our UK pension arrangements which would mitigate current and future liabilities whilst preserving benefits a defined benefit scheme
* We expect triennial review of uk schemes to conclude by end of june 2017
* A positive start to 2018 financial year
* Trading revenue 1 (£m) 940 925
* Trading ebitda 2 (£m) 403 402
* Trading ebitda margin 3 (%) 42.9 43.5
* Operating profit 4 (£m) 284 297
* Profit after tax 4 (£m) 74 (1)
* Dividends per share (p) 9.3 9.0 +3.3% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Schnitzer Steel Industries Inc
* Schnitzer reports second quarter 2017 financial results
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.37
* Q2 earnings per share $0.40 from continuing operations
* Qtrly revenues $382 million versus $289 million
* Schnitzer steel industries - in total, co delivered $27 million in program benefits, expects to deliver remaining $3 million of annual benefits by end of fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Well, that was fun. After two hours of vivid, gruelling knockout football at the Spartak Stadium, England's penalty shootout defeat of Colombia felt at times like an overload of the senses. A quarter-final with Sweden in Samara awaits on Saturday.
England have finally won on penalties, led by the man who previously lost on penalties. And while football may not be coming home just yet, it is certainly loosening up, making friendly overtures, liking your social media posts and generally seeming a lot more fun than the rather cold and distant tournament summers of the last decade.
There is an issue of balance here. On Wednesday morning Guardian writer Hadley Freeman tweeted that an American friend had compared the endearing optimism of England fans to “one of those crazy people who goes on a good date and immediately starts planning the wedding”.
But then in its role as the most important of all the unimportant things sport exists to create these moments, to hit the big, fat, wet emotional high note, to tell the kind of stories football likes to tell about itself. Whatever happens from here, England will always have Moscow and a night of agreeably loopy sporting catharsis.
Plus this was unarguable progress. Jose Pekerman's Colombia were always likely to provide England's best XI with a more layered test than Tunisia and the Sunday seconds of Panama. Beneath the veneer of well-run details this England team has felt at times a bit like an expert branding exercise. The more they talked about systems and DNA, the more they seemed to have a system and some DNA. The more they were said to be mature, studious and likeable the more they seemed to be mature and studious and likeable.
But were they any good? In Moscow England were stretched and bruised in new ways. For periods in the second half the Colombian players were drawn to the referee the way the best Barcelona teams are drawn to the ball, surrounding him, intercepting him, everyone wanting a touch. Perhaps it's time to create a new stat for times such as these: touches of the ref's arm, words in their ear, imaginary cards brandished (successful and unsuccessful).
After England's penalty was awarded Colombia's players waved their arms and stamped around in a group on top of the penalty spot for two long minutes. Harry Kane stepped back, re-spotted it. Waited a bit. Floated their kick down the middle. This was super-ballsy stuff, Kane as leader, as a big player, as the daddy in this team. Yes, this was big daddy Kane.
Overall Southgate's team were neither too nice nor too nasty. Instead they offered a reflection of the manager's best qualities, an agreeably cold-blooded kind of stubbornness. On the other hand this was also a 1-1 draw against a depleted Colombia.
To really take their World Cup deep England will have to beat a top-level opponent at some stage. Delight in their progress will not disguise the fact there are improvements required, areas in which England have been below their best; and strengths that other teams will now prepare for.
And so on to the bad news. England have scored one goal, a penalty kick, in their last four hours of World Cup football. Winning a shootout feels good. But it is rarely a sign that all is well. Since France 98 just two of 14 teams to progress on penalties have gone on to win their next game.
Southgate will know all of this. They will also be keen to re-cast a little what has been a notably fixed-gear style in attack. Here's a good stat. Kane has had six shots on target at Russia 2018. All six have ended in the net. Include off-target efforts and Kane's tally rises to a paltry nine. This is winning football pared down to a state of absolute minimalism.
Pep Guardiola drew a little heat last season by calling Spurs “the Harry Kane team”, but England are in effect the Harry Kane Nation, their captain not just the best No 9, but the best No 10 too, the best crosser, the best passer near goal and one really consistent hope of registering in the goals column.
Only Belgium have scored more times than England. Only Russia have run further. No other team still in at Russia 2018 has lost the ball fewer times in their own half. But Belgium, Brazil, Uruguay and Sweden have all had more shots, while England have had only three efforts at goal from the left side of the pitch all tournament, compared to 16 for Belgium and 14 for Brazil. Get this too: England have had just one shot on target from outside the area in open play, joint last with Australia.
The numbers confirm what the eye can see. Passing carefully, running a lot, being cute at set pieces and trusting in Harry have been enough so far. England have got to the last eight driving a car with three wheels. Why should they do things differently now?
The answer lies in the fact they will be required at some stage to beat a high-functioning team. To do so they will need more in particular from the attacking midfield trio.
Raheem Sterling, Jesse Lingard and Dele Alli moved well and defended with skill against Colombia. Sterling often found the right spaces, just not necessarily at the right time. Early on they troubled Yerry Mina so often they ended up with Mina piggybacking around in a circle on their shoulders, like a friendly, sleepy bear being carried off to bed.
But Brazil, France, Belgium and Croatia all have greater verve in these midfield areas, with more successful dribbles and runs into the penalty area so far. Alli has had one shot at goal. Sterling has one, Lingard two. An improvement will surely be key against the better teams, as will choosing just the right moment to make a forward run alongside or beyond the lone spearhead.
England have nothing to lose now, no promises to keep, no demons to slay. They are in credit, a team flying above the clouds. The challenge is simply to find some extra gears, a greater collectivism in attack to match the defensive will. The opportunity is there to take a more nuanced, more layered fight to Sweden in the heat of Samara this weekend. - Guardian
NEW YORK, April 12 More than 200 "black car" drivers who ferry bankers, lawyers and other executives around New York City are independent contractors and cannot pursue class action claims that they were deprived of wages, a federal appeals court ruled on Wednesday.
The drivers had sued to recoup unpaid overtime from Corporate Transportation Group and several franchisors operating roughly 700 cars in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
By a 3-0 vote, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan said the drivers "were in business for themselves," reflecting their ability to set their own schedules, decide which rides to take, and work for multiple car services.
The drivers had argued that the defendants, which in some respects they likened to the ride-hailing service Uber, exerted "a great deal of control," including by charging them for the right to drive, negotiating rates, maintaining a dress code, and setting rules on vehicle maintenance.
But in Wednesday's decision, Judge Debra Ann Livingston said CTG "wielded virtually no influence over other essential components of the business, including when, where, in what capacity, and with what frequency plaintiffs would drive."
While other companies in similar cases might be deemed employers under federal labor law, in the CTG case "these plaintiffs were not employees of these defendants," they wrote.
Lawyers for the drivers and the defendants did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Wednesday's decision upheld a September 2014 ruling by U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman in Manhattan.
The U.S. Department of Labor sided with the drivers in their appeal, while the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Black Car Assistance Corp trade group sided with CTG.
The case is Saleem et al v. Corporate Transportation Group Ltd et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-88. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 6 Renren Inc-
* Renren Inc announces disposition of certain shares of Social Finance Inc
* Renren Inc- sold preferred shares of social finance to certain investors on april 4, 2017
* Renren Inc - company received net proceeds of $91.9 million for shares
* Renren Inc- after the transaction, company still has 85.9% of its previous holdings in sofi
* Renren - sold preferred shares of social finance to certain investors on april 4, in connection with sofi's the most recent round of equity financing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber Technologies Inc. is based in San Francisco, California and provides transportation and delivery services in over 600 cities around the globe. It was founded in 2009 and was called UberCab at the time, and then dropped ‘Cab' in 2011 when things started to take off. You've probably used an Uber before; it's an affordable and convenient mode of travel. Here are ten things you may not know about the company.
It Was Founded By A Dropout
Travis Kalanick, Uber co-founder, dropped out of the University of California. While it isn't uncommon today to see very successful college dropouts, it is always interesting to learn of another successful company that has someone without a college degree behind the wheel. The other founder, Garrett Camp, is one of the founders of the social network called StumbleUpon. The friends came up with the idea while on a vacation to Paris in 2008, where they had trouble hailing a cab.
UberMOTO
UberMOTO still operates in India, but that may be the only place where this is still an option. Instead of requesting a ride via car, riders would instead have the opportunity to take a motorcycle. It was available in Paris and Bangkok prior to its discontinuation in 2013 but was relaunched in Hyderabad at the beginning of 2017. Drivers are required to carry an additional helmet for their passengers, and this is one of the few services that allow patrons to pay with cash or through the app.
No Employee Discounts
Uber has a very lean business model. It is a very profit-driven company, and of course, that has caused some controversy in the past surrounding specific practices. One thing that they do in congruence with this business model is that they do not offer any discounts to their employees. However, technically Uber drivers are independent contractors – like freelancing, so it would make sense that there is no discount available.
Special Welcomes
Just like any other mode of transportation, be it bus, taxicab, train, plane, or cruise ship, you can bet that plenty of babies have been born in the back seat. While this is obviously an incredibly stressful occurrence for the driver and the parents alike, Uber tries to smooth things over by welcoming the baby with a gift. Every baby born in an Uber is given a special Uber onesie to celebrate. The first verifiable in-car birth was in March of 2016. The driver reportedly handled the situation so well that Uber gave them tickets to a Knicks game as a thank-you.
Rating is a Two Way Street
After you complete a ride with Uber, the app will pop up with a notification on your phone asking you to rate your ride out of five stars, and leaves you space to include a comment about your driver. Drivers must maintain a rating of 4.6 stars or higher, or they risk being terminated. What many people don't know, is that drivers rate riders too. Low points have reportedly been given for obnoxious drunks and even one teen who was disrespecting their mom in the car!
No Tips
Lyft has a space when you make your payment to tip your driver, and they also encourage tipping in cash. One of the biggest selling points with Uber is that no cash is exchanged. It is all done digitally through the app on your phone that connects to your bank account. Because of this setup, most people believe that the tip is included in the fare. This isn't the case! However, while it is polite to tip, most Uber drivers won't take it. They're instructed not to take the tip unless their rider absolutely insists.
Drivers Don't Know Where You're Headed
When you request a ride, you have to set a destination. This is an obvious necessity because that's the entire purpose of a cab, right? But, Uber drivers don't get to see where you're going. All they can see is your name, rating, and some details of your request. Uber drivers will not see how much money they will earn from the drive, either. All the driver can see about the destination is the estimated length of the drive in minutes.
Unique Services
Apart from the strange implementation of UberMOTO, there are several other services that Uber has added to their repertoire over the years. They are committed to serving the community, according to statements given by upper-level personnel. There is UberEATS or UberFRESH, which are both food delivery services. In New York, there is also UberRUSH for package delivery, and UberPOOL. UberPOOL is a carpooling effort to try and pull some cars off the street. Two people that met on one of those rides ended up getting married! They also offered some snuggle time with adorable kittens to benefit animal shelters.
Rental Opportunities
If you don't have a car but would still like to drive for Uber, they have a program with the rental companies Hertz and Enterprise that allows you to rent a car for a base rate of just over $200 per week. You're still responsible for taxes, fees, fuel costs, and other personal expenses incurred. A smartphone is also an integral part of working for Uber, and if you don't have one of those, you can rent one as well. It's $10 to $15 per week to rent one of the latest iPhones with a basic service package.
Executives Work Like Crazy
As you read earlier, Uber has a very slim model for how they do business. This tactic borders on insanely cheap. There are only three executives allowed per city, and they will handle all of Uber's operations in that city. For some smaller cities, this seems like it would be pretty manageable; however, in the year 2015, there were almost 15,000 Uber drivers in New York City alone. When you factor in the additional services that Uber now offers, along with normal growth, that's three people responsible for almost 10,000 employees each!
Michael Haneke says the Internet is the modern Church
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
There's no question German filmmaker Michael Haneke is an acquired taste. Their clinical dissection of contemporary malaise is unflinching and each one of their movies contains at least one scene that ends up seared into your brain. Like a scar.
My introduction to Haneke came very late, in 2005. I was watching a screener of Funny Games on my computer, in less-than-ideal circumstances. I was both gripped and terrified. My next fix was Caché, which plastered me against my seat in a mostly empty theatre one afternoon.
Haneke doesn't work as fast as fans would like them to (only four movies in the last decade), but their films have become events among cinephiles.
I was privileged to interview them (via interpreter) at the Toronto International Film Festival last year for Happy End (see review page 14). While slightly brittle (he is 75, after all), the man is a beacon of intelligence who wants everybody to know he's not a pessimist, he's a realist.
What's at the root of your decision to shoot sections of Happy End with a cell phone?
If you want to create a realistic depiction of our society, dealing with “handies” is unavoidable. All of us carry these gadgets. It's part of our daily life.
What's your personal relationship with smartphones? Do you believe they're responsible for our communication problems?
[Waves their iPhone] I don't have Instagram or Snapchat, but if you're working professionally, you can't refuse using them. That said, I don't judge. I don't have a position for or against these devices. At the same time, the speed these means of communication changed our lives is unheard of. Never before in human history has change has been so radical or quick. If you think back to the printing press, it took centuries for change to permeate every level of society. With cell phones it has been only 15 years.
How does that phenomenon apply to Happy End?
I wanted to investigate the role of digital media in our lives. I have the suspicion the Internet has taken the role the church once had. It's not unusual that one family member poisons another, but when the perpetrator publishes it on the Internet, there has to be a desire to be discovered. It's a form of confession.
There are several recurring names in your films (Isabelle Huppert, Jean-Louis Trintignant). Why do you go back to them?
When you don't have to start from zero you get better results. If you've gotten along in the past, it's enjoyable to work with friends.
Do you believe movies have the power to change the world?
[Laughs] No art form can change the world, but the sum of all our artistic endeavors can make it more livable. To expect more than that would be naïve. This is the human dilemma: on one hand we want to live, on the other, we know we are going to die. There are no happy endings. The title of my movie is intended to be ironic, like Funny Games: the ending is as happy as the games were funny.
You've mentioned in the past you look at life from outside. Does that mean you don't live your life totally in the moment?
Depends on what role I'm playing, if I'm writing a script or directing a film, I have to objectify things. It happens to every artist. In my private life, I'm fully a participant and perhaps the victim of what's going on around me.
What would you say is the biggest misconception about your work?
That I'm a pessimist. I see myself as a realist. Pessimists are those people who make mainstream Hollywood movies and treat spectators as if they were dumb and just give them what they want. Anyone who confronts life and takes a stand generates meaningful work. That's actually optimistic.
Do you ever revisit your films?
I don't like to. I just look forward.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
(Adds central bank and analyst comments and report details)
By Silvio Cascione and Alonso Soto
BRASILIA, March 30 Brazil's central bank said on Thursday that lower inflation could allow it to step up its pace of interest rate cuts and help pull the once-booming economy out of its worst recession ever.
In a quarterly inflation report, the bank lowered its 2017 inflation market forecast to 4.0 percent from 4.7 percent in its previous report. For 2018, its estimate remained at 4.5 percent, at the center of its official target.
A more widely spread process of disinflation "strengthens the chances of a moderate intensification of the pace of monetary easing," the bank said.
At its last two meetings, the bank has cut its benchmark Selic rate by 75 basis points each time. Still, at 12.25 percent, it remains one of the highest reference rates for major global economies.
"That 'moderate intensification' signals that the bank is considering cutting rates by 100 basis points, but not by 125 basis points," said Thais Zara, chief economist with Sao Paulo-based consultancy Rosenberg.
The length of the rate-cutting cycle will depend on the 2019 inflation estimates and the forecast for the country's structural rates, or the rate that is neutral to inflation, the bank said.
The bank said its market forecast for annual inflation until the first quarter of 2019 stood at 4.6 percent.
The bank also lowered its economic growth forecast to 0.5 percent from 0.8 percent for 2017, standing now in line with the government and market forecasts.
A painfully slow recovery after two years of deep recession have dragged down inflation that just over a year ago had swelled to above 10 percent. Annual inflation currently stands at 4.76 percent. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione and Alonso Soto; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Bernadette Baum)
A woman walks at the Bund in front of the financial district of Pudong in Shanghai March 5, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song
SINGAPORE The World Bank kept its 2017 economic growth forecast for developing East Asia and the Pacific unchanged, but added the region is vulnerable to any sharp slowdown in global trade or tightening in financial conditions.
The Washington-based lender expects the developing East Asia and Pacific (EAP) region, which includes China, to grow 6.2 percent in 2017, slowing from 6.4 percent growth last year. It sees growth slowing further to 6.1 percent in 2018, compared with its previous forecast in October of 6.0 percent growth.
"Growth in developing East Asia and Pacific is expected to remain resilient, as continued buoyancy in domestic demand, including public and increasingly private investment, is supported by strengthening external demand," the World Bank said in its latest East Asia and Pacific Economic Update report on Thursday.
READ MORE: Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields, stocks choppy
"Nevertheless, global and regional vulnerabilities mean that the positive prospects for growth and poverty reduction in the region in this base case are subject to significant risks."
The World Bank kept its 2017 and 2018 growth forecasts for China unchanged at 6.5 percent and 6.3 percent, respectively.
It said countries in the region may need to adjust their accommodative monetary policies as upward pressure on consumer prices could intensify on the back of a pick-up in producer prices and projected recovery in commodity prices.
The monetary easing cycle in Indonesia likely needs to be placed on hold, and in the Philippines, policies must be ready to adjust to rising inflationary pressures, the World Bank said.
Additionally, any sharp slowdown in global trade or in China could pose risks to the region's growth outlook.
READ MORE: China's economic picture brightens as trade data tops forecasts, Trump softens tone
"Significant slowdowns in world trade, whether stemming from mounting global protectionist pressures or from unanticipated weakness in global activity, could adversely affect most of the region," it said.
The World Bank added that the region's resilience could be tested if global financial conditions tighten faster than expected at a time when the United States is normalising its monetary policy.
(Reporting by Masayuki Kitano; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
São Paulo (Reuters) - A Brazil-based spokesperson for Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Friday that the structure of a potential tie-up with Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) was “still being studied” and nothing about a possible partnership had yet been defined.
A Brazilian government source told Reuters on Friday that the latest proposal for a tie-up between the planemakers would include the creation of a third company, as the top economics correspondent at Globo TV first reported.
TOKYO, April 10 Japan's Teikoku Sen-i Co , a manufacturer of fire-fighting equipment, must boost its return on equity, asset management firm Sparx Group Co Ltd said on Monday, adding that it had boosted its holdings in the company.
Sparx, which manages about $8.6 billion in assets, asked Teikoku Sen-i to sell its stock holdings and provide information on plans for business investment and returns to shareholders.
"Teikoku Sen-i is cheap, and has a lot of potential to boost its earnings," said Sparx Chief Executive Shuhei Abe. "This is a rare Japanese company. But the company is not looking at shareholders at all."
The move comes amid silence by Japanese institutional investors on the issue of corporate management, despite publication of a flight attendantship code by Japan's Financial Services Agency in 2014, aiming to improve corporate governance and investment returns.
Tokyo-based Teikoku Sen-i has about 43 billion yen ($386.07 million) in capital, of which its shareholding in a property developer, Hulic, accounts for 13 billion yen, said Abe.
Teikoku Sen-i's capital is largely affected by the performance of Hulic, said Abe, adding that its return on equity would be boosted if it sold most of its Hulic shares.
Unlike other activist funds that have targeted Japanese firms with shareholder proposals on specific demands made at annual shareholder meetings, Sparx is not planning such action, however.
In 2015, C&I Holdings, a fund affiliated with activist investor Yoshiaki Murakami, called for the election of four new directors at Kuroda Electric Co to achieve its demand for the company to improve investor returns and boost growth.
Others, including major electronics companies Sony Corp and Nintendo Co , have found themselves in the sights of dissident investors in the past.
Sparx will keep talking to Teikoku Sen-i management and also hopes other shareholders will be vocal, Abe said, adding that Sparx wanted to pursue its own strategy to drive change at the company.
An official at Teikoku Sen-i said it holds Hulic shares for historical reasons but reducing its stake in Hulic may not make sense, considering its dividend payments.
The company has been steadily boosting dividend payments to shareholders, added the official who declined to be identified because they were not authorised to speak to the media.
Sparx, which said it has been gradually increasing its stake in Teikoku Sen-i since first investing in 2014, made a filing to a local government authority on Monday as its holdings reached 5.07 percent, crossing a threshold for such a filing. ($1=111.3800 yen) (Reporting by Junko Fujita; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Flotek Industries Inc
* Flotek Industries, Inc. announces agreement to divest drilling technologies segment
* Flotek Industries Inc - Deal for total consideration of $17.0 million
* Flotek Industries - Agreement to divest its drilling technologies segment to National Oilwell Varco, L.P. for a total consideration of $17.0 million
* Flotek Industries Inc - In-line with company's ongoing initiatives, proceeds from deal will go towards reducing outstanding debt on its balance sheet Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Football Soccer - West Ham United v Swansea City - Premier League - London Stadium - 8/4/17 Swansea City manager Paul Clement looks on during the game Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Swansea City manager Paul Clement believes their side are in a two-team battle with Hull City to avoid Premier League relegation this season.
With the Welsh side, who have suffered four defeats in their last five league games, currently 18th in the league, one place and two points behind Hull, Clement believes one of the two sides will go down at the end of the season.
"As we sit here and speak about it, yes," Clement told a news conference when asked if they saw Swansea and Hull being embroiled in a straight fight for survival.
"Mathematically, if we won every game and they won every game, they are going to stay up and we are not," they added.
"But the likelihood of that happening is actually very unlikely, based on where the teams are in the league.
"You cannot focus too much on what goes around us. It's about focussing on the task in hand and that is our game at Watford (on Saturday)."
Swansea captain Jack Cork will miss the trip to Vicarage Road with a sprained ankle they suffered at West Ham United last weekend but they could be available for the Stoke City clash on April 22.
Clement said the absence of Cork, who has started 25 league games this campaign, offers an opportunity to fringe players to stake claim for a place in the starting lineup.
"He (Cork) could be out for two weeks from the time they suffered the injury, but they have got a chance for Stoke.
"This is an opportunity for another midfielder to come in...Leon Britton is in contention and Jay Fulton is a possible, while a change in shape is possible as well."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Ian Chadband)
April 12 ICICI Bank Ltd
* "Some erroneous media reports have appeared that ICICI Bank has acquired 1.09% stake in Karnataka Bank"
* Almost all of the shares are held by bank on behalf of its equity broker clients as security for exchange clearing and settlement business Source text:
ICICI Bank spokesperson said: "Some erroneous media reports have appeared that ICICI Bank has acquired 1.09% stake in Karnataka Bank. We would like to clarify that almost all of these shares are held by the Bank on behalf of its equity broker clients as a security for our exchange clearing and settlement business." Further company coverage:
April 23 A new multi-purpose 5,000-seater stadium is to be built at Melbourne Park as part of efforts aimed at keeping the Australian Open grand slam tennis tournament at its current site, Victoria state treasurer Tim Pallas said on Sunday.
Pallas said work on the stadium, which is part of a $271 million development programme, would begin in 2019, Australian Associated Press reported. The stadium would be used for tennis, basketball, concerts and other sports, the report said.
The tournament has been shared among Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane, Perth and New Zealand since its inception in 1905 but has been played at its current home since 1988.
Reports in recent years have suggested not only Sydney but international cities including Shanghai and Dubai would be keen to host the tournament, which is dubbed the 'Grand Slam of the Asia Pacific'.
But Pallas said the slam was going nowhere.
"It is a pretty good facility, but we want the best facility, not only in the nation but in the world," Pallas told reporters.
"The players love these facilities. Importantly, I think Victorians have come to love these facilities."
The project would bring an additional 600 new jobs in the construction phase and supports thousands more in the tourism and hospitality sectors once finished, the report quoted state sports minister John Eren as saying.
($1 = 1.3259 Australian dollars) (Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
JERUSALEM, April 20 All four interest rate setters at Israel's central bank voted to keep the benchmark rate at 0.1 percent on April 6, where it has been for more than two years, minutes of the discussions showed on Thursday.
Policymakers focused much of the discussion on Israel's low inflation environment, according to the minutes, and agreed that this was not an indication of weak demand but a reflection of the continued appreciation of the shekel.
The committee members took the view that the economy grew at a solid pace in the first quarter, and "that it is even likely that there was a step up in the rate of growth."
They also noted a possible adverse impact to exports due to the shekel's appreciation, and concern of a possible slowdown in the rate of expansion of credit from banks, a slowdown they said is liable to negatively impact the expansion of private consumption.
There was also a small change in the committee's forward guidance provided to the public to include reference to their intention "to maintain the accommodative policy as long as necessary in order to entrench the inflation environment within the target range".
Three of four committee members supported the change, with the fourth arguing that they should not "link the conduct of monetary policy in the future exclusively to the inflation path". (Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch; Editing by Tova Cohen and Hugh Lawson)
April 20Xinjiang Sailing Information Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.40 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* Its wholly owned subsidiary will use 1.3 million yuan to buy 15 percent stake in a Xinjiang information tech unit and will hold 100 percent stake in target company after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/2l4hXs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
NEW YORK May 2 Cate Blanchett, Sally Field and Bette Midler received the best actor nominations in Broadway's Tony Awards on Tuesday, while "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" scored a leading 12 nominations including the top prize, the best musical.
Close behind was the hit revival of "Hello, Dolly!" which took 10 nominations, including one for actor David Hyde Pierce.
"Dear Evan Hansen," "Groundhog Day The Musical" and "Come From Away" received the best musical nominations as well.
Best play nominees included "Oslo," "Sweat," "Indecent," and "A Doll's House, Part 2," which won nominations for stars Laurie Metcalf and Chris Cooper.
The Tony Awards will be presented on June 11 at Manhattan's Radio City Music Hall in a ceremony headlined by film and stage star Kevin Spacey. (Reporting by Chris Michaud; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
TOPEKA, Kan. — They won't even be able to vote, but a 16-year-old Wichita high school student says he's serious about their bid to run for governor of Kansas.
Jack Bergerson has filed to run as a Democrat in the 2018 race for governor of Kansas, saying they wanted to give people another option, The Kansas City Star reported. And it doesn't faze them that they won't even be old enough to vote in the election.
“Under Kansas law, there is no law governing the qualifications for governor, not one,” said Bryan Caskey, director of elections at the Kansas secretary of state's office. “So there's seriously nothing on the books that lays out anything, no age, no residency, no experience. Nothing.”
When Bergeson, a junior at The Independent School in Wichita, found out about the lack of requirements, they thought, “Oh, I could do that.”
“I thought, you know, let's give the people of Kansas a chance,” Bergeson said. “Let's try something new that has never really been tried anywhere else before.”
The teenager said they want to “radically change” the health care system and would support legalizing marijuana for medical purposes, while being willing to explore legalization for recreational use. But they are conservative on gun rights and supports laws that allow people to openly carry their weapons.
“I think if you offer the people of Kansas something radical, something new so then that shows that we can move in a new direction, I think that will put the Democratic Party in a good position to win the seat next year,” Bergeson said.
A classmate, 17-year-old Alexander Cline, will be their lieutenant governor. Cline will be able to vote in the election, since they will be 18 by then.
Other Democratic candidates running for the seat include former state Secretary of Agriculture Josh Svaty, former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer and Arden Andersen, an Olathe doctor.
Bergerson's announcement Aug. 7 garnered national attention, including an appearance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live.” They told Kimmel one of the main reasons for their unusual campaign is to try and spark an interest in politics among their peers.
Michael Smith, a political scientist at Emporia State University, said that could be a positive part of the teenager's unusual campaign.
“If this guy is at all reasonable, it could be a very good thing,” Smith said. “It's always such challenge to get young people to politically engage. … I'm not saying he'll win the nomination or anything, but if they could talk to other, maybe not 16-year-olds but people just turning 18 and get them to engage, I mean it could be a really good thing.”
___
Information from: The Kansas City Star
March 31 Krakchemia SA:
* Reported on Thursday FY revenue ​of 447.0 million zlotys ($113.31 million)versus 535.4 million zlotys a year ago
* FY net loss of 9.7 million ​zlotys versus profit of 7.3 million zlotys a year ago
* Financial troubles of Krakchemia's controlling shareholder, Alma Market SA , in the end of 2016 influenced Krakchemia's results in H2
* The company has created 10 million zloty reserve for FY net result
Source text: bit.ly/2npJTw5 , bit.ly/2oovocZ
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9448 zlotys)
May 2 Oil and gas producer Anadarko Petroleum Corp reported a smaller quarterly loss on Tuesday, helped by higher realized crude prices.
Net loss attributable to Anadarko narrowed to $318 million, or 58 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $1.03 billion, or $2.03 per share, a year earlier.
Average sales prices for oil was $50.34 per barrel in the quarter, up from $29.65 a year ago, the company said.
Texas-based Anadarko's revenue more-than-doubled to $3.77 billion. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
Winter might end up on the warmer side for the north and west of the North Island, in a mixed-bag climate outlook just issued by Niwa.
Temperatures between now and the end of August were forecast to be either near or above average for Auckland, Northland, Waikato, Bay of Plenty, Taranaki, Whanganui, Manawatu, Wellington and the Central North Island.
But further south, across coastal Canterbury and east Otago, the winter was equally likely to be near or below average temperatures.
For everywhere else, temperatures for the next three months likely wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary.
Advertisement
Periodic northeasterly air flows - particularly during the first half of winter - were expected to bring mild periods to northern areas.
But when winds swung to northwesterlies and southwesterlies over the rest of the season, cooler conditions could prevail across southern and western spots.
Rainfall levels were forecast to be near or above normal in the north and east of the North Island, and east of the South Island, but normal or below normal in the west of both islands, and normal in the northern South Island.
"Lower than normal air pressure to the west and north of New Zealand during June may bring a few heavier rain events to the north and east of the North Island and perhaps east of the South Island," Niwa reported.
Soil moisture levels and river flows were expected to be above normal in the north of the North Island, near normal in the east of the North Island and north and west of the South Island, and above or near normal in the west of the North Island and the east of the South Island.
The background picture was El Nino-Southern Oscillation-neutral conditions in the tropical Pacific, which could give way to an El Nino climate system by spring.
In New Zealand, El Nino typically brings cooler, wetter conditions, bringing higher rainfall to regions that are normally wet, and often drought to areas that are usually dry.
But for the short-term, a neutral pattern meant a changeable climate regime.
"At times, southerly quarter flow patterns may deliver sharp cold snaps and snow, although these are likely to be counterbalanced by northerly and/or easterly flow patterns that could deliver some heavy rain events to the northern and eastern North Island and eastern South Island."
Kolkata: Sans skipper Dinesh Karthik, two-time champions Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) on Monday began their first practice session ahead of the Indian Premier League (IPL) season at the Jadavpur University second campus ground in Salt Lake.
Newly-appointed captain Karthik became the toast of the nation after their freak cameo of 28 not out from just eight balls, guiding India to a last-ball victory over Bangladesh in the Nidahas Trophy T20 tri-series final in Colombo on Sunday.
With five runs needed in the last ball, Karthik hit a six in quite dramatic fashion to seal the deal.
KKR, no doubt will be bolstered by their presence, and they are expected to join the squad later this month along with coach and South African legendary all-rounder Jacques Kallis.
There was no net session on Monday afternoon as the men in purple decided to start their pre-season training with light warm-up sessions.
A total of 11 players including Vice-captain Robin Uthappa sweated it out.
The players included India's Under-19 World Cup winning pair of Shubman Gill and Kamlesh Nagarkoti, pacer R. Vinay Kumar, leggie Ishank Jaggi and West Indies recruit Javon Searles.
KKR will begin their campaign at home against Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) on April 8.
People are reflected in the logo of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group's bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (MUFG) in Tokyo, Japan, May 16, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
DUBAI Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (8306.T) (MUFG) expects double-digit growth in its project finance business in the Middle East in 2017, driven partly by Saudi Arabia's efforts to reduce its dependence on oil, the bank's co-head in the region Elyas Algaseer said.
Saudi Arabia's push to diversify its economy under its National Transformation Plan provides a big opportunity for international banks, as well as the privatization of state-controlled enterprises such as Saudi Aramco's [IPO-ARMO.SE]planned initial public offering.
MUFG, which is ranked as one of the leading project finance lenders globally and in the region, is working with clients in the Middle East including Saudi Aramco, Acwa Power IPO-ACWA.SE and Mubadala Development [MUDEV.UL], Algaseer said.
MUFG was expecting around $350 billion in project finance opportunities in Saudi Arabia by 2022 and more across the region in areas such as power, alternative energy, health and education, Algaseer said.
"In this part of the world, they do have good liquidity reserves and good underground energy reserves and a good need to shift from relying on oil, so if these come through we should be on a lot of these deals because of our credentials and because of our know how," they said in an interview.
Algaseer said there were also a lot more openings from privatizations in the country, estimating that there would be $300 billion in such opportunities by 2022.
Saudi Arabia already has plans to list up to 5 percent of oil company Saudi Aramco that could raise as much as $100 billion via a listing in Riyadh and one or more international markets.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe this month asked Saudi Arabia's King Salman to support a listing of Aramco's shares in Tokyo. Other markets, including New York, London, Hong Kong, Singapore and Toronto, are also vying for a role.
"I won't say it's [a Tokyo listing] a high possibility but it's not impossible," Algaseer said. They also said that the large size of the sale meant it would be hard for only two centers to manage it.
"If they do go to Japan they will definitely consider to have MUFG to launch it and if they go somewhere else there's a good possibility to let MUFG and its partner Morgan Stanley (MS.N) to launch it."
Morgan Stanley and MUFG have several partnerships, stemming from a $9 billion investment MUFG provided the Wall Street bank at the height of the financial crisis. MUFG now owns 23.2 percent of Morgan Stanley, making it the bank's largest shareholder, according to Thomson Reuters data.
MUFG's banking subsidiary, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, expects to open its first branch in Saudi Arabia in 2018 after becoming the first Japanese bank to receive a license in the kingdom late last year, they said.
(Editing by Jane Merriman)
AUGUSTA, Georgia It is anyone's guess which player will wear the Green Jacket on Sunday night, but one certain winner of the Masters is the city of Augusta.
The tournament generates more than $100 million annually for the city and surrounding region, according to the OnGeorgia website, as an estimated 250,000 people who make the pilgrimage to Augusta each year open their wallets.
“During the Masters, thousands of patrons spend millions of dollars at our stores, restaurants, hotels, and golf courses,” said Augusta mayor Mayor Hardie Davis, Jr.
Augusta may not immediately conjure up images of a cutting-edge hub of technology but times are changing.
While the Masters and host Augusta National Golf Club are outwardly old-fashioned, evoking a more genteel bygone era behind their manicured flowerbeds, tech free on-course experience (no cell phones or digital signage), and 1960s era food and drink prices, looks can be deceiving.
As millions of global golf fans prepare to watch the Masters on their TVs, phones and laptops, Augusta likes to bill itself the cyber capital of the American south. To figure out why, look no further than the adjacent Fort Gordon army base.
In 2012, the National Security Agency (NSA) opened a regional headquarters on base at Augusta's Fort Gordon. In late 2013, the Army moved Cyber Command there from Maryland, and ever since, defense contractors such as MacAulay-Brown and Booze Allen Hamilton have opened local offices. The state has also announced plans to build the $50 million Georgia Cyber Innovation and Training Center in downtown Augusta, a partnership with the Fort, Augusta University, and local government.
Next time you are riding around a golf course, there's a very good chance it will be in a cart built by an Augusta-based company, Textron Specialized Vehicles, which claims to manufacture 90 percent of the world's golf carts.
As for the Masters, it's no coincidence that two out of three of Augusta National's pillar corporate partners are IBM and AT&T.
IBM powers the entire Masters suite of apps and digital platforms, and this year is bringing artificial intelligence technology to Augusta. For the first time at a sporting event, IBM is harnessing Watson's – the company's AI system – ability to see, hear, and learn to identify great golf shots at the Masters, based on crowd noise, player gestures, and other indicators, to create highlight reels.
(This version of the story removes the final paragraph containing incorrect information provided by source)
(Editing by Andrew Both)
SAN FRANCISCO May 3 Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said the iPhone maker plans to create a $1 billion fund to invest in advanced manufacturing companies in the United States.
Speaking on CNBC, Cook said the Cupertino, California company will announce the first company it plans to invest in later in May. Cook also said Apple plans to fund programs that could include teaching people how to write computer code to create apps, and will release more details about the effort this summer. (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Chris Reese)
BENGALURU Indian manufacturing activity expanded for a fourth consecutive month in April, helped by stronger growth in new orders although rises in output and employment slowed, a business survey showed on Tuesday.
The Nikkei/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index INPMI=ECI, compiled by IHS Markit, held steady at March's 52.5 last month, its fourth month above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
"Consumers were the key drivers of growth," said Pollyanna De Lima, economist at IHS Markit. "Buoyant domestic demand coupled with sustained growth of new orders from abroad boosted the upturn in total new business received by Indian manufacturers in April."
A new orders sub-index rose to a six-month high of 53.8 last month from March's 53.6. Foreign demand also rose, although at a slower pace.
The increase in demand only provided a more modest lift to overall output and employment as higher prices of raw materials ate into firms' profits.
But despite rising cost burdens, factory gate prices barely rose as owners tried to sustain demand still recovering from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's shock move late last year to ban high-value currency notes that caused a huge disruption.
Decent economic growth and low inflation support the Reserve Bank of India's recent shift to neutral from an accommodative policy stance.
The central bank is expected to hold its policy rate steady at 6.25 percent at least until October next year, with the next move likely to be a cut, a Reuters poll conducted last month showed.
(Reporting by Anu Bararia; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Amazon.com's logo is seen at Amazon Japan's office building in Tokyo, Japan, August 8, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
Amazon.com Inc on Thursday said revenue from its cloud business, advertising and subscription services rose in the first quarter, helping it beat profit expectations and sending its shares to an all-time high in extended trading.
The world's largest online retailer said net income rose 41 percent to $724 million (£560.98 million), or $1.48 per share, marking the eighth straight quarter that Amazon - known among investors for heavy spending and roller-coaster results - posted a net profit. Analysts on average were expecting $1.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Amazon's revenue has soared in recent years, as shopping has shifted online and businesses have moved their IT to the cloud where Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the biggest player.
Some investors had questioned if competition and December price cuts by AWS would slow Amazon's sales momentum, or if the company would fall victim to the price battles that are embroiling other retailers.
Not so. The company's total net sales rose 22.6 percent to $35.71 billion, slightly ahead of analysts' average estimate.
"The core e-commerce segment remains very healthy," said Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Baird Equity Research. "Subscription services and advertising are growing much faster, and beginning to move the needle, which also helps increase profit margins."
Shares of the company are up 3.9 percent at $954.
Amazon Prime, which offers fast shipping and video streaming to members, helped raise the company's subscription sales by 52 percent in the first quarter. Sign ups are key to Amazon's strategy because Prime encourages shoppers to buy more goods, more often.
Sales from AWS, the company's fast-growing business to host companies' data and handle their computing in the cloud, rose 42.7 percent to $3.66 billion, matching the average analyst estimate, according to market research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
The company said a stronger dollar hurt its overall sales by $492 million and that the quarter faced tough comparisons with the year-ago quarter, when the Feb. 29 leap day gave shoppers an extra 24 hours to spend.
Amazon also posted an operating loss of $481 million in its international segment. The company has said it is investing more than $5 billion in India to gain market share, and this month it announced plans for a retail marketplace in Australia.
"A lot of the same playbook you've seen working in the U.S. is also being rolled out internationally," Amazon Chief Financial Officer Brian Olsavsky said on a conference call with reporters.
Seattle-based Amazon forecast that operating income in the second quarter would be between $425 million and $1.075 billion, below the consensus estimate of $1.46 billion, according to market research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
The company has said it is stepping up investments from a year ago. It plans to build new warehouses and create more than 130,000 full-time and part-time jobs by mid-2018 to speed up delivery. Amazon also is racing to make its voice assistant Alexa, which competes with Apple Inc's Siri, a ubiquitous platform like Windows has been for desktop or Android has been for phones.
The company forecast sales for the second quarter of between $35.25 billion and $37.75 billion, which includes an unfavourable impact of about $720 million from foreign exchange rates.
Analysts on average had expected revenue of $36.87 billion.
(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Savio D'Souza, Bernard Orr)
LOS ANGELES: Melissa Garcia was just three years old when they crossed the US border from Mexico in their mother's arms.
Advertisements
They remember almost nothing of the perilous crossing that turned them into an undocumented migrant in a country that they now calls home.
 They are one of thousands of so-called “Dreamers” set to be plunged into legal limbo with the phasing out of the Deferred Action of Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, a program which allowed them to live and work legally in the United States—but which can only be renewed for the last time on Thursday (Friday in Manila).
“Under DACA I can go out in the street without worrying that I'll be deported,” said Melissa, who is 23 and works in a shop.
Them mother Leticia crossed the border with Melissa and their five-year-old brother, traversing the border fence and the desert of Sonora before trying to build a new life for their family in the United States.
“They didn't find out that they didn't have any papers until they were grown up,” said their mother, who is now 43. “I wanted them to have a normal childhood. I wanted the best for them.”
The administration of President Donald Trump said on September 5 that it was winding down DACA in six months, and Thursday was the last chance that the Obama-era scheme's beneficiaries have to submit renewal applications if their permits expire before next March.
“By March 5th they want to have already processed all of those applications,” said Luis Perez, director of legal services at the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights in Los Angeles (Chirla), which offers free advice to dreamers.
Around 150,000 permits that are due to expire between September 5 and March 5 are to be processed for renewal. If a permit expires on March 6, there is nothing that can be done.
Many other immigrant organizations have also scrambled to defend the Dreamers.
Fear of losing everything
With Chirla's help, Melissa spent the past week wading through the paperwork for a renewal application.
When they arrived at dawn at the center, accompanied by their mother and with their pet chihuahua in a bag, they found 20-year-old university student Bryan Soils already waiting. Thanks to DACA, they obtained credit to pay for their college and found legal employment.
He, too, crossed the desert with their mother when they were just seven years old. On their forehead they still bear a small scar from when barbed wire cut them as they crossed the fence.
The Dreamers brought deck chairs, blankets and coffee for their wait in line outside the legal aid center. Despite having no papers, they all feel American.
“I've been able to go ahead and find a good career path, a good job here in the United States, the only country I kind of know as home,” said Pablo Gomez, a mortgage consultant at Wells Fargo bank.
“Removing it, as the Trump administration is trying to do, would probably take that all away from me, and force me to go back to a country I don't know,” they said.
The decision by the Trump administration has forced Congress to reopen the immigration debate, which already broke down in 2001, 2006 and 2013.
“It's actually really scary, because I'm afraid of losing everything I've accomplished so far. I'm hoping and praying to God that things get resolved quickly,” said Jesus Cervantes, a sales rep at a tire distribution company.
“I'm hoping for the Dream Act. I'm hoping that Congress will pass the Dream Act, so that people like me and everybody at the back of the line can have a taste of the American dream,” said Abby Garduque, tearing up.
A resounding “no” is the usual and swift response when the possibility is raised of the Dreamers returning to the countries of their birth.
Leticia's son married an American citizen and now enjoys legal status. They now hope that Melissa's precarious position can be legalized too and they can finally enjoy some peace of mind.
“That way, even if I have to leave, I'll leave happy,” they said.
AFP
U.S. President Donald Trump walks from Marine One as they return from a day trip to Atlanta on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that the United States should be able to boost gross domestic product growth far beyond its current levels over time.
"I really believe it," Trump said in an interview with Fox News. "We're saying 3 (percent) but I say 4 over the next few years. And I say there's no reason we shouldn't be able to get at some point into the future to 5 and above."
Last year the U.S. economy grew 1.6 percent, it's the worst performance since 2011.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by David Alexander)
MOSCOW, April 3 Russian security agencies found an explosive device at a metro station in central St Petersburg and made it safe, the National Anti-Terrorist Committee said in a statement on Monday.
The device was found at the "Ploshchad Vosstaniya" metro station, a different location from where a blast earlier took place.
The Committee also said that nine people were killed and 20 injured in the blast, which took place as a train traveled between the "Sennaya Ploshchad" and "Tekhnologichesky Institut" stations. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; Writing by Christian Lowe; editing by Sujata Rao)
Re-streamed from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeJO7ii_d20 View the lawsuit transcript:
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/042517cw2.pdf View the PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR ORDER OF PROTECTION AND
REQUEST FOR HEARING:
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/57-D.E.-57-Ps-Mtn-for-Ord-of-Protection-6-13-17.pdf Subscribe to MI Casa Es Su Casa MCSC:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFAQyZq0NqfCwVkRQoXpx0A/videos Support Niko D. House on Patreon:
https://www.patreon.com/micasaessucasa Watch on YouTube
Busted Democrats Caught Cheating 2016 | Project Veritas. James Okeef does it again to uncover cheating Democrats. Mainstream Media MSM continues to make fake news or lie about everything just to promote racism and propaganda to go against the people of America. Watch on YouTube
www.undergroundworldnews.com
The important problem is that the Bernie counters recounted everyone, while the Hillary counter was literally recorded telling someone else that they only added newcomers to the count they had before, and then when asked if they recounted everyone, they lied to the organizer and said "Yes". This means that if anyone left the caucus site who was supporting Bernie, then they were removed by Bernie's recounters, but any Hillary supporter who left the caucus site was treated as though they were still there for the purposes of the recount. Thus, artificial inflation of their numbers occurred unless everyone who left was a Bernie delegate, on top of the Hillary campaign surrogate lying to an election official to cover up their (negligent at best, malicious at worst) mistake. And they left the recount up to a Yea Nay vote, which is just ridiculous. http://russia-insider.com/en/politics/voter-fraud-and-missing-precincts-how-clinton-stole-iowa/ri12583 Watch on YouTube
This is what annoys most voters. We all know that Trump is holding down about 90% of the vote, but democrats continue to try to level the playing field by cheating. Shame on Hillary... and more shame on Mainstream media for not carrying this story! Watch on YouTube
For your amusement (actually my own) I present the greatest hits of them cheatin', lying, no good, democrats. Just remember folks that recently the DNC in Michigan were assessed one of the largest fines in FEC history. Cheating on a scale rarely seen, yet these dimwits could not deliver the state to their master, Nana Alzheimer. Combine this with the many retractions that CNN and the NYT (Jayson Blair) were forced to make because of the massive cheating done at the hands of the dimwit democrats makes the democrat look no better than a degenerate liar and cheater. Enjoy this greatest hits package. I know I did.
In closing I will proffer the lying CNN's embarrassing, yet, HYSFUCKINGETRICAL retraction:
“CORRECTION AND UPDATE: This article was published before Comey released their prepared opening statement. The article and headline have been corrected to reflect that Comey does not directly dispute that Trump was told multiple times they were not under investigation in their prepared testimony released after this story was published.”
http://thefreethoughtproject.com/cnn-published-fake-news-comey/
April 20 Atara Biotherapeutics Inc-
* Atara Bio announces positive interim results from ongoing phase 1 trial of the autologous version of ata188 in patients with primary and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (ms) at the american academy of neurology (aan) annual meeting 2017
* Atara Biotherapeutics Inc - look forward to further development of autologous ata188 for patients with ms
* Atara Biotherapeutics Inc - expected initiation of both phase 1 allogeneic ata188 trial and our phase 3 trials of ata129 in second half of year.
* Atara Biotherapeutics Inc - no patient in trial experienced progression of disability; there was no worsening in edss Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
BRASILIA, April 6 Proposed changes to the Brazilian government's pension reform proposal do not threaten an ongoing overhaul of government finances, the finance ministry said in a statement on Thursday.
Brazil's real weakened and local stocks fell on Thursday over doubts whether President Michel Temer will be able to secure approval for a pension reform designed to rebalance the country's depleted accounts. (Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
An armed police officer secures the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
An armed police officer secures the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
CAIRO Egyptian security forces killed seven suspected Islamic State militants in a shootout on Monday as they were meeting to plan attacks on minority Christians, the Interior Ministry said.
The incident in the southern city of Assiut occurred a day after Egypt's cabinet approved a three-month state of emergency in the wake of Islamic State attacks on two Christian Coptic churches that killed at least 44 people.
The seven militants were killed after they opened fire on security forces who approached them as they were meeting to plot further attacks on Christians, the ministry said in a statement. Assiut has a significant Christian population.
Ammunition, weapons, a motorcycle and Islamic State books and publications were found at the scene, the statement said.
General-turned-President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi launched the toughest crackdown on Islamists in Egypt's modern history after toppling President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 following protests against their turbulent year in office.
Sunday's bombings targeted Coptic churches in Alexandria and Tanta and marked one of the bloodiest days in recent memory for Egypt's Christian minority, the largest in the Middle East.
The Copts, whose presence in Egypt dates to the Roman era, have long complained of religious persecution and accused the state of not doing enough to protect them.
(Reporting by Ali Abdelaty; Writing by Amina Ismail; editing by Mark Heinrich)
FILE PHOTO: A Monsanto logo is pictured in the company headquarters in Morges, Switzerland, May 25, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
CHICAGO U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto Co, which is in the process of being bought by Germany's Bayer AG for $66 billion, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday, helped by strong demand for its soybean and corn seeds.
Monsanto's shares were up 1.6 percent at $115.84 after earlier hitting a 22-month high of $116.37.
The world's largest seed supplier said sales of corn seeds and traits rose 8 percent, while sales of soybean seeds and traits jumped 10.2 percent in the second quarter ended Feb. 28, as farmers in the United States prepare to plant the largest combined corn and soybean acres on record. Robust late-season seed demand in South America further propelled gains.
Monsanto agreed in September to a $128-per-share buyout offer from Bayer that, if approved by regulators, would create a company commanding more than a quarter of the world market for seeds and pesticides.
The deal came amid a wave of consolidation in the seeds and agrochemicals industry. Along with earlier mergers linking Dow Chemical with DuPont and ChemChina with Syngenta AG, the sector may ultimately be dominated by just four large companies.
ChemChina's acquisition of Syngenta won conditional approval from U.S. and European Union antitrust authorities this week. The EU signed off on the Dow and DuPont deal last week, provided certain conditions are met.
Monsanto said it remains confident its deal will pass regulatory muster and is on track to close by the end of 2017.
"We are heartened to see the deals ahead of us making progress," Chief Executive Hugh Grant said. "The unique thing about this deal is there a very limited amount overlap."
Reuters reported last month that the two companies were launching asset sales worth $2.5 billion as they seek regulatory clearance.
Monsanto, best known for Roundup herbicide and genetically-engineered corn and soybeans, also said it now expects full-year ongoing earnings per share at the high end of its forecast range of $4.50 to $4.90 per share for the 2017 fiscal year.
Net profit attributable to Monsanto rose to $1.37 billion, or $3.09 per share, in the second quarter, from $1.06 billion, or $2.41 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, Monsanto earned $3.19 per share, topping analysts' average estimate of $2.79 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net sales rose 12 percent to $5.07 billion. Analysts on average had expected sales of $4.73 billion.
(Additional reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Marguerita Choy)
The recently published report titled Global Capillary Rheometer Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Capillary Rheometer considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Capillary Rheometer Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Capillary Rheometer. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Capillary Rheometer provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Capillary Rheometer also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/343306
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Capillary Rheometer
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Capillary Rheometer
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Capillary Rheometer Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Capillary Rheometer
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Capillary Rheometer
1.1.1 Definition of Capillary Rheometer
1.1.2 Specifications of Capillary Rheometer
1.2 Classification of Capillary Rheometer
1.2.1 Single-barrel
1.2.2 Multi-barrel
1.3 Applications of Capillary Rheometer
1.3.1 Universities
1.3.2 Research Institute
1.3.3 Factories
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Capillary Rheometer
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Capillary Rheometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Capillary Rheometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Capillary Rheometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Capillary Rheometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Capillary Rheometer Overall Market Overviews
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Capillary Rheometer Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Capillary Rheometer Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Capillary Rheometer Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Capillary Rheometer Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Capillary Rheometer Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Capillary Rheometer Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Capillary Rheometer Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Capillary Rheometer Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Capillary Rheometer Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Capillary Rheometer Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 By Barrel of Capillary Rheometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 By Working Principle of Capillary Rheometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Capillary Rheometer Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Capillary Rheometer Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Capillary Rheometer Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Universities of Capillary Rheometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Research Institute of Capillary Rheometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Factories of Capillary Rheometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
8.1 Malvern
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 Malvern 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 Malvern 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 Goettfert
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 Goettfert 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 Goettfert 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Dynisco
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Dynisco 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Dynisco 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 Alpha
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 Alpha 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 Alpha 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Instron
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Instron 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Instron 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 SHIMADZU
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 SHIMADZU 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 SHIMADZU 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Thermo Fisher
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Thermo Fisher 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Thermo Fisher 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 Imatek
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 Imatek 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 Imatek 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 Intelligent Instrument
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 Intelligent Instrument 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 Intelligent Instrument 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Huayang Equipment
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Huayang Equipment 2016 Capillary Rheometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Huayang Equipment 2016 Capillary Rheometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Capillary Rheometer Market
9.1 Global Capillary Rheometer Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Capillary Rheometer Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Capillary Rheometer Consumption Forecast
9.3 Capillary Rheometer Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Capillary Rheometer Market Trend (Application)
10 Capillary Rheometer Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Capillary Rheometer Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Capillary Rheometer International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Capillary Rheometer by Region
10.4 Capillary Rheometer Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Capillary Rheometer
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Capillary Rheometer Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/343306
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
April 10 Synchro Food Co Ltd
* Says it will offer an off-floor distribution of 435,000 shares of its stock at the price of 1,177 yen per share, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on April 11
* Says the limitation for purchase of the distribution is up to 100 shares for each customer
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/eJ9RQi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
Future Market Insights has recently announced the publication of a market research report that covers the global market for smart water bottles in great details. The report, titled “Smart Water Bottle Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2014–2020,” states that the market will register a staggering 27.50% CAGR from 2014 to 2024. If the numbers hold true, the market will rise from a valuation of US$ 2.5 mn in 2014 to US$10.7 mn by 2020.
Some of the leading factors expected to drive the market are the rising global population of health-conscious people, the rising spending power of the global population, and the increased demand for smart fitness devices across developed as well as developing economies.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-376
The report segments the global smart water bottle market on the basis of criteria such as technology and geography. On the basis of technology, the report covers such segments of the market as external hardware, inbuilt sensors/equipment, and hydration tracking apps. Of these, the report states that the segment of external hardware, including products such as sensor bands and smart caps compatible with most standard water bottles, accounted for the dominant share over nearly 58% of the overall revenue valuation of the market in 2014. The segment is also expected to remain the top revenue grosser in the global market over the report's forecast period, increasing by a 590 basis point share and a CAGR of 6.8% from 2015 through 2020.
The segment of bottles with in-built capability of undertaking a variety of tasks associated with the idea of smart water bottles, such as notifying the user of the level of hydration based on the amount of water consumed over a specific period, sharing real-time data with smart operating devices, and maintaining the temperature of water in the bottle, accounted for the second-largest share in the market in 2014. With over 40% of the market, the segment continues to be one of the most lucrative segment in the global smart water bottle market. The segment of applications, or the software solutions made for easy analysis of data collected by smart water bottles, accounted for the least share in the market in 2014 but is expected to exhibit an impressive 32.2% CAGR from 2015 to 2020, the highest of all technology segments.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-376
From a geographical standpoint, the report examines the market for smart water bottle for regions such as Latin America, North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, and Middle East and Africa. Of these, the market in North America holds the dominant share in the global market and is also likely to retain its top position in the market over the report's forecast period, followed by the market in Europe. The leading position of the North America market is chiefly attributed to the higher acceptance to advanced and innovative technologies along with the high purchasing power of the population.
The report also presents a thorough analytical account of the vendor landscape of the market, furnishing details such as recent developments and business strategies along with detailed business profiles of some of the leading vendors operating in the overall market. Since the market is in its nascent stage of development, the number of competitors is presently less but the market could get crowded in the next few years as companies start realizing the growth opportunities in the market. Some of the leading vendors operating in the global smart water bottle market are HydraCoach, BluFit, and Caktus Inc.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/smart-water-bottle-market
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* European stocks rise as risk appetite gradually returns
* Nikkei skids 1 pct as yen climbs to five-month peak
* Gold holds gains, US Treasury yields at lows for the year
* Growing unease over North Korea, Syria and Russia
* China's Xi stresses peaceful solution in call with Trump
* Oil at highest in five weeks with eyes on OPEC
By Marc Jones
LONDON, April 12 A break in alarming political news lifted European stocks on Wednesday and cooled a safe-haven rally that saw the yen and gold at five-month highs and top-rated government bond yields at their lowest this year.
The mood remained skittish though, tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global economic growth, and meant that what looked set to be oil's longest winning run since August went almost under the radar.
An early 0.5 percent rise for Europe's STOXX 600 share index put it on course for its best day of the month. The rise in oil underpinned energy stocks while banks and carmakers also made ground.
"It is a modest rebound," said Rabobank strategist Philip Marey. "We have discounted much of the news like the conflict between the Americans and the Russian on Syria and Trump's tweets on North Korea, so maybe its time to move on."
E-mini futures for the S&P 500 also turned firmer having spent the Asian session in the red. Japan's Nikkei had slid just over 1 percent as a rising yen weighed on exporters' shares.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan saw a late rally though Shanghai closed down 0.4 percent as China reported a slight slowdown in producer price inflation.
In contrast, gold climbed as far as $1,280.30 at one stage, its highest since Nov. 10.
"A degree of uncertainty has found its way into previously seemingly bulletproof financial markets," wrote analysts at ANZ.
"There is clearly some nervousness out there, with tensions around North Korea ratcheting higher and adding to an already heightened geopolitical environment. Global cyclical assets have not yet responded, but that can't last."
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump.
North Korea has warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of aggression as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the Korean peninsula - a force Trump described as an "armada". Japan's navy also plans joint drills with the U.S. force, sources told Reuters.
Trump said in a Tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the U.S. would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The bellicose language has dragged South Korean stocks and the won to four-week lows and caused jitters across Asia.
At the same time, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Moscow to denounce Russian support for Syria's Bashar al-Assad, raising the stakes in the Middle East.
A joint news conference by Trump and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg was also likely to generate headlines.
YEN FADES
The yen, a favoured harbour in times of stress due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation, also cooled in Europe after having surged over 1.2 percent against the dollar on Tuesday.
The dollar huddled at 109.72 yen, having been as low as 109.35 at one stage. Dealers warned there was little in the way of chart support until the 200-day moving average at 108.72.
The euro steadied too, having dropped to its lowest in five months at 115.91 yen. It was looking to snap 11 straight sessions of losses, a record for the single currency. It was shade higher on the dollar at $1.0618.
Political uncertainty in France added to the euro's woes as hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon surged in the polls ahead of the May presidential election.
All this unease boosted bonds with yields on 10-year Treasuries boasting their lowest close of the year on Tuesday. Yields were last at 2.29 percent and testing a hugely important barrier on the charts.
European yields nudged only cautiously upwards despite the easier mood in other assets, as nearly 16 billion euros of upcoming debt sales weighing on risk-averse, holiday-thinned markets.
Wall Street's futures prices ticked higher as investors wagered on an upbeat earnings season, which kicks off this week with a handful of banks.
Analysts expect earnings for all S&P 500 companies to have risen 10 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Oil's winning streak got an added lift from reports Saudi Arabia was lobbying OPEC and other producers to extend a production cut beyond the first half of 2017.
Global benchmark Brent edged up 30 cents to $56.53 a barrel, while U.S. crude added 25 cents to $53.66. If sustained, this would be the longest stretch of gains since August 2016.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
(Adds background on Senegal, details)
PARIS/DAKAR May 2 Total has signed an agreement to explore for oil and gas off Senegal's Atlantic coast, boosting the prospect of major oil developments in the West African country.
Under the deal Total will explore in the deepwater Rufisque Offshore Profond Block where it will be the operator with a 90 percent stake and Senegal's state-run oil company Petrosen will hold the remaining 10 percent.
The two parties also agreed to cooperate on exploration in "ultra-deep" offshore waters, with the potential for Total to become an operator there too.
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Senegal is on the verge of an oil and gas boom, as newly discovered oil and gas fields are expected to begin production within the next decade. Companies including British-based Cairn Energy and Dallas-based Kosmos Energy have reported a string of successful finds that could transform Senegal's agricultural economy.
"These agreements are part of the group's strategy to carry out exploration activities in new deepwater basins in Africa," Total's chief executive Patrick Pouyanne said in a statement.
Total's investment marks a new direction in Senegal where it currently owns 174 service stations but has no actual production, and fits with its goal of making cheaper investments with the hope of greater returns.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva in Paris and Edward McAllister in Dakar. Editing by Jane Merriman and David Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE: 9.43am:
A "VERY slow moving" trough over eastern Queensland will likely intensify this afternoon, a Bureau of Metrology weather expert says.
BoM meteorologist Brett Harrison said it's too early to tell if they'd release Gladstone warnings but, if they did, it would likely be for flash flooding from a deluge.
"If we do it's more likely to be a result of heavy rain," they said. "Heavy rain possibly leading to flash flooding."
FORECAST: A radar image shows the Gladstone region copping the brunt of a rain band.
Mr Harrison said heavier showers had taken an unexpected turn to the region's south but the downpour would likely ramp up in Gladstone this afternoon.
"During this afternoon we'll see it building up and there's a risk of thunderstorms as well," they said.
They said the Bureau currently expects about 20-30mm today.
The upper-level trough hanging over eastern Queensland is bringing a soggy few days to much of Queensland coastline.
But what sets Capricornia apart is the surface drop that is helping the rain develop.
More to come
EARLIER:
RAIN is pouring over Gladstone.
But Storm Chasers are banking on the weather to ramp up by tomorrow afternoon with rain pockets likely bringing moderate falls and storms.
Radar images from Higgins Storm Chasing suggest the Gladstone region is at the epi-centre of a rain band heading for large swathes of Central Queensland and the Wide Bay regions.
But after much toing and froing, weather experts with the Bureau of Meteorology have pushed back their prediction for heavy rain to Wednesday.
The Bureau has dramatically overhauled its forecast for Wednesday, increasing the likely rainfall from 35mm, the figure released yesterday, to heavy falls of 70mm today.
That figure is within a range of 20mm-70mm.
But the Bureau's weather experts have wound back their Tuesday forecast from 90mm to 45mm.
BoM is still forecasting the possibility of storms from today up until Wednesday.
Already, 3mm has fallen on Gladstone since 3am this morning, the bulk of which fell in the 11 minutes to 3.11am when Gladstone Airport picked up 1.8mm.
BoM were yesterday forecasting a maximum of 25mm to fall on Gladstone from 9am today to 9am tomorrow, and a minimum of 8mm.
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man” from their forthcoming album, Wonderful Wonderful.
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on their younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man they are now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
April 6 Co-op
* Ceo says "very supportive" of bank sale process, "hopeful a good bidder will come forward"
* Ceo says need to strike balance between suppporting suppliers and keeping a lid on inflation
* Ceo says tracking inflation in food at 1.5-2 percent at moment, inflation growth has slowed slightly in last few weeks
* Says writedown on co-op bank value not influenced by any discussions with co-op bank
* Ceo says as a minority shareholder expects to "get some value" if the bank is sold
* Ceo says profitability in core business in the next 12 months "will be close to where it is today" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By London Bureau)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Haima Automobile Group Co Ltd
* Says it and units accumulatively received subsidy of 99 million yuan from the government in 2017
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/GoQEb5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HARRISBURG, Pa., April 29 U.S. President Donald Trump hit the road on Saturday to celebrate their first 100 days in the White House with cheering supporters at a campaign-style rally, touting their initial achievements and lashing out at critics who have given their tenure poor marks.
Trump told a Pennsylvania crowd they were just getting started on meeting their campaign promises. They repeatedly attacked an "incompetent, dishonest" media, saying they were not telling the truth about their administration's accomplishments.
"My administration has been delivering every single day for the great citizens of our country," Trump said in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. "We are keeping one promise after another, and frankly the people are really happy about it."
The rally occurred on the same day as a climate march at which thousands of protesters surrounded the White House, and it also coincided with the annual black-tie White House press dinner in Washington.
Trump and their staff chose to skip the press dinner because of what they said was unfair treatment by the press. Trump said they were thrilled to be away from the "Washington swamp".
"A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation's capital right now," Trump said to loud boos from the crowd. "If the media's job is to be honest and to tell the truth, the media deserves a very, very big fat failing grade."
Trump listed what they said were some of their key early accomplishments, including the successful confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court of Justice Neil Gorsuch and clearing away many regulations on the environment and business.
They also listed their approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, killing a pending Asian trade pact, and enhanced security measures that have led to a sharp decline in illegal border crossings at the southern border.
"The world is getting the message: if you try to illegally enter the United States, you will be caught, detained, deported or put in prison," Trump said.
They shrugged off their failure to score major legislative victories on their core campaign promises, such as repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and construction of a Mexican border wall. Trump's ban on visitors from some Muslim nations was blocked in court.
They blamed Democrats for the legislative failures so far and said all of their promises would be kept eventually.
"We'll build the wall people, don't even worry about it," they said.
Some supporters in the crowd said they were willing to give Trump more time.
"I voted for them and I'll give them a year. That's enough time to whip Congress into shape and get some deals done," said Michael Casciaro, 54, a civilian contractor for the military.
Trump said they reversed course on promises to name China a currency manipulator because they wanted China's help in trying to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile development. Trump has said all options are on the table if Pyongyang persists in its nuclear development.
In an excerpt of an interview with "Face the Nation" of CBS, set to air on Sunday and Monday and conducted during the trip to Pennsylvania, Trump said they would "not be happy" if North Korea conducted a nuclear test. Asked if that would mean military action, Trump said "I don't know, I mean we'll see."
Reveling in the cheers in Harrisburg, Trump made reference again to their upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the crucial swing state of Pennsylvania, which they said "carried us to a big, beautiful win on Nov. 8."
Trump left Washington as another in a series of protests against their administration was winding up. Thousands of marchers made their way through Washington's streets during the People's Climate March, a protest against Trump's moves to roll back environmental regulations.
Asked by reporters accompanying them to Pennsylvania what they had to say to the climate change protesters, Trump said: "Enjoy the day, enjoy the weather." (Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington; Writing by John Whitesides; Editing by xx)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
MANCHESTER It will be a Premier League game in all but name when Newcastle United face Leeds United at St James' Park on Friday, with two of the traditional powers of northern English football seeking a return to the top flight.
Newcastle, relegated from the Premier League last season, are second in the Championship and well placed for an immediate return, while Leeds, in fifth place, will look to get through the play-offs and end their 13 years in the lower divisions.
The two clubs have histories that make them known well beyond their passionate local support bases.
Both are both former champions of England, with Leeds having won the last title before the creation of the Premier League in 1992.
They have both won European trophies - Leeds twice capturing the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, the forerunner of today's Europa League, while Newcastle won the same competition in 1969.
In more recent years, the clubs have featured in the Champions League, which Newcastle's Spanish manager Rafa Benitez won as manager of Liverpool in 2005.
While Benitez and Newcastle have quickly healed the pain of relegation with a strong challenge for direct promotion this season, life outside the Premier League has been tough for Leeds.
The financial troubles which caused the team's relegation from the top flight in 2004 were also to blame for a slump into the third tier (League One) for three seasons, until they returned to the Championship in 2007.
It has hardly been smooth progress since, with instability at both boardroom and managerial level reflected in lower half finishes in the past five campaigns.
But manager Garry Monk has succeeded this year in keeping the team well within the play-off positions throughout the campaign, even if they are wary of raising expectations of promotion this season.
"That will always be the ambition of the club, it's a huge club. The ambition will always be to get this club back in the Premier League. But it doesn't just happen," they said this week.
"That's what we are trying to do. But we are not thinking about that, we are only thinking about this weekend. Overall we have exceeded expectation, the group has improved massively."
Newcastle won the corresponding fixture at Elland Road in November 2-0 thanks to two goals from their impressive striker Dwight Gayle, who misses Friday's match due to injury.
The match drew the first sell-out crowd for Leeds in several years and Monk believes their team were overawed by the occasion.
"Maybe we played the occasion a little bit and didn't have our full focus on the football. We want to go up there and make sure we don't make the same mistake," they said.
Newcastle are well used to playing in front of their capacity 52,000 home crowd and their squad still has plenty of top-flight experience.
Benitez knows the job has to be finished off but believes Newcastle has a bright future ahead of them.
"The fans are incredible, the stadium is superb, the staff, everything is in place to allow this club to achieve great things," they said recently.
"But first we have to reach the target, we have to remain focused on only one thing and that is securing promotion".
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
An EasyJet passenger aircraft makes its final approach for landing in Colomiers near Toulouse, Southwestern France, November 24, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
LONDON Britain's easyJet (EZJ.L) said it wanted a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the European Union as a minimum in a Brexit deal.
The low-cost airline also said it was close to announcing its license application for a EU Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) that will ensure it can maintain its flying rights within the EU once Britain leaves.
Britain formally triggered the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday, and many airlines fear disruption if a aviation deal is not sorted quickly.
"When the UK leaves the EU, easyJet's minimum requirement will be a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the EU which will allow UK airlines to fly to Europe and European airlines to fly to the UK," easyJet said in a statement.
Irish airline Ryanair (RYA.I) said flights between Britain and the EU risked being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritize a new aviation deal in Brexit negotiations.
EasyJet said it would have three AOCs - UK, Swiss and EU - in the future, which will protect all its current network of flights.
However headquarters would remain in Luton, just north of London, the statement said, and it would remain listed on the London Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout, Editing by Paul Sandle)
FOREX-Dollar gains as Fed sticks to guns on policy tightening
LONDON, June 15 The dollar inched higher on Thursday, with expectations of another Federal Reserve rate hike this year kept alive by a policy meeting that also pointed the way to a trimming of the huge emergency funds pumped into the economy since 2009.
(Repeats to additional customers with no changes to text)
By Deena Beasley
April 3 Newer cancer drugs that enlist the body's immune system are improving the odds of survival, but competition between them is not reining in prices that can now top $250,000 a year.
The drugs' success for patients is the result of big bets in cancer therapy made by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co Inc and Roche Holding AG, among others in big pharma. The industry's pipeline of cancer drugs expanded by 63 percent between 2005 and 2015, according to the QuintilesIMS Institute, and a good number are reaching the market.
The global market for cancer immunotherapies alone is expected to grow more than fourfold globally to $75.8 billion by 2022 from $16.9 billion in 2015, according to research firm GlobalData. For a graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2omboI1
"For cancer drugs in general ... it is hard for us to drive down cost," said Steve Miller, chief medical officer at Express Scripts Holding Co, the nation's largest manager of drug benefit plans for employers and insurers. "You don't want to be in the position of being told to use the second best cancer drug for your child."
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, and President Donald Trump, have been grappling with how to restrain rising prescription drug costs. They have talked about solutions ranging from more price negotiation to faster approval of new drugs, often invoking increased competition between drugmakers.
"Competition is key to lowering drug prices," Trump told pharmaceutical executives at an Oval Office meeting in January.
But that is not happening with new drugs called checkpoint inhibitors that work by releasing a molecular brake, allowing the immune system to recognize and attack cancer cells the same way it fights infections caused by bacteria or viruses.
For cancers like melanoma, the treatments can mean long-term survival for around 20 percent of patients.
Bristol's Yervoy, first approved in 2011, targets a protein known as CTLA-4. Other immunotherapies, including Bristol's Opdivo, Keytruda from Merck, Roche's Tecentriq, and Pfizer Inc's Bavencio, involve a different protein called PD-1.
Other targets are being explored. Some new data will be presented this week in Washington at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting.
Current checkpoint inhibitors each have a list price near $150,000 a year. A combination of Yervoy and Opdivo, approved by the Food and Drug Administration for advanced or inoperable melanoma, has a cost of $256,000 a year for patients who respond to the treatment.
Similar immunotherapies are in development at companies like AstraZeneca Plc. Merck, which declined to comment on pricing plans, expects an FDA decision by May 10 on its combination of Keytruda and chemotherapy as an initial treatment for the most common form of lung cancer - by far the biggest market for cancer drugs.
Pfizer said Bavencio, cleared by the FDA earlier this month to treat Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare type of skin cancer, has a price "comparable to other checkpoint inhibitors approved for different indications."
The pharmaceutical industry holds that discussion of prescription drug prices has to take into account the major investment required for innovation and discovery of new lifesaving drugs.
"UNRESTRAINED PRICING POWER"
Scientific progress, and pricing power, are driving pharmaceutical companies to emphasize oncology research.
"Most of the strategy on the part of pharmaceutical companies assumes unrestrained pricing power," said Dr. Peter Bach, director of Memorial Sloan Kettering's Center for Health Policy Outcomes in New York. "We don't see evidence that companies are pursuing cost-effective strategies."
Health insurers have had success in demanding price concessions in some drug categories - like diabetes, where several companies sell similar products and insurers are able to negotiate price discounts or rebates in exchange for coverage.
According to IMS, that tactic capped the overall rise in spending on diabetes medicines at 8 percent in 2015, compared with an increase of 30 percent in billed invoices. All of the invoice price growth for insulin was offset by price cuts, the institute said.
But discounting is much less common for newer, innovative cancer drugs, mostly given by injection and approved for defined patient populations.
Net price growth for branded oncology drugs averaged 4.8 percent in 2015, versus 6.4 percent for invoices, according to IMS.
Express Scripts' Miller and others said makers of new cancer medications enjoy pricing power due to coverage requirements, insurance plan structure and a lack of head-to-head comparison studies.
"Cancer drugs don't compete on price," said Dr. Aaron Kesselheim, a researcher at Harvard Medical School and author of several studies of drug pricing. "Drug companies have market exclusivity and we require payers to cover cancer drugs - Medicare has six protected classes, including cancer."
Medicare, the federal government's healthcare plan for seniors and the disabled, covers most prescription drugs under its "Part D" pharmacy benefits. The plans are required to cover all drugs in six classes: cancer, HIV, antidepressants, antispychotics, seizure disorders like epilepsy, and immune system suppressants for people undergoing organ transplantation.
Trump met recently with Representatives Elijah Cummings and Peter Welch, both Democrats, to discuss draft legislation allowing the government to negotiate Medicare drug prices - but the bill preserves the six protected classes.
In addition, drugs given by injection, including many cancer therapies, are covered under Medicare's main medical benefit.
Bristol disappointed investors when it did not pursue accelerated FDA review of the Opdivo/Yervoy combination for newly-diagnosed lung cancer - putting Merck ahead in the lucrative lung cancer market.
"All of the immunotherapies have similar price points," said Miller at Express Scripts. "When you stack therapies, it means more expense for patients and (health) plan sponsors."
(Editing by Edward Tobin)
April 20 Amrest Holdings SE:
* Preliminary sales generated by Amrest group in Q1 amounted to 1.15 billion zlotys ($289.94 million) which was a 33.7 pct increase compared to the corresponding period of 2016
* Growth of group's revenues in Q1 was supported by the consolidation of the results of Starbucks chain in Germany acquired on May 23, 2016, and 15 KFC restaurants taken over in Germany on March 1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9663 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
FOREX-Commodity bloc rally deepens in wait for Fed
LONDON, June 14 The dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of a Federal Reserve policy statement widely expected to raise interest rates for the third time in six months but also to signal doubts over how soon it may make its next move.
* STOXX 600 up 0.2 pct
* Banks boost European stocks
* Unilever gains after Q1 sales beat
* Man Group top gainer after Q1 assets rise 10 pct
* Abertis up as market weighs Atlantia's takeover plan (ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon - see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
By Helen Reid
LONDON, April 20 European shares edged higher on Thursday as strong results from Unilever lifted bluechip consumers staples stocks and helped offset weakness in the energy sector.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.3 percent by 0730GMT. The UK's FTSE 100 was down 0.1 percent.
Banks were the top sectoral gainers for a second consecutive session, up 0.6 percent. UBS on Wednesday upgraded European banks to 'neutral' from 'underweight', citing rising reflation expectations and a seemingly more benign regulatory environment.
Unilever helped drive UK and European benchmarks, after the consumer sector bellwether posted a first-quarter sales beat, helped by price increases.
The gains by Unilever, which earlier this year rejected a hostile takeover bid by U.S. firm Kraft Heinz, supported the personal and household goods sector which rose up 0.4 percent.
"Margins are where it really counts for Unilever as it tries to shore up its defences against another bidder who can promise higher margins and better return on equity," said ETX Capital analyst Neil Wilson.
"Unilever is aiming at an underlying operating margin of 20 percent by 2020, underpinned by growth in emerging markets. The first quarter update suggests it's on track but risks remain."
Nestle shares rose 0.7 percent after it maintained a modest 2-4 percent growth target for underlying sales, slightly less than Unilever's.
Shares in Spanish infrastructure company Abertis rose 3.3 percent, among top European gainers, as the market weighed Italian peer Atlantia's plan to take over the company.
Deutsche Bank downgraded both stocks from buy to hold. "We believe the market could apply a risk discount to Atlantia on the possibility of a take-over bid premium," said analysts at the bank.
Atlantia shares were down 1 percent.
Energy sector stocks were in the red, reeling from a sharp slide in oil prices overnight. Lundin Petroleum and Tullow Oil were among the top fallers in the sector .
In another sign of a better backdrop for the asset management industry, British hedge fund Man Group shares rose 2.9 percent after it reported net inflows over the first quarter.
"This is a very strong start to the year that is likely to lead to consensus upgrades," said Liberum analysts.
Earlier this week peer fund manager Ashmore posted net inflows for the first time in nearly three years, and on Wednesday Henderson posted first quarter results, showing assets were cushioned by market gains in the period.
Pandora was up 5.6 percent, regaining ground after a broker downgrade hit it earlier in the week. The company updated its financial reporting structure, confirming its 2017 outlook.
Swedish packaging firm Billerudkorsnas gained 4.3 percent after it posted first-quarter profits in line with forecasts, saying it expected strong demand in the current quarter.
Construction equipment rental company Ashtead fell 3.7 percent after its U.S. peer United Rentals' results disappointed.
France's CAC 40 outperformed peers, rising 0.6 percent with banks BNP Paribas and Société Générale among top gainers, up 2.9 and 1.9 percent respectively. (Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Richard Lough)
Australian comedian Rebel Wilson wins defamation suit
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian comedian Rebel Wilson has won a defamation suit against a global magazine publisher after the Victorian Supreme Court found a series of articles alleging they were a serial liar had damaged their career, local media reported on Thursday.
May 2 A U.S. banking regulator has increased its claim against Bank of America Corp by $583 million in a dispute over deposit insurance and interest, the second-largest U.S. bank disclosed on Tuesday in its first-quarter financial filing.
The claim by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp now totals more than $1.1 billion.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
LONDON (Reuters) - If money decided the title, City would already be crowned champions after splashing more than 200 million pounds on reinforcements this summer.
Even though their opponents, Brighton & Hove Albion, had broken their own transfer record three times this window, the Seagulls' outlay was roughly one-tenth that of City -- forcing them to mind the gap.
What Pep Guardiola has really bought themselves is options, with three debutants in the starting XI and a further 206 million pounds' worth of talent on the bench.
After a frustrating first half, which highlighted City's failures up front from last season, change was always going to come, and the breakthrough arrived within minutes of the introduction of Leroy Sané in the 68th minute.
The scorer was all too familiar, with Sergio Aguero capitalising on a delightful pass from David Silva.
Before the game Guardiola spoke cryptically about not always playing Aguero and Jesus up front but on Saturday they gave Brighton the full double blast, which paid off -- eventually.
When and how to employ the pair may define Guardiola's season.
Afterwards the manager was predictably delighted with all the riches at their disposal and promised that City will "improve the way we attack" this season.
Their fullbacks will be crucial to that game plan, with former Tottenham defender Kyle Walker providing the pace out wide so obviously missing last season.
Danilo, a right-footed left back, was less impressive but they are likely to play second fiddle to Benjamin Mendy once the Frenchman recovers from the thigh strain that kept them out on Saturday.
"I was very happy with the new players. I want to say thank you to the club," Guardiola said. "We have huge players with lots of talent. Big congratulations to all the people in Manchester City -- we are a strong club."
Arguably, no manager is under greater pressure this season than the Spaniard, who after one trophyless campaign knows they must deliver something special.
TWITTER SPAT
Dressed rather like an American college student in beige trousers, a black top and white pumps, they cut a relaxed figure on the touchline, knowing, perhaps, that there would be tougher tests ahead.
Their biggest problem may be keeping everyone happy as they tweak their teamsheet. With so much talent at their disposal, City's players know they have limited time to impress.
"I want to continue with what we did in the last three games of pre-season," said Guardiola. "We were stable but we have to try to improve. The most important thing was to win the first game."
The only sour note for City was a tweet from Mendy, saying: "Bullet header" in reference to Lewis Dunk's own goal. TV pundits criticised it as "disrespectful".
Perhaps Guardiola will have to find the Frenchman something more constructive to do next week.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
April 3 Qumu Corp:
* Harbert Discovery Fund LP reports 6.2 percent stake in Qumu Corp as of March 24, 2017
* Harbert Discovery Fund LP - purchased securities of Qumu Corp based on their belief that the securities were "undervalued"
* Harbert Discovery Fund LP -anticipate having further conversations with members of Qumu's management, board regarding possible ways to enhance shareholder value Source text:(bit.ly/2ovjMb3) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Cognex Corp
* Cognex acquires maker of deep learning software for industrial machine vision
* Cognex Corp says transaction is not expected to have a material impact on Cognex's financial results in 2017 or 2018
* Cognex Corp - upon closing, Vidi systems became part of Cognex's vision products business unit
* Cognex Corp says that it has acquired Vidi systems SA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON British consumer goods group Reckitt Benckiser Group (RB.L) is working with Morgan Stanley (MS.N) on the sale of its food business, which could fetch roughly $3 billion (2.4 billion pounds), sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday.
The process will kick off soon, said the sources, who declined to be identified, as the matter is private.
Reckitt, which confirmed earlier this month that it was exploring options for the business, declined to comment, as did Morgan Stanley.
Reckitt is expected to use proceeds of the sale, which includes French's mustard and Frank's RedHot sauce, to pay down debt following its $16.6 billion purchase of Mead Johnson (MJN.N).
(Reporting by Martinne Geller. Editing by Jane Merriman)
DUBAI, April 13 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump comments, North Korea fears sink dollar, bond yields, stocks choppy
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Q1 results buoy banks; Zain Saudi soars on record profit
* Crude oil eases for 2nd day on rising U.S. production
* PRECIOUS-Gold hits 5-mth high on weaker dollar, geopolitical tensions
* Middle East Crude-Al-Shaheen kicks off June trade at weaker levels
* U.S.-Russia relations at another low after Syria attacks
* Lebanese president blocks expected extension of parliament's term
* Libya's Wafa oil and gas field reopens, force majeure lifted - NOC
* OPEC over-delivers on oil cuts in March, but sees more from rivals
* Ex-president Ahmadinejad submits name for Iranian presidential election
* Ai Weiwei calls on Gulf states to do more to help Syrian refugees
* Algeria warily edges towards Islamic finance as energy income dives
* Turkey's Simsek says fiscal policy easing temporary, rapid improvement seen in H2
* South Sudan war puts neighbour's tolerance of refugees to the test
EGYPT
* Average yields on Egyptian T-bills rise at auction
* Telecom Egypt to pay 1 Egyptian pound per share dividend on April 27
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi Arabia sets size of debut dollar sukuk at $9 bln
* Banque Saudi Fransi Q1 net profit rises 2.4 pct, beating forecasts
* TABLE-Saudi Arabia Q1 earnings estimates
* Zain Saudi reports first quarterly profit, beats forecasts
* Saudi British Bank posts 9.3 pct profit drop, meets forecasts
* Saudi Aramco to supply full crude contract volumes to Asia, offers more light oil
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Abu Dhabi's property market under pressure from sluggish economy
* UAE's Mashreq Q1 net profit up 2.7 pct
* Siemens to set up global logistics headquarters in Dubai
* UAE's Union National Bank Q1 2017 profit flat, beats estimates
* TABLE-UAE's Fujairah oil inventory data for week ended April 10
* First Abu Dhabi Bank cuts up to 20 jobs in global markets -sources
KUWAIT
* Kuwait's Alimtiaz raises $120 mln from HumanSoft stake sale
OMAN
* Oman's Ahli Bank to issue 50 mln rials perpetual bonds (Reporting By Dubai Newsroom)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two goals from Jota and one from Che Adams gave Birmingham City three vital points at St Andrew's.
It also snapped a seven game losing streak and for the first time in a while arrested Blues' Championship descent.
They now head into the international break in much more confident mood.
STARTING FORMATION 4-4-2
STOCKDALE 6.5
Had virtually nothing to do in the first half other than keep things calm with their proficient kicking. One save and a couple of crosses in the second. No dramas.
HARDING 7.5
Up against the electric Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson - and left their mark with a brutal challenge which was worthy of their yellow card. But once they settled it was a composed debut.
MORRISON 7.5
Absolutely critical sweeping up as Wilson looked to have been poked through on the half hour. Stood tall after the break, their most comfortable game for a long time.
DEAN 7
Like Morrison looked more assured than in recent games as Hull asked no real difficult questions. Won their headers and made their tackles.
COLIN 8
Their best display at left back. Played a part in Adams' goal but more importantly kept things battened down on the left and got forward well.
JOTA 8
Showed great determination to meet Adams' cross in the box for their first goal and finished coolly for their second. A really promising display.
KIEFTENBELD 7
Unlucky when one shot from distance flicked wide. Their best performance for several weeks as they scrapped and scurried in the middle.
GARDNER 6
Looked to be playing well before they hobbled off just before the half hour. Read the game well and made sure the ball went forward to the right players.
MAGHOMA 7.5
Gave Ola Aina a really difficult afternoon. Replaced with a quarter of an hour to go but deserved their standing ovation after an energetic and committed display.
*ADAMS 8
Best performance of the season. Set up Jota's goal but could have had a first half hat-trick himself. Their impudent chip brought the goal their display deserved.
JUTKIEWICZ 7.5
Gave Michael Dawson and Ondrej Mazuch a real run for their money. Worked tirelessly, won heaps of headers and gave a real focal pont to the team.
SUBSTITUTES
NDOYE (for Gardner, 28) 6
Pretty solid in the middle and although they sometimes gave the ball away, they also won it back too.
BOGA (for Maghoma, 75) 5
Lots of dribbling - not always in the right places.
DAVIS (for Jutkiewicz, 82) 6
Came on as the closer and will be better for their cameo.
Not used: Kuszczak, Roberts, Seddon, Lowe.
OPPOSITION
HULL (4-2-3-1): McGregor; Aina, Dawson, Mazuch, Clark; Larsson, Henriksen; Bowen, Irvine (Campbell 57), Wilson (Grosicki 76); Hernandez (Toral 73). Not used: Marshall, Hector, Meyler, Tomori.
GOALS
BLUES: Jota (12, 59), Adams (48)
THE REF: T Harrington (Cleveland)
ATTENDANCE: 22,970 (1,721 away)
NEXT UP: Ipswich (h), Saturday, March 31, kick-off 3pm
LONDON, April 6 Yields on the Czech Republic's crown-denominated sovereign debt rose across the curve on Thursday while the country's euro bond yields broadly fell after the central bank removed its cap on the crown against the euro.
Yields on the local two-year issue were up 15 basis points at minus 0.132 percent after earlier touching minus 0.088 percent - their highest since July 2016.
Yields on the country's euro-denominated international issues mostly fell. The 2018 issue yielded minus 0.292 percent, down 6 bps on the day, according to data from Trade web. (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, editing by Nigel Stephenson)
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has appended a new research publication to its extensive research database on the automotive occupant sensing system market. The automotive occupant sensing system market has been covered in detail within this comprehensive report and the market dynamics have been enclosed to summarize the opportunities, drivers, trends and restraints that can provide the reader with relevant information about the current scenario of this market. Also, a competitive outlook is provided to give the gist about the current status in the automotive occupant sensing system market.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3907
Global Automotive Occupant Sensing System Market: Segmental Analysis
The report segments the automotive occupant sensing system market across the world into sales channel, vehicle type, mounting location, and geography.
Based on Vehicle Type the market is further classified as Light Commercial Vehicles, Heavy Commercial Vehicles, Compact Passenger Cars, Premium Passenger Cars, Luxury Passenger Cars, and Mid-sized Passenger Cars
Based on the Sales Channel, the automotive occupant sensing system market is bifurcated into Aftermarket and OEM
On the basis of Mounting Location, the market is categorized into passenger side, driver side, others
On the basis of region, the worldwide automotive occupant sensing system market is classified into six sub segments including Europe, MEA, North America, APEJ, Japan, and Latin America
The report provides the overall market revenue along with the comparison in terms of market share in the automotive occupant sensing system market. The report indicates that competition is immense in the various segments of the worldwide automotive occupant sensing system market. The report also profiles some of the leading companies functioning in the global automotive occupant sensing system market and provides company specific information including a broad overview of the business, financial details, product portfolio, and strategies adopted by these companies to remain dominant in the global market. The report also includes a comprehensive SWOT analysis and conveys in-depth insights on the intricate operations of the industry. The competition analysis is an essential part of the report as it helps readers understand the current market structure of the global automotive occupant sensing system market. Information presented in the report provides a platform for existing and also new players to formulate their growth strategies to sustain in the competitive global market.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/automotive-occupant-sensing-system-market
Global Automotive Occupant Sensing System Market: Key Players
The research publication includes profiles of some of the top companies leading the global automotive occupant sensing system market such as Volvo AB., Takata Corporation, Robert Bosch GMBH, Continental AG, Key Safety Systems Inc., Autoliv Inc, ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Hyundai Mobis Co., Delphi Automotive Plc., and Lear Corporation.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3907
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Harvey Weinstein was indicted today on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability.''
The announcement came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and "political pressure'' made an indictment unavoidable.
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesperson said the 66-year-old film producer, who has denied the allegations, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday.
With a deadline set to testify or not, their request for more time was denied, the statement said.
"Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein,'' the statement said, referring to Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr.
Vance said in a statement that the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable.''
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand,'' Vance said.
Weinstein was charged Friday with rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York, as a grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case; the panel has been at work for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Harvey Weinstein has been formally indicted and now faces two charges of rape and a single count of criminal sexual acts.
Reuters reports the charges were those filed last week on Saturday
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr said in a statement this morning NZT that "this indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged".
There are two complainants - the first is actor and singer Lucia Evans, who says Weinstein forced them to perform oral sex on them in Tribeca in 2004.
The second has not been identified - they say Weinstein raped them at a hotel in 2013.
Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman says the second complainant and Weinstein were in face in a 10-year-consensual relationship.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi speaks to the Myanmar community living in Singapore, on the island of Sentosa in Singapore September 22, 2013. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
YANGON Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has declined an invitation to meet U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington this week alongside top diplomats from Southeast Asia, citing other commitments, Myanmar officials said on Tuesday.
Nobel laureate Suu Kyi - who serves as Myanmar's foreign minister while also being de facto head of its civilian government - would send a senior official in their place, said Zaw Htay, director general of Suu Kyi's office.
The Washington talks come amid signs members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which includes Myanmar, are tilting diplomatically towards China as the Trump administration's policy on the region remains unclear.
ASEAN foreign ministers are due to meet Tillerson on Thursday for talks covering trade, territorial claims in the South China Sea and crime, among other issues.
ASEAN stepped back from highlighting the maritime disputes between its members and China at a summit that concluded at the weekend, while Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has sought closer ties with Beijing.
Myanmar's President Htin Kyaw spent six days in China last month, signing an agreement that will see oil pumped through a pipeline across Myanmar to southwestern China, and Suu Kyi is due to visit Beijing for a summit on President Xi Jinping's signature "One Belt, One Road" infrastructure programme in mid-May.
Suu Kyi is barred from the presidency under Myanmar's army-drafted constitution, but effectively leads the government through the specially created post of "state counsellor".
"The state counsellor won't go to the U.S. because they have another meeting with the EU on that day," Zaw Htay said.
The U.S. Embassy in Yangon had no immediate comment, and referred inquiries to the State Department in Washington.
Suu Kyi arrived in Brussels on Monday for the first stop of an official tour of Europe, where they will also visit Britain and Italy.
National Security Adviser Thaung Tun would go to Washington in their place, Zaw Htay said.
Diplomats in Yangon say President Donald Trump's policy towards Myanmar - considered a success story of former President Barack Obama's "pivot" to Asia - is so far uncertain.
Suu Kyi assumed power in 2016 following a landslide election win after Myanmar's former military leaders initiated a political transition.
They travelled to the United States in September, when Obama agreed to drop all remaining sanctions against Myanmar, an international pariah for decades under junta rule.
Since then, Myanmar has been sharply criticised in the West over violence against minority Rohingya Muslims.
Kyaw Zeya, permanent secretary at the ministry of foreign affairs, said Suu Kyi was not planning to visit the United States in the near future.
But they dismissed the notion their absence from Washington was an indicator that ties were cooling in favour of China, saying Myanmar sought good relations with all major powers.
"We don't promote relations with any country at the expense of another," Kyaw Zeya said.
(Editing by Alex Richardson)
ATHENS, March 29 Eurobank's net profit shrank in October-to-December compared to the third quarter despite a slight drop in provisions for impaired loans, Greece's third-largest lender by assets said on Wednesday.
Eurobank, which is 2.4 percent owned by the country's HFSF bank rescue fund, reported net earnings of 38.3 million euros ($41.2 million) after profit of 85.4 million euros in the third quarter.
The bank reported net profit of 230.1 million euros for 2016 as a whole after losses of 1.18 billion in 2015.
Credit loss provisions fell 2.4 percent quarter-on-quarter to 186.4 million euros from 191 million in the third quarter. Non-performing loans dropped slightly to 34.7 percent of its book from 34.8 percent at the end of September.
($1 = 0.9299 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
People are seen in front of an electronic board showing stock prices outside a brokerage at a business district in Tokyo, Japan, January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as they pass the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumers' health, while the dollar strengthened in the wake of the policy statement from the U.S. Federal Reserve.
The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June.
"They were not explicit about a June rate hike but that's the right approach," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
"The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June."
U.S. stocks held modest losses following the announcement.
Apple Inc (AAPL.O) was down 0.3 percent but pared earlier losses after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week.
Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported.
An earlier report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers.
Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 22.27 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,927.62, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 7.38 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,383.79 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 35.50 points, or 0.58 percent, to 6,059.87.
Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to slip from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.32 percent.
The dollar strengthened and Treasury yields rose after the Fed statement. Expectations for a June rate hike increased to a 75.2-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool.
The dollar index .DXY rose 0.27 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.27 percent to $1.0898.
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 5/32 in price to yield 2.3144 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday.
The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds.
Oil prices retreated from earlier highs in choppy trade after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut.
U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 0.31 percent to $47.81 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $50.77, up 0.61 percent on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama)
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Ligue 1 matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Amiens SC 1 Olympique Lyon 2 Nantes 1 Nice 2 Olympique Marseille 3 St Etienne 0 Saturday, December 9 Angers SCO 1 Montpellier HSC 1 Monaco 3 ESTAC Troyes 2 En Avant de Guingamp 4 Dijon FCO 0 Metz 1 Stade Rennes 1 Paris St Germain 3 Lille 1 Toulouse 2 Caen 0 Friday, December 8 Girondins Bordeaux 0 Racing Strasbourg 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Paris St Germain 17 14 2 1 51 13 44 2 Olympique Lyon 17 10 5 2 42 19 35 ------------------------- 3 Monaco 17 11 2 4 40 18 35 ------------------------- 4 Olympique Marseille 17 10 5 2 35 19 35 ------------------------- 5 Nantes 17 8 3 6 16 18 27 6 Stade Rennes 17 7 4 6 22 20 25 ------------------------- 7 Montpellier HSC 17 5 8 4 14 10 23 8 Nice 17 7 2 8 22 28 23 9 Caen 17 7 2 8 11 18 23 10 En Avant de Guingamp 17 6 4 7 19 23 22 11 Amiens SC 17 6 3 8 16 19 21 12 Racing Strasbourg 17 5 6 6 22 27 21 13 Dijon FCO 17 6 3 8 24 31 21 14 Girondins Bordeaux 17 5 5 7 22 26 20 15 St Etienne 17 5 5 7 17 27 20 16 Toulouse 17 5 4 8 16 23 19 17 ESTAC Troyes 17 5 3 9 18 24 18 ------------------------- 18 Lille 17 5 3 9 16 26 18 ------------------------- 19 Angers SCO 17 2 9 6 19 27 15 20 Metz 17 1 2 14 7 33 5 1-2: Champions League / EC I 3: Champions League preliminary round 4: Europa League 5-6: Europa League depending on domestic cup 18: Relegation play-off 19-20: Relegation
FILE PHOTO: A newly-constructed home is listed for sale on an advertising board in the Sydney suburb of Greenhills Beach, Australia, August 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo
SYDNEY In their struggle to cool red-hot property prices in Australia's big cities, authorities are ratcheting up measures that could dent the whole market but avoiding more targeted steps that have had some success in New Zealand and China.
Australian regulators first focused on reining in investment loans nationally in 2015, by imposing an annual limit of 10 percent on how many banks could expand their investor loan book.
Those steps worked for a while, but the heat is on again in Sydney, where prices are rising almost 20 percent a year, having more than doubled since 2008, and Melbourne, where the pace is over 15 percent, according to property consultant Core Logic.
That and all-time high household debt prompted the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA) to move again on Friday, asking banks to limit new interest-only loans to 30 percent of total new mortgage lending, from 40 percent now, and promising a lot of "monitoring", "scrutinising" and "observing".
Industry players doubt that will do the trick.
"I personally don't think this will have a material impact," said Simon Orbell, director at Sydney-based mortgage broker Smartmove, as prices kept rising even though it was already a tough lending market.
"Maybe more needs to be done," they added.
Behind-the-scenes pressure has already led the major banks to raise rates on investment loans, particularly for interest-only products favored by speculators, according to sources with knowledge of the situation.
Variable interest rates on investor loans from Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA.AX) - the country's top mortgage lender - are as high as 5.94 percent, compared with 5.25 percent for owner occupiers and an official cash rate of 1.5 percent.
There has been market speculation that the Reserve Bank of Australia will be forced to hike interest rates, a yet blunter instrument, though record low inflation and weak wages growth make that an unattractive option.
There is also political resistance to measures that could make prices actually fall, with two thirds of households owning their homes.
The uneven nature of the market means such measures, even if they cool the hotspots, can cause collateral damage elsewhere.
"There is no one national housing market in Australia. So, what may impact in Sydney in one way can impact exactly the reverse in Perth," explained Treasurer Scott Morrison.
"So, the use of big-stick, sledgehammer-type changes, one must be very cautious of that, because it can have quite negative impacts in markets."
TARGETED RESPONSE
Neighboring New Zealand had been grappling with a similar problem in Auckland until its central bank asked lenders to seek a greater deposit for home loans just in that city.
The tactic seems to have worked. The explosive Auckland market has cooled since last September, with sales volumes at their lowest levels in at least five years, according to the latest data from the Real Estate Institute of New Zealand.
In China, the solutions are tailor-made to the locality, with some cities requiring deposits of 40 percent or more, others putting limits on how many homes an individual can buy or barring non-residents from buying.
More recently, the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) has been lobbying the government to get permission to add debt-to-income (DTI) limits to its macroprudential arsenal aimed at combating the brisk pace of home prices.
"DTI policies can increase the resilience of households to income shocks, reducing the number of forced house sales in a downturn," the RBNZ said in March. Together with loan-to-value restrictions, the RBNZ said it hoped to achieve "a more targeted response to rising house market risks".
That remains just a proposal for now, however.
"There hasn't been any real political appetite or enthusiasm for DTIs," said Christina Leung, senior economist at the New Zealand Institute for Economic Research. "There's a lot of uncertainty as to ... what it would do to house prices."
In Australia, such policies won't wash, said John Hewson, professor at the Crawford School of Public Policy, Australian National University.
"We have had a long history of deregulating our financial system, so there is a strong reluctance to start regulating banks with lending restrictions or interest rate caps," said Hewson, a former leader of the ruling Liberal Party.
Regulators are also worried about the risks from a slowdown in the home-building boom. According to official estimates, every A$1 spent on residential construction generates A$1.31 worth of spending elsewhere in the economy, and every A$1 million creates 17 full-time jobs.
And unlike in China, Australians still largely expect government to let the market take its course.
"They should ... just sit in a corner and not do a thing," said Lindsay Partridge, managing director of Brickworks (BKW.AX). "Any of the things that they do are going to affect confidence, and that is going to affect construction activity ... The state governments should release more land for construction and just let the market run and correct itself."
For graphic on the property market in Australia and New Zealand click here
(Additional reporting by Charlotte Greenfield in WELLINGTON; Editing by Will Waterman)
Says it's difficult to fight corruption under democracy
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari Wednesday hinted that their administration will soon embark on the re-organisation of the judiciary in a bid to ensure effective fight against corruption in the country.
President Buhari who stated this at a joint press conference with the visiting Namibian leader, Mr Hage Geingob, after closed door session at the Presidential villa, Abuja also lamented that it was difficult to fight corruption under democracy, unlike in military era that does not require bureaucracy.
They disclosed that their administration plans to dedicate some judges to deal with corruption cases where all those found wanting in their dealings will be prosecuted.
According to them “So we are willing but it's very difficult under this multi-party democracy system We are getting the cooperation of countries. We are trying to sell the assets wherever we found them and bring the money into the Nigerian treasury. This is all “I can say at this stage because we are reorganizing the judiciary.
“We are going to dedicate some judges to deal with corruption cases and try to put forward and prosecute all those that investigations proved that they have question s to answer. So that is what I'm telling you that we haven't given up; we are doing our best and we will recover as much as humanly possible.”
Also speaking, President Geingob thanked Nigerian government for their support and assistance to Namibia via the deployment of Nigerian volunteers under the Technical Aid Corps.
They said that they were in Nigeria to pay their last respect to late Prof. Adebayo Adedeji, one time Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission of Africa whom they described as their mentor.
President Geingob congratulated the Nigerian leader for their efforts in dealing with corruption in Nigeria and beyond and lamented that corruption in Africa was becoming a serious case and that strong people like Buhari were needed to tackle the social ill.
They noted that President Buhari had taken steps towards fighting corruption in Nigeria worthy of emulation by their country.
They said, “He (Buhari) is taking steps that will encourage all of us. I declared war against poverty and corruption. I declared my assets publicly. I therefore emulate my brother here.”
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BRIEF-Bactiguard enters new partnership with Gada Italia
* BACTIGUARD HAS ENTERED PARTNERSHIP WITH GADA ITALIA SRL ("GADA"), A SPECIALIZED AND LEADING DISTRIBUTOR OF MEDICAL DEVICES AND INTEGRATED HEALTHCARE SERVICES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ABOVE PHOTO: Honoree Congresswoman Maxine Waters attends the Black Girls Rock! Awards at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center on Saturday, Aug. 5, 2017, in Newark, N.J. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
By Mesfin Fekadu
associated press
NEWARK, N.J. — Fiery Democratic U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters (D) was welcomed like a contemporary rock star when they entered the 2017 “Black Girls Rock” Awards, as the audience screamed loudly and gave them the night's rowdiest and wildest applause.
Waters was one of the honorees Saturday at the annual event honoring Black women in fields such as entertainment, politics, science and social justice. The 78-year-old matched the energy of the audience at the New Jersey Performing Art Center in Newark with a punchy and moving speech, which featured their catch phrase “reclaiming my time.”
“I want you to know, if it was not for the love and respect shown to me by Black women, those right-wing ultra conservatives … they would have me believe I'm too Black, I'm too confrontational, I'm too tough, and I'm too disrespectful of them,” they said. “But now I know I'm simply a strong, Black woman.”
“I don't care how big you are, I don't care how high you are, if you come for me, I'm coming for you,” Waters added, earning more loud applause.
Videos of the California member of congress, who has been critical of Republican President Donald Trump, have become a viral success on social media, including one where they insisted that they were “reclaiming my time” at a recent congressional hearing. She's struck a chord with millennials and has even earned the nickname, “Auntie Maxine.”
Waters was joined by a top notch group of honorees at the BET event, including iconic singer Roberta Flack; “Insecure” creator and Golden Globe nominee Issa Rae; Grammy-winning soul singer Solange Knowles; Wall Street powerhouse Suzanne Shank; “black-ish” actor and Harvard student Yara Shahidi; and community organizers Derrica Wilson and Natalie Wilson of the Black & Missing Foundation. Oscar-nominee Taraji P. Henson hosted the multi-hour event.
Flack, known for hit songs like “Killing Me Softly with Their Song” and “Feel Like Makin' Love,” was wheelchair bound but recited a speech from paper that won over the audience.
“Love is a song. Each of you has a song in your heart,” 78-year-old Flack said. “You keep singing that song.”
R&B singers India.Arie and Tyrese smoothly sang Flack and Donny Hathaway's popular 1970s duet, “Where Is the Love.” Other performers at the show, to air on BET on Aug. 22, included SZA, Ledisi, Anthony Hamilton and Tasha Cobb.
Each of the celebrants were inducted by men, including “black-ish” actor Anthony Anderson, soul singer Maxwell, “Insecure” star Jay Ellis and actor-singer Jussie Smollett.
Knowles – who won their first Grammy Award this year for their critically acclaimed album celebrating Black pride, “A Seat at the Table” – called the award “the ultimate honor.”
“Black women make me feel invincible,” they said.
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 South Africa's new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Wednesday treasury is committed to fiscal consolidation plans outlined in the 2017 budget after S&P and Fitch downgraded the country to sub-investment grade.
Speaking to local investors at the Development Bank of South Africa, Gigaba said the Treasury aims to stabilise the government's net debt over the next three years at 50 percent of gross domestic production (GDP).
Last week Fitch downgraded South Africa's foreign and local currency debt to speculative grade, while S&P Global Ratings cut the hard currency borrowing to "junk". Both cited likely changes in economic policy after a cabinet reshuffle. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Renasant Corp
* Renasant - on April 25, co said E. Robinson Mcgraw to step down as chief executive officer of company and Renasant Bank, effective May 1, 2018
* Renasant Corp - Mitchell Waycaster will assume role of chief executive officer of both company and Renasant Bank - SEC filing
* Renasant Corp - After May 1, 2018, Mcgraw will serve as executive chairperson of company and bank Source: (bit.ly/2qo2XvU) Further company coverage:
** The biggest U.S. bank by assets' shares up 0.70 pct at $86 premarket
** Reports better-than-expected profit boosted by increase in fixed-income trading
** Fixed-income revenue up 17 pct at $4.22 bln
** EPS $1.65 vs est. $1.52/shr; Rev rises 6.24 pct to $25.59 bln
** Investment banking revenue up 34 pct at $1.65 bln
** Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc are also scheduled to report results on Thursday
** Up to Wednesday's close, stock had risen 22 pct since President Donald Trump's election on Nov 8
Motor racing-Growing up fast, Stroll scores first points
MONTREAL, June 11 Lance Stroll hit back at their critics in style on Sunday by taking their first Formula One points in front of a flag-waving crowd of home fans at the Canadian Grand Prix.
ABUJA, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Footage of a senior commander of Nigeria's road safety organisation disciplining several female employees by cutting off their long hair in public has sparked outrage online.
Andrew Kumapayi, regional commander for the Federal Road Safety Corp (FRSC) in Nigeria's southern Rivers State, was filmed and photographed cutting the women's hair at an inspection parade in the city of Port Harcourt this week.
The photos were published in a post on the official FRSC Facebook page which said Kumapayi was carrying out a 'hair, uniform and fingernails inspection' of the employees.
While the post has been deleted, photos of the incident have been widely shared and criticised by Nigerians on social media.
Lauretta Onochie, an aide to Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari, said on Twitter that the haircuts were a "humiliation of women taken too far".
"No man has a right to take a pair of scissors and cut a woman's hair," read a Twitter post by Juliet Kego.
"Even if they disobey the standing order, you can't cut their hair ... Nigeria is not a jungle," said a post by Jude Ezechuks.
The FRSC has recalled Kumapayai and other officers involved in the incident, and is set to launch an investigation into the matter, according to local newspaper reports in Nigeria.
Neither the FRSC nor Kumapayi could be reached for comment.
An official guide for FRSC staff at parades says that female employees must have a hairstyle 'that can be tucked into their beret' but does not ban long hair. Male staff are expected to have 'low cut hair' and be clean shaven. (Writing By Kieran Guilbert, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
After Erdoğan won a referendum that cemented their dictatorial regime in Turkey, Trump promptly called them to congratulate them on their victory.
Is this a sign that President Donald Trump will turn into a dictator as well?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum created to grant them massive powers and cement their autocratic rule over the country. Erdoğan will now rule the country till 2029 with near total control and hardly any check to their power — despite the fact the Turkey's opposition leaders are crying foul over the irregularities in the voting system.
So what does the U.S. president do? Instead of calling the Turkish president out on their suspect win, Trump called them and congratulated him.
It is not yet clear whether Trump only meant to congratulate Erdoğan on their dramatic win. Because if they also meant to congratulate them on the reforms — which also grant the Turkish dictator the power to bring back the death penalty — that surely does not bode well for the United States.
And let's not forget the fact that the Turkish autocrat purged 70,000 people after the failed coup attempt by a rebel Army faction — and which some suspect was orchestrated by the Erdoğan themselves to smoke out any and all of their oppositions.
Trump called to congratulate #Erdoğan on destroying democracy in #Turkey but couldn't shake #angelamerkel hand.That's all you need to know. — Jennifer (@shutterbutter68) April 17, 2017
good one -- although Obamas statement, unlike Trump's, nodded to rights and reform https://t.co/WswmE0Dsj7 — Michael Crowley (@michaelcrowley) April 18, 2017
Had Turkey not told the planet Trump called Erdoğan to congratulate them on getting dictatorial powers, I bet the WH would have never told us — Eric Schmeltzer (@JustSchmeltzer) April 18, 2017
I promise you what happened with Erdoğan in Turkey, could happen here. Trump was the first to congratulate him. https://t.co/HEzI9SXl4T — H??? A?????? (@HahnAmerica) April 18, 2017
Can someone please remind Trump that America is a democracy & they shouldn't congratulate Turkey's Erdoğan? Hope they don't get any ideas — David Leavitt (@David_Leavitt) April 18, 2017
Trump called to congratulate Erdo?an after Turkey vote grants sweeping powers... also extended invitation to their growing Strongmen Club. — Samrat Chowdhery (@samrat) April 18, 2017
@peterbakernyt Trump has huge holdings in Turkey, abetted by Erdoğan cronies. So they call the strongman to congratulate them on becoming a dictator. — larryleclair (@larryleclair) April 18, 2017
.@USRepRodney Now we celebrate the destruction of democracy?
Trump calls Erdoğan,congratulates them on referendum https://t.co/6GOOPLqzCG — NJ11forchange (@nj11forchange) April 18, 2017
Trump's congratulatory message is at odds with that of the State Department, which urged Ankara to respect the human rights of its citizens while pointing out the election “irregularities on voting day and an uneven playing field during the difficult campaign period,” observed by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
“We look to the government of Turkey to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens,” said the department's acting spokesperson, Mark Toner.
“Both the U.S. and E.U. are in a bind,” said Michael Werz, a Turkey analyst with the Center for American Progress. “They can either [disagree with] the OSCE findings, or they can say the truth: It was not a free and fair election.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer responded to the result of Turkey's referendum with caution and said they would withhold from commenting until a final report of election observer is complete by next week.
However, there is no denying the fact the Trump has some similarities with Erdoğan. Both of them consider themselves to be populist leaders with little regard for courts (or constitution, for that matter) or other checks in their power. However, the radical Erdoğan has taken their autocracy to the extreme by purging all opposition after the failed coup.
They also wanted to punish Bashar Al-Assad, the tyrannical president of Syria, for using chemical weapons against their own people earlier this month. Both also want to stand together in battling ISIS, however Turkey has deep misgivings about America's plan to arm Kurdish fighter, whom Erdoğan considers terrorists.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A Democratic attorney general candidate says their Republican opponent, Ohio Auditor Dave Yost, should have immediately referred to authorities a whistleblower's allegations that Ohio's then-largest online charter school intentionally inflated attendance figures.
Steven Dettelbach, a former U.S. attorney, responded Tuesday to an Associated Press report that an ex-employee of the now-shuttered Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow shared their claims of misconduct with the Ohio Department of Education and Yost's office last year. The ECOT board's attorney says they were unaware of the man's claims.
Dettelbach told reporters Tuesday that critical evidence in a potential criminal case could have been lost during delays in referring the information.
A spokesperson said in a statement Tuesday that the Auditor's Office "aggressively" audited ECOT funding and "thoroughly investigated" the employee's allegations.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Top scorers of the Ligue 1 on Saturday 3 Mariano (Olympique Lyon) 2 Younousse Sankhare (Girondins Bordeaux) Clinton Njie (Olympique Marseille) Nabil Fekir (Olympique Lyon)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
By Emmanuel Aziken
There was apprehension, yesterday, over a plot to derail this weekend's governorship primaries of the Progressives Congress, APC, in Anambra State after it emerged that the certified list of delegates was being tampered with.
The plan, party sources said yesterday, was to provoke a crisis that would lead to the postponement of the primaries slated for Saturday to enable the manipulation of the primaries at a latter date.
The list of delegates issued to the aspirants during the screening in Abuja last weekend, Vanguard learned, was being threatened through high level officials of the party and government.
Senate President, Dr Bukola Saraki, who was mentioned as backing a prominent member of the National Assembly in the contest, however, dismissed the claim saying: “They should go and find a better story to tell.”
The Senate President spoke through their Special Adviser on Media, Mr. Yusuph Olaniyonu, who also affirmed that their principal was out of the country.
Mr. Linus Ejiofor, chairperson of the APC Ward Chairman, told Vanguard, yesterday, that only the 2014 list should be used and that any attempt to use any other list will lead to the party losing the election.
They said: “Only the list given out last week will be used for the primary. We are ready for the primary and want to assure the national chairperson that we are set to support any candidate who emerges through the original list.”
Deputy chairperson of the party in Njikoka Local Government Area, Mr. Ogwunoba Modestus, contacted on the development, yesterday, said that party members were set for the delegate election..
An Iraqi volunteer (R) gives food to displaced people during a battle with Islamic State militants in Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
A soldier of Iraqi army sits in a tank during clashes between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants, in Mosul. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Federal police members carry their weapons as they head to the frontline to fight against Islamic State militants, in Mosul. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
Displaced Iraqis wait to get food supplies as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis wait to get food supplies as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis wait to get food supplies as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced residents who fled their homes wait to be searched by Iraqi troops as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
An Iraqi soldier helps a displaced child to get out of a truck as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced Iraqis who fled their homes get out of a truck as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Displaced residents who fled their homes are searched by Iraqi troops as Iraqi forces battle with Islamic State militants, in western Mosul, Iraq March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
Smoke rises from clashes during a battle between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants, in Mosul. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Iraqi Federal Police fight in the frontline at Bab al Jadid district as the battle against Islamic State's fighters continues in the old city of Mosul. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
MOSUL, Iraq/WASHINGTON The senior U.S. commander in Iraq acknowledged on Tuesday that the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in an explosion in Mosul believed to have killed scores of civilians but said Islamic State could also be to blame.
As investigators probe the blast, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend strongly defended U.S. behaviour in the war and pushed back against accusations the United States had loosened safeguards meant to protect civilians as it ramps up the battle against Islamic State.
Still, they said increases in casualties were to be expected as the war against the insurgents entered its deadliest phase in the cramped, narrow streets of Mosul's Old City.
"It is the toughest and most brutal close-quarters combat that I have experienced in my 34 years of service," Townsend told Pentagon reporters, speaking from Iraq.
"What has not changed is our care, our caution ... our tolerance from civilian casualties - none of that has changed."
Rights group Amnesty International has said the high civilian toll in Mosul suggested U.S.-led coalition forces had failed to take adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths.
Investigators combed through the rubble left by a March 17 explosion in al-Jadida district in west Mosul, where Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition air strikes are fighting to clear Islamic State militants from Iraq's second city.
One line of investigation is whether Islamic State rigged explosives that ultimately caused the blast that destroyed buildings. One estimate put the death toll at more than 200 people.
"My initial assessment is that we probably had a role in these casualties," Townsend told a Pentagon news briefing, speaking by teleconference.
"Now, here's what I don't know. What I don't know is were they (the civilians) gathered there by the enemy? We still have some assessments to do. ... I would say this, that it sure looks like they were."
The United States has about 5,200 troops in Iraq, the Pentagon says. Officials say two more companies of U.S. soldiers, just under 300 troops, are headed to Iraq on a temporary deployment.
FAMILIES BURIED UNDER RUBBLE
Witnesses on Sunday described horrific scenes of body parts strewn over rubble, residents trying desperately to pull out survivors and other people buried out of reach.
The Iraqi military's figure of 61 bodies was lower than that given by local officials - a municipal official said on Saturday that 240 bodies had been pulled from the rubble. A local lawmaker and two witnesses say a coalition air strike may have targeted a truck bomb, triggering a blast that collapsed buildings.
If confirmed, the toll would be one of the worst since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion, raising questions about civilian safety as Iraq's Shi'ite-led government tries to avoid alienating Mosul's mostly Sunni population.
Iraq's military command has blamed militants for rigging a building with explosives to cause civilian casualties, but some witnesses say it was collapsed by an air strike, burying many families under the rubble.
"My initial impression is the enemy had a hand in this. And there's also a fair chance that our strike had some role in it," Townsend said. "I think it's probably going to play out to be some sort of combination. But you know what, I can't really say for sure and we just have to let the investigation play out."
Townsend noted that the type of munitions the U.S.-led coalition had used should not have collapsed a building.
U.S. Army Chief of Staff General Mark Milley after meeting Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Iraq's defence minister late on Monday, said there had been air strikes in the vicinity that day and on previous days but it was not clear they had caused the casualties.
They raised the possibility that Islamic State blew up the building to cast blame on the coalition and "cause a delay in the offensive on Mosul".
A source close to Abadi's office said the U.S. military delegation also called for more coordination among the Iraqi security force units on the ground and for consideration that thousands of civilians are stuck in their homes.
HUMAN SHIELDS
The United Nations rights chief said on Tuesday at least 307 civilians had been killed and 273 wounded in western Mosul since Feb. 17, saying Islamic State was herding residents into booby-trapped buildings as human shields and firing on those who tried to flee.
"This is an enemy that ruthlessly exploits civilians to serve its own ends," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said. "It is vital that the Iraqi security forces and their coalition partners avoid this trap."
Iraqi forces have retaken eastern Mosul and are pushing through the west, but have faced tough resistance in the densely populated districts around the Old City, where narrow streets and traditional homes force close-quarters fighting.
Iraqi forces fighting around the Old City tried to storm the al-Midan and Suq al Sha'areen districts, where Islamic State ran its religious police who carried out brutal punishments, such as crucifixion and public floggings, federal police commander Lieutenant General Raed Shakir Jawdat told state al-Sabah newspaper.
Helicopters were strafing Islamic State targets around Al Nuri mosque, where Islamic State's leader declared their caliphate nearly three years ago after militants took control of swaths of Iraq and Syria.
Thousands of civilians are fleeing the fighting, shelling and air strikes, but as many as half a million people may be trapped inside the city.
(Additional reporting by Ahmed Rasheed in Baghdad; Writing by Patrick Markey and Phil Stewart; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Peter Cooney)
BAGHDAD Fighting corruption in Iraq is such a relentless and thankless job that Hassan al-Yasiri has been trying for nearly a year to quit.
Yasiri, head of Iraq's independent anti-graft body the Commission of Integrity, submitted their resignation to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in June 2016 just a year after taking the post. It was rejected.
They insisted on resigning anyway, but has agreed to stay until a replacement is found. So they soldier on, trying to root out graft in a country where bribery and the theft of state resources are blamed for everything from low living standards to the army's collapse in the face of Islamic State.
One of the reasons they wanted to quit, they say, was because the authorities took action in only 15 percent of the 12,000 cases of suspected corruption their commission investigated and reported to the judiciary last year.
"The number is very small. We want the judiciary to speed up the execution of cases to keep pace with the commission," said Yasiri, 47. "This pains me greatly."
Yasiri said they have taken bold steps, sending investigators to open up the files of every ministry looking for the slightest sign of corruption, and slapping travel bans on top officials for the first time.
Senior officials have been forced to become more transparent about their finances.
But all the while they face constant criticism from political blocs, used to using their control of ministries to hand out favours to their supporters. A member of Iraq's Shi'ite majority, they have been accused by Sunnis and Kurds of favouring their own sect, and by other Shi'ites of going after Shi'ites.
A senior Iraqi official approached them at their office in a highly fortified area of Baghdad, they recall, without identifying the official.
WE DON'T MIX THE COCKTAIL
"He told me, 'All those people you refer to justice are Shi'ites.' They said, 'There must be balance. There should be Sunnis and Kurds'," said Yasiri.
"I told him: 'We don't mix this cocktail'."
The prime minister has declared war on corruption but met fierce resistance from politicians, including some from within their bloc, who resisted efforts to remove political faction leaders from top posts and replace them with technocrats.
A parliamentary committee concluded that corruption within the officers corps was one of the reasons the Iraqi army fled without opposing the sweeping advance of Islamic State in 2014.
At the time, military officers were siphoning off the salaries of recruits who did not exist, known as ghost soldiers.
Yasiri said that problem had been reduced by closer scrutiny of the defence ministry, but more work was needed. Officers were still collecting part of the salary of some soldiers in return for allowing them to go on indefinite leave.
"There are one million people in the army. In all countries it is very hard to eliminate corruption among these large numbers," they said. "We are trying to tighten the noose around the corrupt, but it is difficult to eliminate corruption overnight. We need more time."
(Editing by Peter Graff)
