INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — After a year that saw a record 154 murders, 16 people were victims of criminal homicide in January in Indianapolis.
Victims ranged from 19 to 75 years old, and all but one of the victims were men.
Of those 16 deaths, 13 were from gunshot wounds, two were from stabbings and one was described by the coroner's office as blunt trauma injuries. Three gunshot victims were found shot to death in cars, while police say another was shot and then pushed out of their own car.
In all, the 15 separate incidents occurred on just nine days of the month.
Arrests had been made in four of the cases as of Feb. 2.
In one case, a father-in-law allegedly stabbed their son-in-law during a dispute that began over a missing Bluetooth earpiece. In another, police say a man shot and killed their mother's boyfriend after the boyfriend punched them in the mouth.
January 3
Rodriquez Anderson
Rodriquez Anderson, 27, was found shot to death in the passenger seat of their silver Mustang around 9 a.m. in the 3600 block of Schofield Avenue, near East 38th Street and Keystone Avenue. A DPW worker was in the neighborhood, saw the car and called 911.
Anderson's car had been shot into 15 times; detectives believe the shooting occurred elsewhere and then the car was driven to where they found it.
24-Hour News 8's Vi Nguyen spoke to Anderson's sister Octavia at a vigil held by family and friends the next week.
“He was very friendly; they always kept a smile on their face, no matter what,” Octavia said. “Even when they were mad, he'd smile.”
Police have not released suspect information, nor have they announced arrests in connection with Anderson's death.
January 5
Matthew Boddie
Around 4:15 in the morning, officers with the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department found 33-year-old Matthew Boddie shot in the middle of North Somerset Avenue near West 17th Street. Medics pronounced them dead at the scene.
Alyjah Mahammad
Just before 10 the same night across town, officers called out for a report of shots fired found 19-year-old Alyjah Mahammad on a sidewalk in the 3600 block of Mitthoeffer Road, suffering a gunshot wound. They were also pronounced dead at the scene.
Suspect information was not released in connection with those two deaths, nor had policed announced arrests in either case.
January 7
William Sullivan
Police say Sullivan, 67, was found with an open wound to the chest around 8:30 in the morning in the 3000 block of North California Street, near West 30th and Dr. MLK Jr. streets.
No additional details or suspect information was released. No arrest was announced in the case.
January 13
Three people were shot and killed in separate incidents over 24 hours on the city's east side.
Jesse Daniels
Police were called to the 300 block of South Oakland Avenue around 2:30 a.m. on a report of a person shot. The person who called police told dispatchers “We need an ambulance. My brother shot my mom's boyfriend.” When asked why their brother shot the man, the caller said, “Well, my mom's boyfriend punched him, so they pulled out their gun and shot them several times.”
Medics arrived and pronounced Daniels dead at the scene. They had sustained multiple gunshot wounds to the head, court documents say.
Jacob McIntosh, 23, told arriving officers, “I shot him,” according to charging documents in the case. McIntosh's girlfriend told detectives Daniels acted “aggressive and threatening” when they and McIntosh got to the residence, which led to an argument and Daniels punching McIntosh. That's when, according to their girlfriend, McIntosh went to their bedroom and came back downstairs “holding a handgun in each hand.” McIntosh told police who questioned them that Daniels had taken advantage of their mother and stolen from them
“I ended their lives to begin a new one for my mother. Hopefully, to begin a new one for my mother's,” McIntosh told police, court documents say.
McIntosh was charged with murder and remained in the Marion County Jail, online records show. Their next appearance in court is scheduled for March 14.
Tyrone Burt
Around 4 a.m. the same day, officers found 40-year-old Tyrone Burt on the ground in the 3700 block of North Wallace Avenue, near 38th Street and Emerson Avenue, suffering from multiple gunshot wounds. Medics pronounced Burt dead at the scene.
Toby George, 41, was arrested that day and charged with murder in connection with Burt's death.
Court documents show a number of people were in and out of the residence leading up to the fatal shooting. Those questioned provided police with conflicting narratives regarding exactly who was where and what caused compounding arguments between George, George's girlfriend, their relatives, and finally Burt, to turn deadly.
George remained in the Marion County Jail, with their next court appearance scheduled for Feb. 15.
Calvin Hunter
Later that night, officers were called to the 3700 block of Celtic Drive — just south of East 38th Street, between Post and Mitthoeffer roads — around 8:45 p.m. and found 28-year-old Calvin Hunter with at least one gunshot wound in an SUV on the property.
Police told 24-Hour News 8 they think the Hunter was shot inside the vehicle and then crashed onto the property where the car was found.
No suspect description was released, and no arrest had been announced in connection with the shooting.
January 15
Derick Daniels
Two days later, police responded to a double shooting less than a mile away from where Hunter's body was found.
A man later taken to the hospital in critical condition with at least one gunshot wound flagged down police in the street around 7:40 p.m. about another person shot.
Police found Derick Daniels dead inside a car nearby. Several members of the Ten Point Coalition showed up near the scene that night, since the group began patrolling from 38th Street north to 42nd Street and from Post Road east to Mitthoeffer Road on Jan. 10.
It was not clear whether the person left in critical condition knew Daniels.
Police did not provide a suspect description, nor had an arrest been announced in connection with the case.
January 18
Trevor Mann
Three days later and less than a mile away from the two scenes where Daniels and Hunter were found fatally shot, police investigated the shooting death of 19-year-old Trevor Mann, who suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was found in an empty townhouse.
Vi Nguyen spoke to Mann's mother, who said they reported their son as missing the week before they were found dead, and who identified their son by the tattoos on their hands. Cathy Mann described their son as goofy, outgoing and caring and said they were taking on big responsibilities as a new father to a 2-month-old boy.
Mann also had a message for the person responsible for their son's death: “Just turn yourself in, turn yourself in. Think about what your mother would go through if it was you in that body bag and not my son.”
24-Hour News 8's Julian Grace spoke to a woman who works with children in the neighborhood. They say investment in the area is key to reducing crime. They want to see the abandoned buildings in their neighborhood turned into affordable housing. The Rev. Charles Harrison with the Ten Point Coalition said they were going to meet with management at the townhome and apartment community to recommend they hire private security guards.
No suspect description was released, and no arrest had been announced in connection with Mann's death.
January 21
Franklin Lainez-Carcamo
Emergency responders with the Wayne Township Fire Department took 38-year-old Franklin Lainez-Carcamo to Sidney & Lois Eskenazi Hospital in critical condition on Sunday afternoon after they were found stabbed on the front porch of a residence in the 300 block of Barton Avenue, on the west side.
Lainez-Carcamo died four days later as a result of their injuries, and their father-in-law, Leroy Benge, was arrested in connection with the stabbing.
Detectives spoke with Benge, their wife and their daughter about the circumstances leading up to Lainez-Carcamo's stabbing. While each account portrayed the physical altercation differently — whether or not Lainez-Carcamo had a knife, the positions of the two men when the stabbing occurred, and to what extent Benge's wife and daughter tried to de-escalate the situation — all said the argument began when Benge accused Lainez-Carcamo of stealing their Bluetooth earpiece.
Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry charged Benge with voluntary manslaughter, knowingly killing another human being while acting under a sudden heat.
Benge remained in the Marion County Jail, according to online records, and is next scheduled to appear in court on March 21.
James Slaughter
When 20-year-old James Slaughter arrived in critical condition at Community North Hospital on Sunday night, it wasn't clear where the shooting had taken place.
Slaughter died at the hospital, and police believed a possible location for the shooting was the intersection of Biscayne Road and Bel Air Drive, less than a mile from the scenes where Mann, Hunter and Daniels were found.
No suspect descriptions were provided, nor were arrests announced in connection with Slaughter's death.
January 26
Ron Ralston
People who knew 75-year-old Ron Ralston said they were nothing short of a generous man. They were found dead inside their home on the south side of Indianapolis in the 1800 block of Inisheer Court. They died from blunt traumatic injuries, according to the coroner's office.
The investigation began when the housekeeper showed up to work, found a mess at the home and called 911.
Vi Nguyen spoke to Ralston's friend, Lisa Marchino.
“I just don't see how another individual could do that to someone and nobody would know that it wouldn't be found, so I just have every confidence that they will find them,” they said.
Police said they noticed several things missing from the home, including two of Ralston's vehicles — a Hummer and a Mustang. Both vehicles were located.
Billy Hawkins
Across town on the afternoon of the same day, officers responded to a report of shots fired in the 3700 block of Hillside Avenue. They found 35-year-old Billy Hawkins a street over on Baltimore Avenue, fatally shot.
Suspect information was not released in connection with those two deaths, nor had policed announced arrests in either case.
January 28
Three people were shot and killed on the last Sunday of January in two separate incidents on the east side.
James Ratcliffe and Deron Gray
James Ratcliffe had been a security guard at the Sawmill Saloon at 13th Street and North Sherman Drive, but friends say they were hanging out, not working, in the early hours of Sunday morning when five people were shot.
Ratcliffe, 50, and Deron Gray, 24, died of their gunshot wounds, while two other victims were hospitalized in critical condition, the fifth in stable condition. IMPD said a disturbance at the bar led to the gunfire.
Alfonzo Fowler, one of Ratcliffe's childhood friends, told 24-Hour News 8's Tim McNicholas they visited the bar once, last fall, and a fight broke out.
“The bar should be shut down,” Fowler said. “It's a danger zone for anybody that goes in there. How can you have fun? You have to carry a gun just to have fun or you can't return home to your safety.”
While police said any shooting suspect or person of interest was accounted for, and no immediate threat to the public remained on Sunday, they did not release any suspect names, the condition of that person or people or any arrests in the case.
Catrina Russell
A little more than 12 hours later, officers found 49-year-old Catrina Russell shot and killed less than two miles away in the parking lot of the New York Express convenience store at the corner of East New York and North Rural streets.
Police said they believe Russell was driving a charcoal-colored Lexus and pulled up to the convenience store when their passenger shot them and pushed them out of the car, then drove away. Russell's car was found abandoned near 16th Street and North Sherman Drive.
IMPD announced Monday they believed 52-year-old Fredrick Ford was the last person with Russell while they were alive.
On Friday afternoon, police arrested Ford, who faces a preliminary charge of murder. They remained in the Marion County Jail, online records show.
SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSaveSaveSave
Thurman told Dowd that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that the first "attack" — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
"He pushed me down," they said. "He tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard."
Later, they alleged, they arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you."
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
"Her eyes were crazy, and they were totally out of control," said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, they revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail their career.
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: "The article speaks for itself."
Weinstein, the executive producer of award-winning movies including Matt Damon and Ben Affleck's "Good Will Hunting" and Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction," acknowledged making an "awkward pass" at Thurman but denied physical assault and emphasized a longstanding professional relationship with them
"Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologized and deeply regrets," their representative Holly Baird said in an emailed statement. "However, their claims about being physically assaulted are untrue."
The statement questioned why Thurman waited 25 years to make their allegations public and said numerous photographs show Thurman and Weinstein had a "strong relationship" for many years.
Thurman, one of the stars of "Pulp Fiction," also was quoted as saying that just before shooting began on Tarantino's "Kill Bill: Vol. 1," which came out in 2003, they told Tarantino about Weinstein and they confronted the mogul, leading them to apologize.
But Thurman also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored them expressed fears of driving a car that they had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded them to do it, the article said, quoting them as saying, "Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again."
Video accompanying the article online shows Thurman struggling to control the car and crashing into a tree.
Thurman said in the article "that was a deathbox that I was in," the seat "wasn't screwed down properly" and the sand road "was not a straight road." They said that after the crash they left a hospital in a neck brace with damaged knees and a concussion.
Tarantino's representatives did not respond to the AP's request for comment. The Times also did not get a response, according to the article.
Weinstein, who has been accused by scores of women of sexual assault or harassment, was fired by the film company they founded with their brother and was expelled from Hollywood's movie academy. They have apologized for causing "a lot of pain" with "the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past" but has denied "any allegations of non-consensual sex."
RAP GRID to distribute nFusz's original rap battle competition series WHO GOT BARS, the first interactive online program, featuring real-time
HOLLYWOOD, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - nFusz, Inc. ( OTCQB : FUSZ), the Hollywood-based digital technology company, announces that it has entered into an agreement with RAP GRID (RapGrid.com), the leading online destination for rap battle PPV and VOD, to distribute nFusz's original rap battle competition series WHO GOT BARS, the first interactive online program, featuring real-time, in-video voting, chat, and merchandise purchasing capabilities. RAP GRID, known as the "ESPN of battle rap," boasts more PPV and VOD rap battle subscribers than any other online provider. RAP GRID will air the first interactive episode of WHO GOT BARS tonight with new episodes airing every Friday at 6pm ET/5pm CT.
WHO GOT BARS is a showcase for nFusz's notifiLIVE and notifiTV interactive video technology that allows viewers to interact with the program in real-time. The show can be viewed at www.rapgrid.com/whogotbars with full interactive capabilities on virtually any mobile device or computer, including browser-based smart TV's. No software download is required. nFusz's notifiLIVE and notifiTV technology allows show sponsors and advertisers to sell merchandise to viewers and complete ecommerce transactions right in the video during the show, resulting in substantially higher advertising ROI than traditional non-interactive programming.
WHO GOT BARS features 12 of Los Angeles' hottest young free-style rappers, going head-to-head in a bracket-style, elimination competition. The winner will take home a cash prize and receive recording sessions with world-renowned Hip Hop producer Mally Mall, producer of such artists as Tyga, Drake, Justin Bieber, Future, Sean Kingston, French Montana, Pusha T, Snoop Dogg, Chris Brown, TyDolla$ign, Lupe Fiasco, & Usher, among many others. The winner will then move on to face the winner from the New York competition. Follow-on competitions will be held in Atlanta, Chicago, Miami and other cities. The winner of the US-based competitions will go on to battle the winner of the London, UK competition. Viewers can also expect music industry celebrities to appear in future shows.
WHO GOT BARS is expected to engage a large online audience, nationwide, leveraging both RAP GRID's subscriber base and the social media followers of the individual contestants whose combined YouTube views total more than 10,000,000. Interested viewers can watch the series and vote live for $0.99 per episode on www.RapGrid.com.
"RAP GRID is hands-down the market leader in online pay-per-view and video-on-demand rap battle content," states Rory J. Cutaia, nFusz CEO. "They have the largest fan base as well as the largest library of rap battle content in the world. And as the market leader, RAP GRID is the perfect partner to debut the next-level in rap battle programming - our notifiTV-powered WHO GOT BARS interactive rap battle competition," continues Mr. Cutaia.
"We're thrilled to showcase nFusz's truly engaging interactive video production of WHO GOT BARS, where viewers can actually vote for their favorite rappers, chat on-screen with other viewers and even purchase merchandise, all in the video, and all in real time," states Gray Gannaway, RAP GRID Co-Founder. "Nfusz's notifiTV technology is a real game changer. Today's viewers want to do more than simply sit back and watch; they want to be engaged, they want to participate, to interact, and become part of the show. We look forward to incorporating it into more of our programming," continues Mr. Gannaway.
About nFusz, Inc.
nFusz, Inc. ( OTCQB : FUSZ) is a Hollywood-based digital tech company. Our proprietary next generation interactive video technology is the core of our new broadcast and cloud-based, Software-as- a-Service (SaaS) products. We offer subscription-based Customer Relationship Management (CRM), sales lead generation, and social engagement software on mobile and desktop platforms for sales-based organizations, consumer brands, and artists seeking greater levels of engagement and higher conversion rates. Our software platform can accommodate any size campaign or sales organization, and is enterprise-class scalable to meet the needs of today's global organizations. Our service is built around our proprietary 'Video-First' Notifi technology, which places interactive video front and center in all customer and prospect communications. With our flagship product, notifiCRM, we've re-invented what a CRM, lead-gen tool should be in today's video-centric business and social environment. Now watch for our live broadcast interactive video platform that will redefine what 'engagement' means in consumer video consumption. For more information on nFusz, Inc., visit www.nFusz.com.
Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements
This press release may contain "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In accordance with the safe harbor provisions of this Act, statements contained herein that look forward in time that include everything other than historical information, involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the Company's actual results. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and there are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by the Company, including, but not limited to, plans and objectives of management for future operations or products, the market acceptance or future success of our products, and our future financial performance. The Company cautions that these forward-looking statements are further qualified by other factors including, but not limited to, those set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and other filings with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (available at www.sec.gov). The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any statements in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
For more information, please visit: www.nFusz.com
Businesses in Henderson will be looking for new employees at a job fair Wednesday.
Jobertising.com teamed up with companies for the Henderson Career Fair scheduled to take place from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m. at the Sunset Station Hotel and Casino.
Hundreds of jobs will be available, according to Jobertising. Companies expected to attend include the Clark County School District, Nevada Job Connect, Crescent Schools of Gaming and Bartending, Sunset Station Hotel and Casino, ADT, Univision Communications, West Dermatology and more.
Attendees are encouraged to bring plenty of resumes and dress ready for interviews. To register for the fair, click here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Company responds to growing demand for specialized components for commercially-used bicycles
AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS and CEDAR PARK, TX--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - In recent years, the market has seen extraordinary growth in bike share programs, delivery fleets, and other bicycles that demand commercial grade components. NuVinci Cycling, a division of Fallbrook Technologies, is proud to introduce N330f -- the ultimate rental and commercial grade bicycle groupset.
The revolutionary N330f provides durability like no other transmission due to the specifically designed hardware components. With a ratio range of 330%, a maximum continuous torque of 80Nm and 200kg maximum permissible vehicle weight, this transmission is specifically designed for usage in the bike share and commercial environment. Throughout the product lifecycle, it offers the best value compared to existing solutions. This value is predominantly provided by N330f reducing service and maintenance costs compared to non-commercial grade, competitive products.
Solving common pain points
Common pain points for operators of bike share programs and commercial bicycle fleets include the misuse or even abuse of the bicycle by its user, high maintenance costs, and unpredictable service cycles. These pain points are addressed with the launch of N330f. "Our NuVinci hub technology protects the system from the usual wear and tear of a commercial duty cycle. Its extended system lifetime saves operating costs by minimizing out-of-service time and logistics and administration costs. NuVinci Cycling is the only supplier that offers a 1-year warranty for commercial grade applications. In addition, the unique NuVinci riding experience creates differentiation from the competition and drives subscriptions," summarizes Richard Hilgart, Product Manager at NuVinci Cycling.
Rider Benefits
Riding a N330f NuVinci Optimized™ bicycle means concentrating less on operating the bike and more on what's important such as traffic, road hazards, or the scenery. Stepless shifting works whether you are freewheeling, shifting under load, or waiting at a traffic light. Interruption of the ride caused by locked gears or even a broken-down bike is now a thing of the past. "Our customers value our NuVinci Optimized bicycles as they provide a riding experience like no other. This technology clearly differentiates us from our competition," concludes Andreas Weil from the Bike Share Program in Mainz, Germany.
Transmission and controller durability like no other
The N330f transmission includes an individual three-pawl freewheel which ensures even pawl engagement for higher durability, increasing the overall strength of the transmission. Also, the group offers a three millimeter offset sprocket. This enables the use of a one-eighth inch chain which lasts longer than regular chains. The pad-printed logo preserves and extends the high-end look of the product.
The associated, new C3f controller features a specifically-designed rubber material which ensures comfort, a better ride, and a longer grip life. The new cable locking screw (four millimeters) offers an extremely durable, overdrive cable end fixture and protects against higher pullout forces.
About NuVinci® Cycling
NuVinci Cycling, a division of Fallbrook Technologies Inc., moves people better through its product portfolio of smooth, stepless, automatic and integrated shifting products for bicycles and eBikes. The NuVinci technology incorporated in continuously variable transmissions (CVT) for bicycles has been providing the best rider experiences since 2006. NuVinci Cycling products include the Nfinity and Harmony group sets, utilizing the latest versions of the transmissions and controllers. Products from NuVinci Cycling are available globally in over 100 bicycle brands. For more information, visit www.nuvincicycling.com.
About Fallbrook Technologies
Fallbrook Technologies is the inventor of the revolutionary NuVinci® continuously variable planetary (CVP) technology, which enables performance and efficiency improvements for machines that use an engine, pump, motor, or geared transmission system -- including urban mobility vehicles, cars and trucks, industrial equipment, and many other applications. Fallbrook has a unique collective development model and community through which NuVinci technology licensees share enhancements, which adds to the value of the technology and accelerates product development. This approach enables forward-looking companies, who wish to create visionary new products with NuVinci technology, to move quickly from concept to market commercialization. Fallbrook is based in Cedar Park near Austin, Texas, USA and holds rights to over 800 patents and patent applications worldwide. For more information, visit www.fallbrooktech.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130348/Images/N330f_silver_disc-brake-948abde10764a37799e0b36e6d25c61b.jpg
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
When you're presented with an opportunity, do you tend to instinctively say yes or no?
Success starts with being a “yes” person: someone who says yes to exploring what's possible, rather than closing the door on opportunity. Yes is a discovery word and those who use it are discoverers; they are the people who embrace ideas and find reasons why they can succeed.
But despite the potential that the word wields, many people hesitate to say it — avoid it even. Instead of discovering possibilities, they search for certainty before uttering those three powerful letters. Often, these are the “no” people. Those who tend to shut opportunities down before they even get started.
When presented with an idea, do you first assess why it can't happen? If so, you likely find yourself among the crowd who are loss averse, meaning they'd rather avoid a potential loss than realise a potential gain. Frankly, most people hate to lose more than they love to win.
If I offered you Dh100 with no strings attached, or the chance of winning Dh200 with the flip of a coin, which would you choose? The obvious choice would be the Dh200 option since you would have nothing to lose, yet many people would opt for the safe bet and accept the Dh100.
Here's why: with a decision comes the very real possibility of making the wrong one. What if I chose the chance of winning Dh200 and lost? I could've had Dh100 yet instead got nothing.
In reality, however, I would not really be losing anything, because I would have been starting with zero. Simply put, we're willing to leave a lot of money on the table to avoid the possibility of losing.
Now, consider this scenario: I'm going to flip a coin and if it's tails, you'll have to pay me Dh10,000. How much should heads be worth for this to be acceptable to you? When I ask executives, their answers range from Dh20,000 (which is the statistical average) all the way up to Dh100,000.
Since most people prefer avoiding losses to making gains, the yes needs to be worth at least two times the loss if they are to view it as chance worth taking.
Status quo
If you ever start to say no primarily to avoid a possible loss, the chances are, your rationale is this: sticking with the status quo feels much better, even if we know it's costing us money. Adherents to this philosophy feel safe, but rarely experience the thrill of winning.
Of course, all this is not to say that “no” is always the wrong choice. On the contrary, it can often be a good call. The Apple design chief, Jony Ive, reminisces about Steve Jobs, “He would try to help me improve my focus by asking me, ‘How many times did you say no today?'”
To have extreme, laserlike focus, Jobs was always willing to reject a lot of opportunities, even if they sounded great. In their opinion, the more “no” responses, the better.
Ive says that at Apple, “There are a thousand nos for every yes.” But crucially, the no is in order to say yes. When you say yes too frequently, it hinders focus.
Prioritising
In another example, Warren Buffett reportedly gave Mike Flint, their personal pilot for 10 years, a simple lesson on prioritising. While talking with Flint about their career priorities, Buffet said, “You must have dreams greater than flying me around.” Flint confessed, “Of course.”
Here's the exercise Buffet gave to their pilot: first, make a list of 25 career goals. Second, do some soul-searching and circle the five highest-priority goals. Just five.
After Flint made their list and circled their top five, Buffett asked them “And what about the ones you didn't circle?”
Flint replied, “Well, the top five are my primary focus, but the other 20 come in a close second. They are still important to me, so I'll work on those intermittently as I see fit. They are not as urgent, but I still plan to give them a dedicated effort.”
“Say ‘no' to them. Avoid them at all costs.” Buffet urged Flint. They're what will distract you from the goals that really matter.
The relationship between yes and no can be confusing and dichotomous. Prematurely saying no shuts down opportunity, yet unlimited yes answers may distract you from your path to achievement.
Say no ... so you can say yes. But be sure you're saying no in order to focus, not to avoid a loss.
The writer is a CEO coach and author of “Leadership Dubai Style”. Contact them at tsw@tommyweir.com.
A woman posing as a sign language interpreter has baffled the hearing impaired after making gibberish gestures during a crucial police press conference in a high profile serial killer case.
As Tampa police Chief Brian Dugan announced important information about the case, phony interpreter Derlyn Roberts stood beside them and waved their arms around "like they were singing Jingle Bells".
"A lot of them were invented signs," said Rachelle Settambrino, a University of South Florida sign language professor.
"I wasn't able to understand anything they were saying."
Advertisement
Police say they did not request an interpreter for the press conference, and are baffled as to why Roberts (circled) was there signing gibberish.
Among the things Roberts signed, according to Settambrino, was the following: "Fifty-one hours ago, zero 12 22 [indecipherable] murder three minutes in 14 weeks ago in old [indecipherable] murder four five 55,000 plea 10 arrest murder bush [indecipherable] three age 24."
A mother of one of the victims, who is deaf, was at the press conference.
Tampa police assumed Roberts was a contractor from a company they use, but admit they didn't question them when they arrived.
"I allowed them to do it. I didn't ask enough questions," Tampa Police Department spokesperson Steve Hegarty said.
They assumed someone else at the department had arranged for them to come.
But the mistake has left many in the deaf community shaking their heads.
"I was disappointed, confused, upset and really want to know why the city of Tampa's chief of police, who is responsible for my safety did not check them out," Settambrino said.
Interpreter Derlyn Roberts (left) made no sense to hearing-impaired viewers during a crucial police press conference about a serial killer case. Photo / 10 News
Roberts has been arrested several times for fraud, and has one conviction.
They have yet to explain their actions and police say their actions are not a crime, but more of an ethical violation.
The drama is the latest in a flurry of apparently unqualified people delivering nonsense sign language at important occasions.
In September, an interpreter in Manatee County signed words like "pizza" and "monster" during warnings of a mandatory evacuation ahead of Hurricane Irma's arrival in Florida.
And in 2013 a fake interpreter signed gibberish during a memorial service for Nelson Mandela in South Africa, which was attended by world leaders.
Hyundai Motorsport has its sights firmly set on victory at Rallye Deutschland, as the WRC returns to tarmac for the first time since April's Tour de Corse, where the team registered the first of its three wins of the 2017 season to date.
The German round of the FIA World Rally Championship (WRC) is the tenth event of the season, and a home rally for Hyundai Motorsport, whose factory in Alzenau is situated just over two hours away from the service park.
Leading the way
The scene of its first WRC victory in 2014, the team has always performed strongly at Rallye Deutschland. Thierry Neuville and Dani Sordo have registered two podiums apiece at the event; a 1-2 in 2014, led by Neuville, was followed up last season with a 2-3, headed by Sordo.
The 2017 edition will have extra poignancy for Hyundai Motorsport with Neuville leading the Drivers' Championship on 160 points, equal with reigning Champion Sébastien Ogier.
All three crews, Neuville and Nicolas Gilsoul, Sordo and Marc Martí, as well as Hayden Paddon and Seb Marshall, will be looking to bounce back from a difficult Rally Finland and reassert the team's championship credentials.
Return of tarmac
Rallye Deutschland joined the WRC in 2002 after being part of the European Championship since 1982. Although there are many new elements to this year's event, it retains its unique combination of tarmac stages: from twisty vineyards to the multi-surface Baumholder military roads, including the dreaded Hinkelstein rocks, to country roads.
The service park has moved from its Trier location to Bostalsee, with Thursday's ceremonial start and opening Super Special Stage being held in Saarbrücken. At 309.17km of special stages, Rallye Deutschland is one of the shortest rallies on the calendar, but run over 21 stages there are plenty of challenges and demands for crews to negotiate.
To prepare for the rally, all crews have tested the Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC on tarmac with car settings varying significantly from the recent run of gravel rallies. Two days of running at Baumholder in July were followed by four days in the vineyards at the start of August.
Team Principal Michel Nandan said: “Rallye Deutschland is one of the highlights of the season for Hyundai Motorsport. It is our home event, and an opportunity for us to bring the WRC action closer to everyone who works so hard in the Alzenau factory. We are moving back to tarmac after a long, and generally positive, run of gravel rallies. We had a tough weekend in Finland, but we are determined to return to form in Germany, where we scored our first victory in 2014 and a double podium last year. We don't automatically assume we will be able to repeat that sort of performance – especially with the competition in this year's Championship – but that's certainly our aim. With Thierry leading the Drivers' Championship, we are all motivated to secure a strong combined team result.”
Crew Notes: Paddon/Marshall (#4 Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC)
Rallye Deutschland will be the first tarmac event of the season for Paddon and Marshall as a crew. The duo showed their potential on gravel with a Polish podium, so will be looking to adapt quickly to the German tarmac terrain next weekend.
Paddon said: “Rallye Deutschland is a unique rally, almost three events rolled into one. We have vineyards, public road and the classic Baumholder military sections, which combine to make it an interesting challenge. We will be using the rally as a way to develop ourselves further and to build up confidence and performance on tarmac. Being so close to the team's home base in Alzenau gives us extra incentive.”
Crew Notes: Neuville/Gilsoul (#5 Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC)
Championship leader Neuville has scored more WRC victories than any other driver this season, with wins on Corsican tarmac, and the gravel roads in Argentina and Poland. Alongside co-driver Gilsoul, they will be looking to extend their advantage in Germany, where they have taken a win and a third place in the past three seasons.
Neuville said: “Germany is usually a really good event for us, as a crew and as a team. We have great experience and memories from there, particularly from our first WRC win in 2014 with Hyundai Motorsport. Heading into this year's edition leading the Championship is something new, but I am really looking forward to opening the road. Hopefully, we can enjoy another strong performance, and try to increase our lead in the classification. It won't be easy, but we know we can be fighting at the front.”
Crew Notes: Sordo/Martí (#6 Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC)
Sordo and co-driver Martí are relishing a return to tarmac for the first time since scoring an impressive third place in Corsica. The Spanish crew has two second-place results to their name in Rallye Deutschland as a Hyundai Motorsport crew, in 2014 and 2016. The target is to register their third top-three of the season, and third German podium in four years.
Sordo said: “It will be enjoyable to get our Hyundai i20 Coupe WRC back on tarmac after a long run of gravel rallies. We've had some highs and lows in recent events, so I am aiming to build up some consistent and competitive results in the coming rounds. Germany is a nice event with some tricky roads. The wider 2017-specification WRC cars will be a challenge on some of the narrower vineyard roads, and we will also have an eye on the weather. I am in a positive frame of mind and ready to hunt down another German podium.”
Rallye Deutschland at a glance
The second tarmac rally of the season is run over 21 stages and a total competitive distance of 309.17km.
The first complete day takes in narrow, hairpin bend filled vineyard roads overlooking the Mosel. For 2017, three runs of a new super special will be held at Wadern-Weiskirchen.
Saturday moves onto the military Baumholder roads for the Panzerplatte tests, with mixed tarmac surface and the traditional, unforgiving Hinkelstein rocks lining the stages.
Sunday is a new-look itinerary with stages held on country roads near to the France and Luxembourg border, as well as stages close to the Bostalsee service park, including the new St Wendeler Land Power Stage.
Facial and Body cleansing has become essentially these days as a tool to keep you clean. Be it the dead skin problem, the dust and pollution factor or the Makeup removal problem. All these things do not just go with the daily bathing. The skin needs something extra, some exfoliation in order to be its natural self, to breathe and live. It is a proven fact how these things make the skin look younger and brighter. Body and face cleansing also have numerous benefits that we will discuss here.
Fine lines and wrinkles
A regular and routinely use of the Face cleanser helps in smoothing down the fine lines, relaxing the pores of the face and body and simultaneously removing the wrinkles as a result. Numerous test trials conducted across the globe have shown an increase in the skin glow and smoothness.
Increased blood circulation
A gentle massage is delivered while the cleansing is in operation and with it there goes the possibility of dead tissue. The soft tissue massage helps in providing the essential nutrients to the tissue areas with the renewed blood circulation.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The ophthalmology field requires medical devices for several functions such as diagnosis, vision care, and surgery. The development of innovative devices and increasing application of technology in ophthalmology has paved way for consumers to have practical and economical solutions for various eye-related disorders such as vitreoretinal disorders, refractor disorders, and cataract. The most significant share of the global ophthalmic devices market is contributed by vision care devices. These devices include contact lens, spectacles, and lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions for eyewear as well as for surgical devices.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=283
Several factors such as a rising geriatric population and increased focus on healthcare are driving the global market for ophthalmic devices, which was valued at US$12.92 bn in 2011 and is estimated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 5.10% to reach a global valuation of US$18.28 bn by 2018.
One of the primary factors for the upward trend in the ophthalmic devices market is the rising geriatric population. It is observed that the aged are more prone to developing eye-related disorders, such as glaucoma and dry eye, and are the target customers of ophthalmic device manufacturers. Moreover, several emerging economies in Asia Pacific are increasingly investing on healthcare infrastructure and promoting awareness about these common disorders which in turn is aiding the regional market for ophthalmic devices. The market growth is also boosted by continuous advancements in the field of medical technology to develop novel products that are more efficient and accurate.
One of the primary restraints in the growth of the global market for ophthalmic devices is high cost of some devices, particularly those that are exported. Additionally, the lack of skilled professionals, especially in the rural regions of emerging economies, is another prime concern for manufacturers.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=283
Among North American countries in 2011, the U.S. held the largest share in the market for ophthalmic devices across all segments, followed by the U.K. which lead the European region. These two western country markets are experiencing rigorous competition due to mushrooming local device manufacturers while prominent players with higher market penetration levels are focusing more on devices with diagnosis and surgery applications. The report provides the geographic analysis of all major countries including U.S, Canada, UK, Italy, Spain, Germany, France, Japan, China, India, Brazil, and Mexico.
Emerging economies such as China, India, Japan, Brazil, and Mexico are estimated to experience a higher growth rate than the global rate in the market for ophthalmic devices during the forecast period. This shift is a result of investments by many prominent manufacturers in these emerging markets to gain early momentum.
The global market for ophthalmic has also been analyzed on various parameters such as application, disorder, and device type. On basis of application: diagnosis, surgery, and vision care devices; on the basis of disorder: cataract, glaucoma, refractor disorders, vitreo retinal disorders, and vision care. There are a variety of devices available in the market, including high-end to low-end devices such as phoropters, refractors, contact lenses, lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions, spectacles, scanning laser polarimetry devices, retinscopes, and ophthalmoscopes.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=283
Some of the most prominent players who are driving growth in the ophthalmic devices market include: Essilor International, Johnson & Johnson Vision Care Inc., CIBA Vision Corporation, Solotica Lentes de Contato, Alcon Inc., Bausch & Lomb Incorporated, Abbott Medical Optics Inc., Cooper Vision Inc., Carl Zeiss AG, and Hoya Corporation.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
I can, without fear of contradiction, claim to be the last coach to pick a Lions tour party for New Zealand.
It was a slightly surreal experience, sitting down over a cup of tea to repeat that exercise, this time - for fun, rather than for real.
Not quite so stressful.
As everybody knows, things went badly for us in 2005 against an outstanding New Zealand side and I would be the first to acknowledge that I got some selections wrong.
Selection is an art, not a science, but it is the No 1 job of the coach. Bad injuries, bad luck and great opponents will all come into play, but if you get your core selection right, you have a chance.
The most important criteria of all are current fitness and form. Nobody should be selected on reputation in the hope that they come good. That was a mistake I made in 2005 with several players, including Jonny Wilkinson.
On their 2003 form, Jonny was the first name on the 2005 Lions team-sheet, but they had been beset by injury and had played no test rugby in between.
Yes, when I selected him, Jonny was, for that short period, injury free and had played a few games for Newcastle, but that is a million miles away from being match fit and ready take on the All Blacks.
I had this dream of a midfield of Jonny at 12 and Brian O'Driscoll at 13, which I felt was key to us really challenging the All Blacks, but it was wishful thinking on my part and unfair on Jonny, who really tried everything they could to be ready.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Kiwi Ben Te'o tipped for Lions tour, head-to-head with SBW Rugby: Aussie wing Drew Mitchell to retire at end of French season Rugby: Sam Warburton to be named at British and Irish Lions captain for second consecutive tour
We also lost Brian in the first minute of the first test. The nearest I've ever got to working in earnest with this dream team was in the ITV studios during the recent Six Nations!
It was a painful lesson and if I was involved 12 years on, I would base the selection pretty much on the Six Nations, with the recent European Cup quarter-finals as a final top-up.
Everybody who gets on the plane must be 100 per cent fit and ready to go. New Zealand just is not the place for anybody who is not totally on top of their game.
Having said that, we have two particular situations that need a little flexibility. George Kruis is poised to return for Saracens after a long lay-off, while Sam Warburton has developed a knee ligament problem that needs six weeks' rehab.
Kruis is absolutely the type of second row the Lions need in New Zealand, and with Saracens involved at the sharp end of the European Cup and Premiership, they will have a chance to prove their fitness and form before the Lions depart.
I would leave a space for them in the squad on Wednesday, but if they don't play to Warren Gatland's satisfaction over the next month or so, they should be withdrawn. Heaven knows, it's one area where the Lions aren't exactly lacking!
After a fine Six Nations, Warburton is my tour captain and a nailed-on test starter, and if the medics are correct, they would be fit to play in the tour opener on June 3. But as a back-up, I would take an additional flanker, which is again an area of huge strength for the Lions.
Warburton has shown previously that they come back with a bang after injuries, but if there is any doubt about their form during the tour, you simply make the call and omit them from the first test. In that scenario, Owen Farrell should captain the team.
I would, though, have Dylan Hartley as hooker.
The optimum size of a modern-day tour party to New Zealand is a big subject, which I will return to at length, but I would definitely have asked the Lions committee to extend the accepted 37 to a minimum of 39 to cover for the likes of Warburton.
Don't forget, we already know that Warren's squad will leave without a raft of frontline players at the start of the first week, who will be arriving later from the Premiership and Pro 12 play-off finals.
It shows rugby in a very poor light that those finals weren't brought forward.
I would also emphasise the key role of the nominated reserves. History shows us that there is every chance of a reserve not only joining the squad, but even making the test team - Martin Johnson in 1993, Ryan Jones and Simon Easterby in 2005.
That's how it goes sometimes.
The reserves need to be fully motivated and I would ask them to be part of all the pre-tour meetings and the week together, before the main party departs. Psychologically that could be hard, but selfless teamwork is one of the things that can make this Lions squad successful.
All four Home Unions are touring with powerful squads. Scotland in Australia and Wales in the South Pacific are particularly well placed for those immediate calls, and I'm sure Warren will keep in close touch with all the coaches.
Of course, it's a disruption, but it's for a common purpose, giving the Lions every chance on the toughest tour of all.
Back Three
Stuart Hogg (Sco), Leigh Halfpenny (Wal), Liam Williams (Wal), George North (Wal), Anthony Watson (Eng), Chris Ashton (Eng). Reserve: Tommy Seymour (Sco)
Five automatic selections for me - Hogg is an exceptional talent, Halfpenny's kicking is still top class, Williams has done well against New Zealand, North is a world beater when fully on their game and Watson is a blazing talent.
The sixth spot did make me ponder - the all-round reliability of a Seymour or Jack Nowell, the proven year-on-year try-scoring nous of Ashton or the little bit of X-factor Simon Zebo can bring?
It was a close call, but I just fancy the force is with Ashton right now. They score tries for fun.
Outside Centre
Jonathan Joseph (Eng), Garry Ringrose (Ire), Elliot Daly (Eng)
Good strength here. Jonathan Joseph - brilliant one day, not so brilliant the next - and the hugely promising Garry Ringrose, while I remain convinced Elliot Daly could also come steaming through.
Daly does, of course, also provide expert cover for the back three.  They are just the kind of player you need on tour.
Scotland's Huw Jones would undoubtedly have figured, but for injury.
Inside Centre
Robbie Henshaw (Ire), Jonathan Davies (Wal). Reserve: Alex Dunbar (Sco)
OK, I'm assuming Owen Farrell is the first choice 12, but I am going to list them at No 10 for reasons I will explain. Henshaw is the next best 12, but they are a very different player to Farrell, while Dunbar is another strong contender.
I am however very reluctant to leave Davies out.  They are playing well enough, without tearing trees down, and New Zealand will galvanise him.
Fly-Half
Johnny Sexton (Ire), Owen Farrell (Eng), George Ford (Eng). Reserve: Dan Biggar (Wal)
I'm listing Farrell at 10, although all being well, they will start at 12 in the test team, with Sexton the fly-half. If Sexton gets injured, Farrell will switch to 10.
They are very similar players with complete skill sets and very flinty edges in defence. -
like for like. It also gives you the flexibility of not needing to pick a 10 on the bench.
As back-up, I'm going for Ford, who brings something different.
Scrum-Half
Conor Murray (Ire), Rhys Webb (Wal), Ben Youngs (Eng). Reserve: Greig Laidlaw (Sco)
Murray and Webb pick themselves. Murray has arguably been Europe's player of the season and is favourite to start the tests.
I like Webb, he's a ball of energy, with attitude.
New Zealand have two world class No 9s in Aaron Smith and TJ Perenara, and the Lions need to match them there.
A very close call for the third spot. Youngs at their best is a lovely attacking nine and he's in ... just.
Loosehead Prop
Jack McGrath (Ire), Joe Marler (Eng), Mako Vunipola (Eng). Reserve: Cian Healy (Ire)
Not a massively difficult selection. McGrath has been in very good form for Ireland recently and is keeping out a class player like Healy, so they are the market leader, closely followed by the England duo of Vuniploa and Marler, who deputised excellently when Vunipola was injured in the Six Nations and rediscovered their mojo.
Both are worth a place in my party.
Hooker
Rory Best (Ire),Dylan Hartley (Eng), Ken Owens (Wal). Reserve: Jamie George (Eng)
The big question is whether to pick Hartley above George. I would every time - and that's no slight on George.
They have a big future but he's not quite there yet.
Everybody on tour must be capable of starting all three tests. Hartley fits that category - they started all 18 matches in England's record-equalling run.
Tighthead Prop
Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Dan Cole (Eng), Tomas Francis (Wal). Reserve: Zander Fagerson (Sco)
Again, not too much midnight oil burned here.
Furlong has been a revelation at the set-piece and in the tight. They were a winner against New Zealand in the autumn and a big player for Ireland, when they beat England last month.
They travel as the first choice, with the reliable Cole to press for test selection, while the burly Francis just shades the promising Fagerson for third spot.
Lock
Alun Wyn Jones (Wal), George Kruis (Eng), Maro Itoje (Eng), Iain Henderson (Ire), Joe Launchbury (Eng). Reserve: Devin Toner (Ire)
This wasn't easy. I've gone for the best athletes, who also have a stack of attitude and physicality, because they will need it.
Kruis and Itoje are England's premier pairing when fit, Henderson played their way in with a barnstorming performance against England.
I am painfully aware this is very tough on Toner, the Gray brothers and Courtney Lawes, who would make most Lions tour parties.
Flanker
Sam Warburton (Wal), Justin Tipuric (Wal), CJ Stander (Ire), Sean O'Brien (Ire), Peter O'Mahony (Ire), Ross Moriarty (Wal). Reserve: John Barclay (Sco)
Your back-row players are in the front line down in New Zealand. That is where the battle is fiercest and the attrition rate can be high and, given the Warburton injury scenario, I would include six flankers in the squad.
Warburton and Tipuric pick themselves really, but as a litmus test I asked myself "would they improve the world-record equalling England team?" The answer was yes.
The Irish boys are also on fire. Sean O'Brien has had some big injuries, but they now seem back to their very best and they will love it in New Zealand.
Stander is so strong and O'Mahony is a tough case and top lineout operator. Barclay should keep their mobile on though.
No 8
Billy Vunipola (Eng), Toby Faletau (Wal). Reserve: Jamie Heaslip (Ire)
Very little discussion needed. Both Vunipola and Faletau have had big injuries this season but both are back and firing on all four cylinders. They have the power to really hurt the Kiwis. Heaslip has a proud Lions record and will slip straight in if required.
- Daily Mail
Willie Walsh, chief executive of Aer Lingus parent, International Airlines Group (IAG), says the business is happy with the response to its new budget carrier, Level.
IAG launched the new Barcelona-based airline in March and it plans to begin flying to LA, San Francisco, Buenos Aires in Argentine and Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic from June.
The move is designed to combat the launch of cheap transatlantic services by the likes of Norwegian, which will begin services from Ireland to the US in July, and Wow, which offers flights from the Europe to north America via Rekjavik.
Mr Walsh said over the weekend that bookings on its site, flylevel, are strong, with more than 50 per cent of customers in the key 18 to 34 years age bracket. “So it´s an interesting demographic,” they told CNN´s Quest Means Business.
Speaking to the same programme, commentator Ben Schlappig, editor of travel blog, One Mile at a Time, said that it was a case of “monkey see, monkey do”.
They argued that the threat posed by Norwegian and Wow was such that British Airways – one of IAG´s other three airlines – had “no choice” but to follow with a low-cost carrier of its own.
They noted that there were suggestions that British Airways could introduce paid-for meals on its transatlantic economy flights in much the same as Norwegian is already doing.
Shortly after Norwegian announced details of its Irish services, Aer Lingus chief executive, Stephen Kavanagh, indicated that the airline could introduce cheaper no-frills fares on its transatlantic flights, that would exclude elements normally found in ticket prices.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Weight loss drink Skinny Sprinkles has defended its decision to broadcast an advert during ITV2's Love Island.
ITV has been slammed by outraged fans over airing appetite suppressant and breast enhancement surgery adverts during Love Island.
This weekend, NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens hit out at the broadcaster.
They said the ads put pressure on young people over their body image and urged broadcasters to look "very carefully at the kinds of impacts that it is having".
Last night, an ad promoting an appetite suppressant called Skinny Sprinkles drew ire on social media.
“Fuming about the Skinny Sprinkles ad in the break of Love Island on ITV hub,” @inf1nity_bey0nd tweeted.
“Just making money from the insecurities of people made to feel like s*** by comparing themselves to everyone on the show.”
A Skinny Sprinkles spokesperson said: “Skinny Sprinkles contains Glucomannan which is listed on the EU Health Claims register to aid weight reduction as part of a calorie controlled diet.
“It is on the register because the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) examined the studies carried out on Glucomannan and concluded that those studies demonstrated its efficacy.
“During the making of the advertisement our production company worked tirelessly to ensure that it adhered to the UK code of broadcast rules on the content of the advertisement.
“Skinny Sprinkles is not intended to be used as a meal replacement, it is designed to work alongside a healthy balanced diet and our healthy eating and exercise plan.
“With our plan, members still eat three meals a day and can enjoy everyday foods like fruit and veg, bread, cheese, pasta, lean meat, fish and more.
“There are even some treats in the plan, such as a glass of wine, olives and chocolate, which means our members can enjoy the foods that many diets ban without any guilt.
“Skinny Sprinkles is a responsible brand and we are careful who we sell to.
"We offer a safe and effective weight loss solution, which has helped thousands of customers transform their lives, by helping them lead a healthier and more active lifestyle allowing them to reach their goals.”
Another tweeted: "Hey @itv2 PLEASE don't advertise weight loss products during #Loveisland - you've got an impressionable audience who might already be worrying about the way they look. Be responsible. Be better."
"Skinny Sprinkles?! ITV are you have you having a laugh? #loveisland " another wrote.
Another wrote: "Also fuming about the “skinny sprinkles” ad in the break of Love Island on ITV hub.
"Just making money from the insecurities of people made to feel like s**t by comparing themselves to everyone on the show."
"Skinny sprinkles during the love island adverts... can we not just promote a balanced diet and exercise instead?" another asked.
An ITV spokesperson told BirminghamLive : "ITV takes its responsibility to viewers very seriously and ensures adverts broadcast during our programmes adhere to the The UK Code of Broadcast Advertising's rules on the content and scheduling of advertising.”
On Thursday, The New York Times published an article detailing allegations of sexual harassment against big-time Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein. The allegations come from multiple women and date back nearly three decades. The article included allegations from actor Ashley Judd, who said Weinstein “asked if they could give them a massage or they could watch them shower.” They added that “women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Mark Gill, former president of Miramax Los Angeles, which Weinstein co-founded, was quoted in the article saying that "from the outside, [the company] seemed golden — the Oscars, the success, the remarkable cultural impact. But behind the scenes, it was a mess, and this was the biggest mess of all..." They also said that "if a female executive was asked to go to a meeting solo, they and a colleague would generally double up” to avoid being alone with the powerful producer.
A confusing series of statements accompanied the Times article: Weinstein responded to the paper, writing that they have "long way to go" and they want to "conquer" their "demons." One of their lawyers, Lisa Bloom, told the Times that "he denies many of the accusations as patently false" (and added that he's "an old dinosaur learning new ways"). Then, after the article was published, another of Weinstein's lawyers, Charles Harder, refuted the story and threatened to sue the outlet on their client's behalf.
OK?
Whatever happens with that lawsuit, Weinstein's initial statement to the Times lives on — and it's disturbing, to say the least. Let's break down the most questionable aspects of that statement and shed some light on the persistent problem of sexual harassment in America.
They begin:
I came of age in the 60's and 70's, when all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different. That was the culture then.
Hmmm. It's appearing he's talking about the Mad Men-era, which, as a white male born in 1953, might've been around when they grew up, but the bulk of their actual career took place in the 80s, 90s, and into the 2000s, when sexual harassment in the work place was very much a topic discussed.  They are a 65-year-old man — they have been in the culture now for quite a long time, and has had years upon years to catch up. I don't still use a flip phone because it was the mobile phone that was in the culture when I came of age. How long will old white men be able to excuse away their behavior by saying they thought it was OK because Don Draper did it?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Newsflash: Talking about sexual harassment in the workplace didn't just become a "thing" in 2017. Workplace sexual harassment violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and has been in the forefront of much of the public consciousness for quite some time. You can't tell me Weinstein wasn't aware of some of the higher profile cases, like Anita Hill's testimony against U.S. Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas in 1991, which dominated the headlines that year. Further, you'd be hard pressed to find a person who was alive in the '90s who wasn't familiar with the iconic, "It's called sexual harassment and I don't have to take it!" ads. (These were such a thing that I used to scream them at boys on the playground in grade school when they so much as took the Four Square ball from me. I didn't fully grasp it then, but I was seven. In 1993, Harvey Weinstein was 41.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What I'm saying is — I was barely a person when those ads were aired non-stop on TV and I had some concept of their weight. I find it hard to believe that Weinstein wasn't aware of the wrong they were allegedly doing when they were allegedly doing it. More likely, we have a very real issue in this country where we protect powerful men in the workplace at the expense of all others.
Weinstein continues,
Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go. That is my commitment. My journey now will be to learn about myself and conquer my demons. Over the last year I've asked Lisa Bloom to tutor me and she's put together a team of people. I've brought on therapists and I plan to take a leave of absence from my company and to deal with this issue head on.
I will save you the money, Weinstein: Don't sexually harass anyone. It doesn't take a genius to follow one simple rule: Don't sexually harass anyone. Here's a quick rule of thumb: Treat every person who enters your work life in the exact same way. If a woman you find attractive enters the room, treat them like a fully-formed human being. To put it in easier terms for you to understand: treat them like you would a man.
They add:
I so respect all women and regret what happened. I hope that my actions will speak louder than words and that one day we will all be able to earn their trust and sit down together with Lisa to learn more.
Oh, man.
Weinstein needs intense sit-downs with a high-powered, high-paid lawyer (who happens to be a woman) to understand how to behave? I'm pretty sure any of my nieces or nephews could explain this to you in 30 seconds: Treat other human beings with respect.
It speaks to a festering rot in Hollywood (and in many other places) that nobody interfered with Weinstein's behavior sooner. Instead, multiple settlements were allegedly reached. Maybe they got a slap on the wrist, or a talking to, but it wasn't enough.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As someone who has worked in Los Angeles for five years, I've personally seen this type of thing happen, and heard equally horrendous stories about "talented" male directors and "esteemed" male producers, all of whom ruined the careers of amazing women with so much potential, simply because they (sometimes literally) couldn't keep it in their pants. How many women's careers are sacrificed to keep these men in positions of power? What amazing things would these women have done in their work lives? How much innovation and brilliance do we, as a nation, miss out on because of this?
They continue:
Jay-Z wrote in 4:44 "I'm not the man I thought I was and I better be that man for my children."
Jay-Z never wrote that.
Weinstein writes:
I want a second chance in the community but I know I've got work to do to earn it.
Sorry, Weinstein, but why do you get a second chance? (If these allegations are true, you've had chance upon chance upon chance to change; you did not.)
Why don't you (or some of your multiple proxies) reach out to all the women whose lives you've negatively affected and offer assistance in their careers? Retire, take full-time lessons from Lisa Bloom in how to be a person, and then donate your considerable wealth to helping women succeed in show business.
They continue:
Trust me, this isn't an overnight process.
Yeah, it's more like a 30-year process that should've never started, and when it did, it should've been nipped in the bud with a 10-minute conversation about how: 1. you shouldn't sexually harass anyone and 2. Now that you have, you're fired.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
They go on:
I've been trying to do this for 10 years and this is a wake-up call.
TEN YEARS? And being publicly outed as an alleged sexual harasser is what it took?
They continue:
I cannot be more remorseful about the people I hurt and I plan to do right by all of them.
I'm pretty sure you can be more remorseful, and this sloppy statement is a strong indication of that fact.
Weinstein's letter then takes an abrupt left turn:
I am going to need a place to channel that anger so I've decided that I'm going to give the NRA my full attention. I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy their retirement party. I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah.
Uh, OK? I thought you were gonna be in full-time sessions with Lisa Bloom on how not to sexually harass women? I guess I'm confused.
Also, the way Weinstein tries to shift focus onto the NRA reads to me as if he's saying, "Here's a real issue we're dealing with! I don't have time to deal with the petty business of women accusing me of routinely harassing them! I'm over here doing REAL work!"
Maybe Weinstein should be in full-time human lessons with Lisa Bloom if this is their pivot? Perhaps they could hand over the reins on the "important" work he's doing to some other people, preferably women, and allow them to lead the shift? If this is a man who (allegedly) didn't understand until 2007 that it wasn't OK to ask women subordinates to touch their body, perhaps they don't have the best judgment as far as, well, anything is concerned.
If Weinstein really wants to help anyone, perhaps they should be clearer about the conduct they say he's remorseful about and go about attempting to repair the real damage he's done. By the end of this messy statement, I can't help but feel like Weinstein wants a parade:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
One year ago, I began organizing a $5 million foundation to give scholarships to women directors at USC.
That's great, but, if these allegations are true, it's not nearly enough, and Weinstein gets no praise for starting to act like a human at 65 years of age.
Follow Laura on Twitter.
TEACHERS' unions have issued an ultimatum to Government to review their salaries and other pending welfare issues, threatening to go on strike at the beginning of the second term in May.
The teachers say next week they will demonstrate against poor remuneration as well as poor working conditions.
In an interview yesterday, Zimbabwe Teachers' Union (Zimta) chief-executive officer Mr Sifiso Ndlovu said teachers' unions met and resolved to down tools if their grievances are not addressed.
“We met as educator unions. There are nine teachers' unions in Zimbabwe and today six of them met. And those who met resolved that they are going to be tabling their grievances to Government with a view that they're going to be reviewed immediately and before the 9th of May,” said Mr Ndlovu.
They said the matters that teachers want to be reviewed immediately were salary increase as well as a leave days issue that has been pending for over two years.
Government suspended vacation leave days for teachers in 2016, arguing it could not afford relief teachers.
It argued that engaging relief teachers would see it parting with $2,565 million for the three months the substantive teachers would be on leave.
“You know the salary has not been reviewed since 2013 and then the leave issue, we are taking this back to the Ministry and Government to say that they must give us our leave regardless of whether the matter is still in the courts or not. “And then the rural allowance. You know a Government officer will go to sleep in the bush and get $40 per night but somebody works there and they get less than $15 for a whole month. You can see how unjust it is,” Mr Ndlovu said.
They said they also wanted a guarantee of safety for teachers ahead of the forthcoming elections.
“We also want them to address issues to do with victimisation as we go for elections.
“Some teachers are victimised and chased away from school on frivolous claims by parents and those issues border on political affiliation and political disposition of individuals. Security is now required as we move towards elections. We don't want to lose lives, we don't want to hear of people being maimed so we want that addressed before people die,” said Mr Ndlovu.
They said the teacher unions had agreed to have solidarity on the matters affecting them.
“The first two grievances are so urgent that we could have gone on strike as soon as possible but we said we have a new Minister, so we are going to give them time so that they can talk to the President to quickly address those issues,” said Mr Ndlovu.
Progressive Teachers' Union of Zimbabwe (PTUZ) Secretary General, Dr Takavafira Zhou, said they were giving Government a month's notice before resorting to industrial action.
“We are giving Government notice of industrial action with effect from the second term. We have noted that the President has gone to meet all other people except workers. We have given Government a months' notice to address the issues failure to which schools may fail to open next term,” said Dr Zhou.
“We won the issue of vacation leave but we are part of the group of civil servants that are not enjoying vacation leave. The issue of the new curriculum is not being treated with the urgency it deserves while the motivation of teachers has not been addressed.” Herald
Justin Trudeau
WASHINGTON
More than two decades ago, with Donald Trump already atop a real-estate empire, a young Justin Trudeau set out to explore the world.
They toured Europe and Africa with friends, hiding their beer from customs agents before boarding the Trans-Siberian railway to China. On the train, they sketched, read “War and Peace” and gazed at the remnants of the Soviet Union. It was a defining trip, he'd later write, that left them praising both diversity and compromise.
Both values will be tested today. The now-45-year-old Canadian prime minister — hailed by Joe Biden as one of the last champions of liberalism — heads to Washington for their first meeting with the new US president, 70, whose bellicose statements and immigration restrictions reveal a deep gulf between the two leaders.
But US liberals hoping for Trudeau to emerge as Trump's foil shouldn't hold their breath. He's already bitten their tongue and focused almost exclusively on an economic relationship that accounts for three-quarters of Canada's exports. The White House visit will test just how far Trudeau can go to woo the president and preserve trade without selling out their core values.
“We both got elected on commitments to strengthen the middle class, and support those working hard to join it,” Trudeau said last week. “And that's exactly what we're going to be focused on.”
They have little choice. Nearly two-thirds of all Canadian trade is with the US, the highest ratio of Group of 20 nations and quadruple all but Mexico. Almost all of Canada's oil goes to the US and most of the country's manufacturing is geared toward meeting US demand. Americans hold $1.8 trillion (Dh6.6 trillion) in Canadian assets, almost exactly the same amount held by Canadians in the US.
Till now, Trudeau's strategy has been to avoid becoming what their ambassador to the US called “collateral damage” in a trade war they consider to be largely aimed at Mexico.
Three senior emissaries — Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, Finance Minister Bill Morneau and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan — laid the groundwork for Trudeau's visit with their own trips last week to preach Canadian trade. Freeland has coined the lawmaker-by-lawmaker approach “granular diplomacy” and the trio, along with two other ministers, will join Trudeau at the White House to hammer home their message.
“When you get really tired of saying what you're saying, repeat it as often as possible,” Paul Frazer, a consultant in Washington and former Canadian diplomat, told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. “Because there are so many centres of power in this city.”
Trudeau's visit isn't without risk. Mexico's Enrique Pena Nieto already cancelled a meeting at the White House as relations sour, while Trump is said to have had a heated call with Australia's Malcolm Turnbull in part over a refugee deal. UK Prime Minister Theresa May courted the new president, declaring that “opposites attract” before later calling their travel ban “divisive and wrong.”
At home, Trudeau's popularity has waned in recent months. He's under pressure from the left-leaning New Democratic Party to denounce Trump. They partly did so, saying on Twitter after the US imposed travel restrictions that Canada's doors are open to refugees and posting a photo of themselves welcoming a Syrian family. Others are urging them to stick to business in Washington.
“It's going to be very important that Mr. Trudeau doesn't rise to some of the bait that they have in some of the Twitter feeds,” said Gerry Ritz, a former cabinet minister with the opposition Conservatives. “I think you have to take some of that on the chin and just let it go.”
Fortnite Battle Royale's new Blitz mode makes the fast-paced survival shooter even faster and harder to survive in. It's riotously fun for players who enjoy confrontation, but players who prefer more roundabout strategies might feel a little stressed out.
The limited-time mode makes slight alterations to Fortnite Battle Royale's theme that pick up the pace on each game, making them more light-hearted. When players drop from the Party Bus—it's squads-only—the playable area is already limited to a shrinking circle. Matches last a maximum of 15 minutes. There's a ton more weapons and gear than usual, too, which contributes to the mode's confrontational vibe. Every time I played, I died within the first couple of minutes, but made it through about half the game.
If you're a fan of Battle Royale's Tilted Towers, you'll love Blitz mode. That's the game's highly-populated city zone where players die quickly unless they're super resourceful, quick-thinking, and good with Fortnite's guns. Blitz mode converts the Tilted Towers' chaotic, items-rich feel into a gameplay mechanic. It's compellingly high-risk, high-reward. Players who are great at handling weapons will thrive in Blitz Mode. Players who prefer more passive play strategies might not enjoy it as much.
One downside to Blitz mode's easy-entry vibe is that the combination of the squads-only play and the low-investment feel can make for some crappy teamwork if you're queueing with strangers. In most of the games I played, teammates dropped wherever they wanted on the map, said ridiculous things over the mic, or completely ignored each other. One of my favorite things about collecting a lot of loot in Battle Royale—which the mode encourages—is arming teammates. Playing today, I noticed that teammates were a little greedier with weapons, likely since matches were short anyway and there wasn't a big incentive to get attached to one's randomly-chosen squad buddies.
While PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds is often made fun of because players can win by hiding in an attic for a half hour, Fortnite Battle Royale went in the opposite direction with the relative speed of its games. Everything about the game, from its cartoonish animations to its hilarious dancing, makes a play session feel like eating popcorn. Blitz Mode capitalizes on that. And because getting into a new game is so fast, strings of Blitz Mode games go by fast and with no resistance.
Global Biotech Flavors Market: Snapshot
The global biotech flavors market has gained significant impetus from the rising awareness among consumers, especially in the developed countries, regarding the potential adverse impact of artificially-produced food flavors on human health. The rising health consciousness among consumers has resulted into increased preference for natural ingredients among consumers across the world and the high consumer awareness pertaining the nutritional benefits of biotech flavors is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of this market in the coming years.
The global market for biotech flavors stood at US$430.6 mn in 2015. Expanding at a CAGR of 9.70% between 2016 and 2024, the opportunity in this market is likely to touch US$991.0 mn by the end of 2024. In terms of volume, the market is estimated to cross 23,980.3 tons market over the same time period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16178
Nowadays, consumers are more aware of the various nutritional values of fruits and vegetables, and the benefits such as increasing antioxidant levels, reduced risks of metabolic diseases, including obesity and diabetes, associated, with consumption. Biotech processes such as plant tissue culture, microbial fermentation, and bio-conversion, enable the conversion of fruits and vegetable ingredients into flavors without causing any adverse impact on its nutritional value and, hence, are considered as more natural compared to chemically synthesized flavors.
Fruity Flavor to Report Swift Growth in Demand
Based on the flavor, the global market for biotech flavor market is classified into vanilla and vanillin, fruity, and other flavors. Currently, the demand for other flavors is higher than vanilla and vanillin and fruity flavors. However, fruity flavor is expected to witness a high-paced growth in its demand over the next few years, thanks to the increasing consumption of processed food and beverages across the world.
Dairy products, confectionery products, bakery products, beverages, non-dairy ice cream, and nutraceuticals are the key application areas of biotech flavors. Among these, the beverages segment is expected to register a greater demand for biotech flavors in the years to come on the grounds of the increasing consumption of flavored beverages, worldwide.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/biotech-flavor-market.htm
North America to Continue as Market Leader
The global market for biotech flavors is stretched across the Middle East and Africa, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Latin America and is led by North America, thanks to the high awareness among consumers regarding the benefits of biotech flavors. In 2015, the regional market, followed by Europe, acquired a share of more than a share of 32% in the overall market. Researchers anticipate the North America market for biotech flavors to retain its leadership over the forthcoming years.
On the other hand, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness a high-paced growth in its market for biotech flavors in the near future, thanks to the strong demand for biotech flavors from emerging economies, such as China and India. The health and wellness trend is also expected to support the growth of the Asia Pacific biotech flavor market and prompt manufacturers to apply innovative strategies across the supply chain to ensure wide availability of biotech flavors for consumers over the years to come. Apart from this, the increasing demand for beverages in this region is expected to create vital opportunities for the players in the global market.
Managing elderly patients with COPD through empowerment
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Use of the empowerment approach is necessary for health promotion in older patients with COPD.
Demographic, familial, and social factors have important roles in the process of empowering elderly patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), according to a study published in PLoS One.
For elderly patients with COPD, empowerment techniques are central to reducing the severity or frequency of exacerbations, preventing hospitalization, and improving health-related quality of life.
Zahra Fotokian, from Babol University of Medical Sciences in Mazandaran, Iran, and colleagues included 24 patients with the goal of exploring people's experiences of the empowerment of older patients with COPD.
The following 3 strategies were applied in “managing life with COPD” by elderly patients with COPD, their family caregivers, and professional team members, respectively: “striving to keep abreast of life,” “preparing for battle with disease,” and “helping to stabilize the elder's life.” The outcome of these strategies was "co-existence with disease."
The potential of these strategies was "co-existence with ageing,” “personal potential,” “a challenged health system,” and “weak social support.” “Managing life with COPD” enables elderly patients to feel in control and live optimally, according to the researchers.
Striving to keep abreast of life consisted of 5 subcategories: information seeking, learning to lead a life with COPD, participation in care, independence seeking, and promoting socio-psychological capacities.
Preparing for battle with disease consisted of 3 sub-categories: using effective training techniques, accepting the role of the elder family member in treatment, and development of knowledge and professional skills. These ensure that healthcare providers use different ways to inform ill elderly patients and their families about the disease, treatment, diagnosis, physiotherapy and pulmonary rehabilitation, oxygen therapy, how to use Bi-PAP, and self-care.
According to the authors, the family and the elderly cooperate to overcome the disease, as if the disease has become the most important concern of the family and has affected family members' lives. Family caregivers of elderly patients with COPD can try to stabilize the lives of the elderly through cooperation with the team, support for the elderly, and improved patient care skills.
“The results of this study showed that demographic, familial, and social factors have important roles in the process of empowering elderly persons with COPD,” said the authors. “These factors occasionally facilitate the empowerment care process and sometimes make it difficult. By understanding these factors, healthcare providers can support elderly persons with COPD in managing to maintain independence in self-care and controlled co-existence with disease.”
Reference
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) — Two women who say they were sexually assaulted by actor Steven Seagal are set to discuss their allegations Monday.
A press conference was held at the law offices of Lisa Bloom, the attorney representing Regina Simons and Faviola Daddick.
Prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office last month said they were looking into sexual assault allegations against the “Hard To Kill” actor.
Actress Regina Simons recently told talk show host Megyn Kelly that Seagal raped them in 1993 while they were an extra on the film “On Deadly Ground”, but it wasn't clear whether the case being investigated involves Simons.
Simons is among several women who have accused Seagal of sexual assault over the years, including Jenny McCarthy, Portia de Rossi and Rae Dawn Chong.
Visit downtown Santa Barbara for 1st Thursday, an evening filled with free art, culture, music and fun! The Oct. 6 event will include more than 40 cultural art venues eager to show off new exhibits, artist receptions, demonstrations and live music.
October in Santa Barbara symbolizes a variety of seasonal occurrences. Leaves begin to change colors, the weather shifts to colder temperatures and appetites start to grow as epicure.sb is upon us! Come out to October's 1st Thursday to help kick off epicure.sb — a month to savor Santa Barbara.
Now in its third year, epicure.sb has grown into a 31-day culinary extravaganza that features food and drink festivals, cooking classes, winemaker dinners, seasonal menus, book signings, epicurean-inspired art exhibits and many other opportunities to sip and savor the bounty of the American Riviera! Many of our 1st Thursday venues are embracing epicure.sb as they feature food- and wine-related fun.
Let the foodie in you come out as you begin your monthly artwalk down State Street. Start off your flavorful evening at Pierre Lafond Wine Bistro, where you can enjoy the sounds of the Montecito Jazz Project over delicious appetizers and wine. Stroll over to Paseo Nuevo to visit featured retailer Viva Oliva for a special sampling of various foods using their delectable olive oils and balsamics.
Follow the scrumptious aromas to TonyRay's in the De la Guerra Plaza and join in the festivities with local and international art, live music and refreshments. Next, head over to Casa Magazine for the Third Annual Flan Contest and get a taste of the work of photographer Bill Heller, who focuses on all the beautiful things to do in the delicious Santa Barbara area.
Venture over to Bella Rosa Galleries where new paintings by Andrea Monlleo are featured in their show “Whatever the Cuisine,” which focuses on the natural bounty and artistic flare shared by local restaurants and wineries. Finally, don't forget to check out the Book Den, where you can meet Tracey Ryder and Carole Topalian, co-founders of Edible Communities, the nation's largest publishing company dedicated to the local food movement.
While 1st Thursday offers extraordinary exhibits and artwork indoors, be sure to check out the live performers and fun food activities outdoors. Santa Barbara Canning will showcase live demos on food preservation, freezing, dehydration and the art of water bath canning on the corner of State and Anapamu streets. Stop by Saks Fifth Avenue to enjoy the sounds of Inseazin as they play popular styles from Hawaiian folk music to classic and modern rock, originals and island reggae.
Stop by Casa de la Guerra for the Chocolate Taste-Off where some of your favorite downtown gourmet sweet treats are put to the test by local celebrity judges. Judging begins at 5:30 p.m. Take part in the fun with a chocolate-inspired guessing game for a chance to win a gift certificate to a downtown chocolate hot spot. After all of the food settles, make your way to Paseo Nuevo Center Court to savor the pop music sounds of Lily & Marley.
All of these attractions and many more are free during 1st Thursday. With more than 40 stops on this month's 1st Thursday map, there is sure to be something for everyone. Click here for more information and a complete listing of the specific programming at each gallery as well as all public performances and interactive exhibits.
— Kim Mercado is a marketing and event coordinator for the Santa Barbara Downtown Organization.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of their Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
It was a win that was met with sheer delight from the Blues fans.
They haven't seen so many goals for some time, and it's fair to say there aren't many fans who deserve it more!
You can see what they had to see in the video above.
Report
£6m man Jota grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to their own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for their second in as many games.
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through their grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip their head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
MUNICH (AP) — Robert Lewandowski wants to leave Bayern Munich, according to agent Pini Zahavi.
Zahavi told Sport Bild magazine on Wednesday that the Bundesliga's top scorer “feels that they need a change and a new challenge in their career.”
Zahavi, the Israeli agent who helped facilitate Neymar's transfer from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain last year, said Lewandowski's reasons “are not money or a specific club, as nearly all top clubs would like to have the world's best striker in their ranks.”
The 29-year-old Poland striker, whose contract with Bayern runs to 2021, wants to leave this off-season, Zahavi reportedly said.
“Everyone in Bayern's club leadership has a great career to show for themselves. They should understand their situation,” Zahavi added.
There was no immediate response from Bavaria.
Lewandowski has scored 106 goals in 126 Bundesliga games for the club since switching from league rival Borussia Dortmund in 2014. They helped the team win the league each year, chipping in 29 goals this season.
Speaking at Poland's World Cup training camp in Arlamow in the southeast of the country, Lewandowski was evasive when asked about Zahavi's reported comments.
“My manager is taking care of that and I want to focus on what should be done during the World Cup, how I should play,” Lewandowski said, referring to Zahavi. “This is what managers are for, to take care of such things, so that players can have a free mind.”
Bavaria chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge recently ruled out a transfer.
“We know what we have in Robert Lewandowski. Nobody need worry, they will also play football here in Munich next year,” Rummenigge said.
Lewandowski parted with previous agent Cezary Kucharski in February, when they turned to Zahavi.
Sport Bild reported that Real Madrid's interest has cooled after Lewandowski's failure to score in the Champions League semifinals against the club, but that Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester United are interested.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A rapist who fled the UK has been jailed after they walked into a Birmingham police station.
Jabar Ababakr, of no fixed address, entered the station in Sutton Coldfield in February and said they have been in Iraq visiting their dying mother.
The 33-year-old left the country after they raped a woman in Burton-upon-Trent in 2014.
They were arrested and pleaded guilty to the offences on March 16, 2018.
Ababakr had been the subject of an appeal made by Staffordshire Police on the BBC's Crimewatch series in July 2017.
Police praised the rape victim for their bravery in coming forward to report the attack, which happened on June 1, 2014.
Ababakr was jailed for 56 months for the two counts of rape and was sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on April 13.
Det Con Clare Davenport, of Staffordshire Police, said: “Thanks to the courage and determination of the victim in coming forward Ababakr is now behind bars.
“We will always do whatever it takes to bring offenders to justice, while ensuring victims and their families are offered the support they need.”
Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse, or suspects others may be subject to sexual abuse, is urged to contact the police on 101.
Alternatively, visit Crimestoppers or call anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The global office furniture market includes all furniture assets in an office such as cabinets, tables, seating furniture etc. Furniture is an important part of modern offices. Office furniture differentiates corporate buildings from residential buildings. Office furniture is also associated with employee productivity and overall work lifestyle of an employee. Employee ergonomics is heavily dependent on the seating furniture and desk furniture at the office. Most employees spend most of their daylight time in office; hence, offices need to provide them with good furniture.
Rising service industry, especially information and technology services is a key driver for growth of the global office furniture market. In recent years, service industry has grown significantly. Unlike manufacturing industry, service industry requires big corporate offices instead of big production plants. Service industry is human resource intensive. Quality and scale of the services is heavily dependent on human resources of a service company.
To acquire and to retain skilled employees, service companies need to improve work life of its employees. Furniture is a key aspect of work life of an employee in a service industry. Hence, service companies tend to buy quality furniture to acquire and retain employees. The growing service industry is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Multiple IT parks and commerce zones have standard furniture throughout the building, usually leased to companies. Large scale manufacturing of office furniture and standardization of office furniture helps office furniture manufacturers to minimize the costs. Due to automation in office furniture manufacturing, manufactures can design standard desks, cabinets, or seating systems at much lower cost as compared to customized requirements. Standardization of office furniture in IT parks and commerce zones is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Request Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=34508
Limited land for tree planting to harvest wood is a key restraint for wooden office furniture. Though demand for wooden furniture is high, supply of wooden furniture is limited to the availability of the wood resource. Wood production is limited to trees available for harvesting. Due to limited production of wood resource, other types of office furniture such as plastic/fiber or glass furniture are expected to capture some share of the wooden office furniture market.
Metal office furniture is expensive as the metallurgical process needed to acquire refined metal is expensive. However, strength and lifespan of metal furniture is much better than other types of office furniture. Metal office furniture segment is expected to expand significantly in the near future.
Get Table of Content for detail analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=34508
Plastic and fiber office furniture is lightweight as compared to wooden or metal furniture. It is also on an average, cheaper than wooden or metal furniture. Some type of plastic and fiber material are not sturdy and have a shorter lifespan while some fiber materials are very sturdy and have a longer lifespan. Prices of products in this category vary greatly depending on quality of plastic/fiber material used.
The global office furniture market can be segmented on the basis of furniture type, material type, and geography. On the basis of furniture type, the market can be segmented into seating, storage units, tables, ceiling and others. On the basis of material type, the market can be divided into four segments: wood, metal, plastic/fiber, and others. Others segment includes hybrid and glass furniture.On the basis of geography, the global office furniture market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and South America.
The Santa Paula Theater Center launches into summer with a new production of the Pulitzer-nominated comedy Second Samuel by Pamela Parker, which runs through Aug. 4 on its Main Stage at 125 S. Seventh St. in Santa Paula.
Second Samuel is directed by SPTC Managing Director Fred Helsel, produced by Leslie Nichols, with sets, lighting and costumes designed by Seth Kamenow, Gary Richardson and Barbara Pedziwiatr. Leticia Mattson serves as stage manager of the production, which stars Eric Burton, Dan Tullis, Doug Friedlander, Peggy Steketee, Scott Blanchard, Elixeo Flores, Sindy McKay, Maranda Mobley, Rick De Leon, Ron Flesher and Tammy Mora.
Boy, those Southern playwrights, like Southern novelists, just keep on coming, don't they? I wonder what it is about the region that gets all its children scribble-scribble-scribbling — and doing it so well. It can't be the quality of their public schools. Indeed, Parker admits to having had very little schooling, of an official nature, at all. What they had was a pair of grandparents who raised them and told their stories about life in the rural South in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
In the South, as William Faulkner wrote, “The past is never dead. It's not even past.” Pamela was a good and dutiful listener, with a fine ear for nuance and a gifted imagination that filled in the blanks in the characters of their grandparents' tales.
The eponymous “Second Samuel” is a small mill town in Georgia. It is “Second” because the first town named “Samuel” on that location burned to the ground and had to be completely rebuilt.
The name's Biblical echoes — “Samuel II” contains, among other things, a report of the death in battle of King Saul and their son, Jonathan (David's boyhood chum) and the memorable sentence, “How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!” — are no doubt deliberate, but whether they are merely there for surrealistic humor or speak to some underlying message in the play, I couldn't say.
Second Samuel is set in 1949. Here is how the play's publisher describes it: “It was a simpler time in the late 1940s, especially in South Georgia and specifically in a sleepy little town called Second Samuel. What had been called the Great Depression was quickly fading into memory. The war had been won, the election was now over, and ‘Give ‘em Hell Harry' was still president. It had been an exciting time for sure, but the folks in Second Samuel were ready for things to settle down and get back to normal. Except, this was the summer Miss Gertrude passed away, and deep dark secrets were about to be revealed. Nobody could have imagined how the death of one sweet little old lady would turn the entire town upside down, leaving everybody in Second Samuel wondering if anything would ever be normal again!”
Second Samuel plays at 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and Sunday matinees at 4 p.m. Tickets are $18 for adults, $15 for seniors and students, and $12 for children. Tickets can be purchased by calling the SPTC box office at 805.525.4645 or online by clicking here.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are their own.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
A grass fire burned six acres northeast of Los Alamo on Saturday afternoon before being contained, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
The blaze broke out shortly after 3:30 p.m. near Cat Canyon and Palmer roads, fire Capt. David Sadecki said.
Four county engine crews responded to the fire, along with a county helicopter and a bulldozer, and had it contained about 30 minutes later, they said.
Crews remained on the scene for several hours doing mop-up.
No injuries were reported, and the cause of the blaze remained under investigation, Sadecki said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
These are not the studies you're looking for. A scientist annoyed at the rise of bogus science journals has highlighted the problem by publishing “research” about “The Force.”
Researchers have to submit their work to an almost forensic analysis by competing experts in their field.
Only the strongest work gets published. At least, that's the theory.
Problem is, opportunistic publishers have identified a supply versus demand opportunity.
There are more researchers wanting to get their papers published than there is space among established journals.
So why not create a new one?
It could work. If they applied the same, almost judicial, standards.
To check, one neuroscientist going under the name Neuroskeptic decided to submit a “Trojan Horse” research paper to test their credentials.
“I wanted to test whether ‘predatory' journals would publish an obviously absurd paper,” they write.
The research pinned its subject on the fantastical Star Wars invention of “midichlorians” … a magical substance which carries “The Force.” The papers also blatantly plagiarized other people's work, was nonsensical and was full of basic factual errors.
Not enough red flags?
“I filled it with other references to the galaxy far, far away and submitted it to nine journals under the names of Dr. Lucas McGeorge and Dr. Annette Kin,” Neuroskeptic writes.
Four “predatory” science journals didn't care. They accepted the “research” at face value.
The International Journal of Molecular Biology: Open Access, The Austin Journal of Pharmacology and Therapeutics, The American Research Journal of Biosciences and The American Journal of Medical and Biological Research all accepted the paper. One even invited them to sit on their editorial board but only after demanding a $360 fee.
“Neuroskeptic” published their experience in the magazine Discover.
“For transparency, I admitted what I'd done in the paper itself. The Methods section features the line “‘The majority of the text of this paper was Rogeted [7.]'”
They add three journals did reject their paper, while a further two asked them to revise and submit the manuscript.
It is just one of a recent spate of “fake” research papers being sent to suspect journals.
One submitted a study based on a fictitious disease taken from a “Seinfeld” episode.
“This matters because scientific publishers are companies selling a product and the product is peer review,” Neurskeptic writes in Discover. “True, they also publish papers (electronically in the case of these journals,) but if you just wanted to publish something electronically, you could do that yourself for free.”
Former All Black Alama Ieremia has been appointed as Auckland rugby coach for the next three years.
Ieremia, 47, will take over the role fulltime in January as they try to improve the fortunes of a side that finished second bottom in the premiership division of this year's national provincial championship.
They say they will be looking at how to bring through Auckland's up-and-coming talent and mixing that with their Super Rugby experience.
"Auckland rugby is steeped in history," they said.
Advertisement
"The size of the union, the challenges of getting the best out of our players — these are some of the things that attracted me to the job and I'm really excited about it."
Auckland Rugby Union chief executive Jarrod Bear said the appointment came after an extensive global recruitment process.
Bear said Ieremia, who replaces Nick White, had experience across NPC, Super and international rugby.
"[He] has a clear vision and professional attitude which will position them well in leading the future success of the Mitre 10 Cup team," they said.
A midfield back, Ieremia played 40 matches, including 30 tests, for the All Blacks.
Their coaching CV includes stints as assistant coach at Japanese club Suntory Sungoliath under Eddie Jones, Wellington under Jamie Joseph, and the Hurricanes under Colin Cooper and Mark Hammett.
They became coach of Manu Samoa in 2016, resigning four months ago after the team finished bottom in the Pacific Nations Cup.
- NZN
A Solvang man was arrested for marijuana possession for sale Tuesday evening after Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department deputies searched their apartment.
Deputies responded to a noise complaint on the 1500 block of Acorn Way and found Alan Pugliese, 53, who is on felony probation, and two juvenile males.
Sheriff's Department spokesperson Kelly Hoover said deputies searched the apartment and found marijuana, hash oil, THC pills, THC-laced chocolate bars, syringes with hash oil, THC-infused bottled lemonade and hash oil candied taffy, many of which were packaged for resale.
Pugliese was arrested and booked into the County Jail on charges of possession of marijuana for sale after a narcotics detective determined that Pugliese was not complying with state medical marijuana laws, Hoover said. Bail was set at $20,000.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
—
AS Queensland moves to expunge historical gay sex convictions, the state government has said it won't wipe charges for people convicted of anal sex offences before the age of consent was lowered to 16.
The Palaszczuk government last month apologised to the hundreds of Queenslanders who were convicted for gay sex before the law was changed in 1991.
The age of consent for “sodomy” was lowered last year from 18 to 16, in line with the general age of consent, following lobbying by LGBTI rights groups.
The government has stated that people convicted of sodomy offences between 1991 and last year will not have their records expunged, Brisbane Times has reported.
Attorney-General Yvette D'Ath said the new bill to wipe historical convictions will retain the age of consent of 18, which was the law when gay sex was decriminalised.
“This retains the expungement scheme's nexus with the decriminalisation of consensual adult homosexual activity and confirms that the scheme is only applicable to homosexual charges and convictions,” said D'Ath when introducing the bill.
Justice and Attorney-General Department principal legal officer Sarah Kay reiterated on Wednesday that the expungements will not cover convictions between 1991 and 2016.
“The age of consent changes at various times in different jurisdictions for various reasons but this bill isn't actually addressing differences in the age of consent, it's addressing the decriminalisation of homosexuality,” they said.
“If we extended the scheme up to 2016 it would encompass people who may perhaps actually be currently serving sentences of imprisonment.
“We could exclude heterosexual convictions but that may be unfair.”
Under the new bill, people convicted of gay sex offences before 1991 can apply to have their convictions wiped.
The bill is still before a parliamentary committee.
TONASKET – The Tonasket City Council will be holding a special meeting on Wednesday, April 19th, 2017 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at Tonasket City Hall. The purpose of this meeting is to host a public workshop to review the cost/benefit analysis prepared for an area proposed for annexation.
The area under consideration include those properties lying east of US Highway 97, south to Midway Lumber and east to Longanecker Road. All interested persons are invited to attend. Those with special language, hearing or access needs should contact city hall, 509-486-2132, 24 hours prior to the meeting.
If you don't read fanfiction, it's hard to really understand the purpose it serves. At its worst fanfiction is self indulgent, but at its best, fanfiction transforms the work it's based on, and gives small moments in the canon more depth. A great example of how a derivative work can add to a piece of media is the incredibly popular Harry Potter fanfiction, The Shoebox Project.
Harry Potter was one of the largest fandoms in the early 2000s, which makes sense, because the Harry Potter books were an international phenomenon. Its fandom was preoccupied with shipping, the act of writing fanfiction about, or just generally liking a romantic pairing of two characters. Most fandoms were pretty ship heavy in a post X-Files, Scully/Mulder world, and the Harry Potter books did tease a little “will they, won't they,” with pairings like Ron and Hermione, which would only add fuel to the shipping fire. While Ron/Hermione is an easy ship to explain—they get together in the books after all—Sirius/Remus as a pairing wasn't as embedded in the text. These were two adult characters in the books that were friends with Harry's dad James when they were at Hogwarts with each other, and based on what readers knew about their history, it was a popular fan theory that they were lovers. The Shoebox Project was set during those school days at Hogwarts, and depicted Remus and Sirius first falling for each other.
GIF
The Shoebox Project was an ambitious, multimedia project, co-written by livejournal users Jaida and Rave. The fanfiction was meant to be a collection of letters and photos that one might keep in a shoebox under their bed. Its chapters varied from letters between Sirius and Remus, to a collection of handwritten notes, to more traditional fiction scenes, albeit ones that traded points of view between the characters every few paragraphs. To understand why this fic exploded, you need to know the context for the Sirius/Remus ship.
From what readers knew about Sirius and Remus's school days, they seemed quite dramatic. In the books, Sirius Black, who comes from an aristocratic family of Slytherins, is sorted as a Gryffindor on their first day of school. At sixteen, they run away and is taken in by the Potters. Remus Lupin's upbringing wasn't much better. They were attacked by a werewolf at five years old, and Dumbledore makes special accommodations for them to attend school by locking them in a creepy shack once a month. Sirius and Remus become the inseparable friends of James Potter and Peter Pettigrew. In the books, James, Peter, Remus and Sirius are portrayed as huge assholes—Sirius plays a prank on Severus Snape that almost gets them killed—but they all love each other deeply.
Advertisement
This might sound like nostalgia, but actually, The Shoebox Project holds up in 2018.
After graduation, during Voldemort's reign of terror, James and Lily Potter learn that their child is the subject of a prophecy, and Voldemort is out to murder him. The Potters are able to hide their location and give the key to finding them to their trusted friend Sirius Black. Sirius, paranoid and thinking that Remus may be a spy, passes this duty to Peter Pettigrew. Turns out the spy was Peter, and they betray the Potters, fakes their own death and frames Sirius. When we learn of the two characters in Azkaban, Sirius has just escaped prison, on the hunt for Pettigrew, and Remus has begun teaching at Hogwarts, and is seemingly friendless. When Sirius and Remus reunite, they embrace deeply. Shippers thought, “if Harry Potter is about prejudice against marginalized people, and there aren't any gay characters yet, wouldn't these two, with their history and intimacy, make sense?”
Two books later, Sirius Black fucking dies. Now, go back and reread the above two paragraphs, but imagine you are a person who thinks that Sirius and Remus were in love. This was brutal. It still hurts.
Advertisement
When The Shoebox Project fic started in 2004, a year after the book in which Sirius dies was released, it was immensely popular, at the level that it had its own fandom. People not only made fanart, they wrote Shoebox Project fanfiction. There were livejournal communities dedicated to sharing moments in people's lives that reminded them of The Shoebox Project. If you shipped Remus/Sirius, this was the tentpole fic you recommended to other people. Some fans even endeavoured to make an audio book version of it. It was a fic that was synonymous with the definition of fanfiction, to the point that when CNN and The Wall Street Journal wrote articles on what fanfiction was, they interviewed Jaida. But by 2005, updates slowed down and in 2008, the Shoebox website was hacked and all their original posts were lost. Luckily, a fan had archived their fic, but it seems in 2016 Jaida and Rave both decided that the fic has been completed.
GIF
The sheer ambition of this project still boggles my mind. The fic begins during summer vacation in 1975, when Sirius, Remus and the gang is sixteen, and was intended to continue up until the deaths of James and Lily Potter. The fanfiction depicts not only depict Sirius and Remus falling for each other, but shows James turning from a rich kid asshole into the courageous leader of a resistance. It gave Lily Evans, Harry's mother, depth, and gave context to Peter Pettigrew's eventual betrayal. In my mind, the fic wasn't just a derivative work. Reading The Shoebox Project made more sense than Harry Potter's actual canon at times. It healed a wound in my thirteen year old heart.
Advertisement
This might sound like nostalgia, but actually, the fanfiction holds up in 2018. The fic isn't just touching and well-written written, it's also incredibly funny. When I read it in the office recently, I held my breath to stop myself from laughing out loud. In The Shoebox Project, the two authors split the characters between them, with Rave writing as Sirius and Jaida writing as Remus. This structure gives the characters very distinct voices that show the differences between them, and also their love for each other. Reading the letters and notes they write each other feels intimate, and because each author handles their own character, authentic. You can see the underlying jealousy when Remus asks Sirius in a letter if he's having fun with the attractive American Sirius mentioned in a previous letter. You understand the confused jealousy of Sirius's increasingly erratic handwriting when they write Remus a note, demanding to know why he'd get tutored in Potions by Snape when Remus could have just asked them instead. These feel like two real, whole people—teenagers that don't know they're in love yet.
It also helps that at times, it's incredibly funny. Early in the very first chapter, which is presented as a series of letters between Sirius and Remus, Remus scolds Sirius for their poor grammar, writing, “Repeat after me, Mr. Black: I do believe in commas. I do, I do.” In the next letter, Sirius writes a gargantuan run-on sentence, adding afterward, “That sentence had five of them. I WIN, MESSR. OBSESSED WITH SMALL DOTS.”
GIF
Advertisement
Although the love story between these two characters is heartfelt and touching, it's the development of James, Lily and Peter that make this fic shine. JK Rowling never really explains why Peter betrayed the Potters, or how Lily went from hating James to marrying him. I was always curious about the years between Hogwarts and the Potters' deaths. In the fanfic, you see Peter grow apart from their friends who begin to start romantic relationships, and watch them grow insecure, and they nail how bitter and isolated they feel as James and Lily shack up and Sirius and Remus start spending more time alone with each other. As for James and Lily, in this fic, Lily is headstrong and fierce and much more confident than James. While James puts up a front, he's nervous, and is the kind of man who once thinks, “I love you so much I spend all day wanting to flush myself down the toilet,” as they gaze at Lily. These crucial details are missing in Harry Potter. Understanding the lives of Harry's parents and the man who would betray them makes Harry's plight and prophetic destiny more interesting.
Thanks to the hacking incident, The Shoebox Project ended abruptly, stopping well short of Harry's birth and the Potters deaths. In the end, I think it's better that way. Where the fic leaves off, James and Lily have gotten together and moved in with each other. Sirius and Remus have finally started dating, although in secret. It's the summer of 1978, anti-muggle sentiment is rumbling, and Voldemort is beginning their rise. Peter, who finds themselves distanced from their friends, is slowly being radicalized. We don't need to see what happens next, as it's mostly a lot of pain. The things you keep in a shoebox under your bed aren't the memories of betrayal, heartbreak or the events of your friends deaths. This was meant to be Remus Lupin's secret cache of memories. I imagine that he'd like to remember their friend—and according to the fic, lover—in their happiest times. So would I.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Defendants in the Midlands charged with weapons possession and sexual offences are increasingly likely to miss their day in court.
Crown courts in the region issued 63 warrants in 2016 as a result of defendants in sexual offences cases failing to appear, up from 46 in 2015 and 33 in 2014.
The number of warrants issued in cases of possession of weapons was up from 36 in 2015 to 50 in 2016.
Overall, 775 warrants were issued by crown courts in the Midlands in 2016, up 1% from 765 in 2015.
Crown courts in the region received 13,182 cases in 2016, based on this, one warrant was issued for every 17 cases on average, the joint highest rate in England and Wales.
Defendants in public order cases were the most likely to fail to turn up, with one warrant issued for every eight cases received, followed by theft cases, one in 12 receipts.
In possession of weapons cases, a warrant was issued for every 13 cases received, and it was one in 29 for sexual offences.
In magistrates courts, warrants were issued in 16,924 cases in 2016, up 10% from 115,336 in 2015. With 1.2m defendants in 2016, this equated to around one warrant for every 74 defendants.
Across England and Wales, crown courts issued 296 warrants for defendants who failed to appear in sexual offences cases, up by 29% from 230 in 2015, and up from 196 in 2014.
Crown courts in England and Wales received 9,316 sexual offences cases in 2016, based on this one warrant was issued for every 31 cases on average.
Overall, there were also 3,701 warrants issued by crown courts in 2016, which was down from 4,049 in 2015, according to figures from Case Management Systems supplied by the Ministry of Justice following Freedom of Information request.
This works out as one warrant for every 20 cases received by crown courts in 2016.
The Ministry of Justice said, in crown court, unless there are particular mitigating circumstances, a warrant will almost always be issued following non-appearance of the defendant.
Magistrate courts issued warrants in 87,854 cases in 2016 as a result of defendants failing to turn up for a court hearing.
This was up by 3% from 85,236 issued in 2015, and up from 84,890 in 2014.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
With 7.2m defendants in magistrates courts in 2016, the number of warrants issued works out as around one for every 82 defendants.
Not all defendants are required to attend hearings in magistrates courts as they are entitled to plead in absence for summary matters such as speeding, TV Licensing, Vehicle Excise Licence offences etc.
However, where a defendant is required to appear at a magistrates' court and does not, the court may decide to proceed in their absence to issue a warrant for arrest. This will depend on issues such as the age of the defendant, the seriousness of the offence and the likelihood of imprisonment and or/a driving disqualification being imposed.
Corporate Traveling depends on a lot of factors which also include accommodation and place where you stay. Every traveler wants to get best-staying hotels so they can enjoy their trip. Also, getting a good hotel is important as it gives you a sense of satisfaction and a nice hotel services make you feel welcome to the place. It lets you be positive and stay energetic to plan your further trip. For first time corporate travelers, they can get help from Online Travel Booking and Travel Management where they can get a room with quality services.
How can you find such hotels: what to know?
Finding a hotel which suits your budget and also provides all needed services requires endless search. Online Travel Booking is considered an ideal option in this case. It's a travel program related to business and corporation. The tool is used for booking flights, hotels, and other services. It's a safe as well as the cost-effective option for planning an organization related travel plans. It can also accept the corporate credit cards in order to handle travel expenses. Apart from that, here are few tricks that you can follow to find the best place to stay:
Look for coupon codes: Finding your best hotel offers for b2b or b2c, you should check the third websites where you can get coupon codes. However, hotels do not offer these codes on regular basis but there are third websites who offer codes for their customers. The coupon codes can help you to score the expensive hotels without spending too much money.
Avoid Friday and Saturday: Most of the websites related to Hotel Booking Online Portal for Corporates and for non-corporate portals offer a discount on their room's prices during Sunday to Thursday. However, the discounts mostly end in weekend's days i.e. Friday and Saturday.
Inclusive deals and offers: It's frustrating to get cheap hotels as most of the hotel includes fees related to parking and internet which somehow raise the overall price at the end. When you are searching, make sure to look for inclusive deals like free breakfast, spa services, and other various perks.
Use App: These days, you can easily get a travel app where you can compare the price of all hotels at one place. Also, booking room with the help of app can reduce the expenses as most of the hotels provide discounts and cash backs. Using apps for booking your hotel can help you to find your ideal booking.
Go to business hotels: However, with the help of Corporate Travel Portal, you can get an ideal package online. Business hotels can also help you but there are chances that you can't get flashy rooms as compared to resorts. But the business hotels are enough when you look for a decent room with quality services without spending too much amount on it.
Source: https://www.prlog.org/12711241-the-easiest-way-to-find-cheap-hotels-without-compromising-the-quality-of-service.html
After breaking White's record, Barnett takes their game to NFL
hello
FILE - In this Sept. 24, 2016, file photo, Tennessee defensive end Derek Barnett (9) plays against Florida in an NCAA college football game, in Knoxville, Tenn. They began their college careers at the same time, played in the same conference and had similar production. Now theyâre both ready to launch their pro careers. Yet while Myles Garrett is considered the likely No. 1 overall pick in this monthâs NFL Draft, Derek Barnett likely wonât get taken until later in the first round. Associated Press
FILE - In this March 5, 2017, file photo, Tennessee defensive end Derek Barnett runs a drill at the NFL football scouting combine in Indianapolis. Barnett was a defensive end in Tennesseeâs four-man front but also says they could play outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme. They measured in at 6-foot-2 7/8 inches and 264 pounds at Tennesseeâs Pro Day. Associated Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Derek Barnett outdid Reggie White in sacks at Tennessee. Yet the pros aren't sold on the Volunteers defensive end.
Barnett has heard their name mentioned in conjunction with Texas A&M's Myles Garrett throughout their three-year college career. They began their careers at the same time, played in the same conference and had similar production . Now that they're both ready for the NFL, Garrett is the likely No. 1 overall pick in this month's draft. Barnett probably won't get taken until later in the first round.
The problem for Barnett is a perceived lack of length and athleticism in comparison to the draft's other top pass rushers. Of course, that didn't stop them from overtaking White as Tennessee's all-time sacks leader . Barnett has a quick response whenever their so-so 40-yard dash time comes up.
"I think I'm pretty fast on the field," Barnett said. "I'm pretty confident in that."
Their college numbers back that up. Barnett is the first Southeastern Conference player to get at least 10 sacks in three separate seasons .
"He does not have elite burst, that explosiveness that you'd like to have in an edge rusher," said Daniel Jeremiah, a former NFL scout who now works as a draft analyst for NFL Network. "Some teams are more beholden to those numbers than others, so some teams aren't as high on him. But when you study the tape and watch him, I think he's one of the top 15 or so players in this draft class."
Barnett's 33 career sacks broke a school record White owned since 1983. Barnett's 52 tackles for loss were one away from Leonard Little's school mark.
For comparison's sake, Garrett finished their Texas A&M career with 32 Â½ sacks and 48 Â½ tackles for loss. In SEC competition, Barnett had 29 sacks and Garrett had 12.
Barnett doesn't measure up as well in some other respects.
At the combine, Garrett ran the 40 in 4.64 seconds; Barnett's time was 4.88. Barnett followed that with a 4.89 at Tennessee's pro day . That helps explain why Garrett and other pass rushers such as Stanford's Solomon Thomas are expected to hear their names called before Barnett.
NFL Network analyst Charles Davis considers Barnett a "likely first-round pick, probably middle of the first round on."
"The reason they and Garrett don't match up in terms of what you look at in the NFL is that athletically, Derek Barnett is not going to be anywhere close to Myles Garrett," Davis said. "That's not their thing. That's not their game. He's not going to win a shorts and T-shirt battle. But he's quick off the football. They know how to get to the passer. I think he's going to continue to add to their pass-rush skills as they go along. No one's going to play harder every snap."
Barnett was a defensive end in Tennessee's four-man front, but also says they could play outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme. They measured in at 6-foot-2 7/8 inches and 264 pounds at Tennessee's pro day.
He's hoping teams will examine what they accomplished on the field rather than focusing on how fast they run or how high they jump.
"That's out of my control," Barnett said. "It's not like college where I get to pick where I want to go. I think I have three great years of film playing here (at Tennessee). I think I went through this training pretty good. Now it's up to the teams to make a decision."
Other pass rushers have produced solid pro careers after facing similar questions.
"I was around Terrell Suggs a little bit with the Ravens, who's another guy that didn't test all that well," said Jeremiah, a former Baltimore scout. "But man, they were plenty fast enough when you got on the football field. I think you see some of those same things with Barnett. I don't think he's quite at that Suggs level, but I think he's definitely got a chance to be a double-digit sack guy at the next level.
"I'd be shocked if he's not off the board by the 20th pick."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Steve Megargee at www.twitter.com/stevemegargee
Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid also known as ensulizole is an organic compound largely used in sunscreens and cosmetic products worldwide. It has the ability to primarily block or absorb Ultraviolet radiations (UV). However, it doesn't give complete protection since it is unable to block long range UV radiations; hence it is often paired with other ingredients such as avobenzone, zinc oxide, Tinosorb or titanium dioxide. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid has the characteristic quality and thus it doesn't degrade its potency upon exposure to UV rays. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid converts incident ultraviolet radiations into less harmful infrared rays. It has a light and non-greasy finish. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is a water soluble compound and thus it is often used in the formulation of lotions and moisturizers.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20741
The market for Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is expected to rise in future due to rising demand for personal care products in the market. The propensity to spend on skincare is not hugely impacted by a slowdown, rather consumer preferences during this period tends to shift towards lower priced mass-market products. Personal care industry is a very large and lucrative market and thus it is expected to flourish in the near future. Hence, demand for Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is expected to grow from 2014-2020. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is considered as a safe ingredient for use in personal care products; however the Cosmetic Databases consider it as a moderate hazard. It can cause cancer related and cellular level changes concerns if used for a prolonged period. Thus, this is hampering the growth of Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market and is the major growth barrier. Opportunity in the Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market
According to the Personal Care Products Council, phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid can be used in concentrations up to 8% in Europe and 4% in the U.S. The phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market can be segmented on the basis of end-user industry such as- personal care, pharmacological formulations, and others. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid has been considered to be non-carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), American Conference of Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH), the National Toxicology Program (NTP), and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/phenylbenzimidazole-sulfonic-acid-market.html
The global phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market is anticipated to grow at a substantial rate in the foreseeable future. China is expected to drive the demand for phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid in the South Asian region. China has set up of several medium sized companies which are indulging in the production of phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid. Mushrooming chemical industry in China is expected to swell the demand for phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid in Asia Pacific region.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor Hourihane will definitely not be regretting switching Oakwell for Villa Park - but their former teammates gave them a timely reminder of what they walked away from last night.
Aston Villa's Irish midfielder was taking to the field against their former club for the first time since leaving them in the January transfer window and it didn't end in the way they would have wanted.
Barnsley manager Paul Heckingbottom explained how their team used the departures of Hourihane and fellow Villa new boy James Bree to inspire them to victory.
Hourihane, perhaps too eager to impress, didn't have the best of games but they were one of the few Villa players who refused to give in against the rampant Tykes.
Here's our take on theirs showing...
0-15 minutes
A steady start from Villa's Irish midfielder. Hourihane was playing alongside Henri Lansbury in a midfield two with the returning Jack Grealish playing just ahead of them.
Hourihane was the one of the pair who tended to join the attacks, using their energy to get forward while Lansbury sat back.
There were several instances during the opening period when Hourihane demonstrated their game intelligence by checking their partner's whereabouts before dashing forward.
15-30 minutes
The former Barnsley man was in hard on their Oakwell replacement Matty James to concede a free-kick in the middle of the park. Fortunately, the delivery was cleared. Hourihane escaped with just a ticking off.
30-45 minutes
Hourihane had the chance to draw Villa level after Adam Armstrong's 25th minute penalty. Albert Adomah's cross was only headed as far as the midfielder, but they couldn't find the necessary power to get the better of Tykes ‘keeper Adam Davies.
45-60 minutes
Hourihane was one of Villa's driving forces as Steve Bruce's side looked to get back into the game after half time.
Tom Bradshaw's second goal of the night seemed to have killed any hopes Hourihane had of getting one over on their former employers.
The midfielder kept looking to get on the ball and was the most urgent of Villa's players to get the game going, urging their teammates to push up at every opportunity.
60-75 minutes
While Hourihane's passing wasn't as sharp as it might have been, their commitment to Villa's cause could never be questioned.
They were putting themselves about, desperately trying to drag their team back into a match that was clearly out of reach.
75-90' minutes
A lovely driven pass found Bacuna out wide, who found substitute Birkir Bjarnason at the back post but they were adjudged to have fouled their man by referee Geoff Eltringham.
Reflections
The Barnsley fans chanted throughout ‘you can shove your f****** money up your ****' and while it wasn't directed at Hourihane, it was very much in reference to the way Villa poached them from South Yorkshire.
Despite Hourihane's involvement giving Barnsley the extra motivation they needed to get one over on Bruce's men, it wasn't totally down to them that Villa were beaten yesterday.
In fact, if other members of the Villa squad showed the same desire that Hourihane did at 3-1 down, Villa might not have left the field to deafening boos.
Seems like Drake must've had some downtime lately because seemingly out of nowhere he's decided to drop a remix to N.E.R.D. and Rihanna's cut “Lemon” off of N.E.R.D.'s LP No One Ever Really Dies.
Featuring a rapping Rihanna, Drake tries to breath new life into the 2017 cut and put it on the 2018 map rapping “I get it how I live it/ I live it how I get/ Y'all don't really get it / I pull up in a lemon/ Blocks get to spendin'/ Money 3D printin'/ Never had a limit/ Never been religious/ I just always had opinions.”
Check out the cut below and let us know if Drizzy is strong enough to make this song pop
—
Photo: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
Icon of freedom: The Statue of Liberty The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41 The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41
The Statue of Liberty — or "Liberty Enlightening the World," as it is officially named — towers over New York Harbor, measuring 151 feet from the base to the tip of the torch. Click through the gallery above to see beautiful photos of this iconic symbol of freedom and the United States.
See more of New York's famous landmarks:
35 stunning photos of the Empire State Building The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35 The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35
One World Trade Center: Photos of America's tallest building One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49 One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Māori remains have been discovered on a road works site in Horowhenua.
One part of the bridge replacement project adjacent to the Whirokino Trestle site near Foxton has been halted after the discovery on Wednesday, with iwi representatives, archaeologists and project leaders called to the site.
Official site archaeologist Kevin Jones said a body had been found buried in a traditional Māori style.
The body had been buried "flexed" in a couching position, a relatively common form of Māori burial used up until the 1830s, when Christian burial styles were implemented.
Advertisement
A form of matting was often used to wrap the body in position but they were unsure whether there was evidence of that at the Whirokino site.
The style of burial could be indicative of iwi in the area, although the remains had not yet been officially linked to an iwi.
Jones said it was not uncommon to find burial sites in Horowhenua's sand dunes and remains had also been found at sites uncovered as part of the recent Kāpiti expressway.
A meeting would be held today with iwi, NZ Transport Agency and Goodmans, the contractor undertaking the Whirokino project.
The meeting would discuss what occured next, including whether the body would be preserved in-situ or disinterred for reburial elsewhere.
Goodmans project manager Guy Forrest said they didn't think the company had been involved with this kind of discovery before.
They said they were acutely aware of the cultural sensitivity involved and were being guided by archaeological authority protocols and iwi advice.
"Iwi have been particularly helpful on this project and we don't want to jeopardise that," they said.
Goodmans cheif executive Stan Goodman said all protocols were being followed, and they were unsure how long work would be halted in the affected area of the site.
"We're currently doing investigations to find out what's there, but it's too early to make too many comments," they said.
The remains were discovered during ground testing before scraping topsoil from a 10ha area to excavate sand for use in two Manawatū River bridge projects.
In all, 500,000 cubic metres was destined to be removed from the area before top soil would be restored over the site, Jones said.
They were working with fellow archeologist Hans-Dieter Bader during the testing, and with work now stopped in that area, further tests would now be carried out.
These included the creation of test pits as well as the use of a magnetometer, a device that detects changes in the magnetism of the ground, which could indicate the presence of objects.
■ NZTA has been approached for comment.
NEW BERN, N.C. (WNCT) — As players and fans prep for tomorrow's big game, so are local restaurants.
“Halftime Sports Bar and Grill in New Bern has been selling seats out in prep for the game.
They say they have the same crowd every year, but want to make sure everyone has a seat for the whole duration of the Super Bowl. This is why they put a $10 fee on each seat, but during halftime it pays off.
“We use the money as a giveaway during the halftime show,” said owner of Halftime Bar & Grill, Casey Alyward. “We give away Panthers tickets, TVs, Go Pro Cameras, Kindle Fires and all types of stuff.”
Besides getting the prizes ready, today they were stocking up on beer and chicken wings ready to host their 10 year annual Super Bowl party.
× Right to work, ethics top issues in 2017 Missouri session
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — Ethics and right-to-work bills are among the top priorities for Missouri Republican legislative leaders and GOP Gov.-elect Eric Greitens.
Lawmakers return Wednesday to the Capitol for the roughly five-month 2017 session.
Republicans hold supermajorities in both chambers but have been checked by outgoing Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon. They were barred by term limits from seeking re-election.
Greitens might be a closer ally to GOP lawmakers. They back a right-to-work measure to ban mandatory union fees and sides with the House and Senate leaders on limits to liability lawsuits to help businesses.
Greitens also backs banning lobbyist gifts to elected officials, a top priority of House Speaker Todd Richardson that failed in the Senate in 2016.
Lawmakers are also likely to address abortion restrictions and regulations.
Astrology has emerged as a branch of science, which deals with the study of planets and calculating their impacts on our lives so that any kinds of faults can be rectified through it. However, there are two schools of thoughts on the subject as some moves forward towards the humanistic or psychological astrology, while others move towards the traditional form of the same. In fact, there are some best or famous astrologers in Kolkata or Durgapur, West Bengal who believes that the modern astrology has just evolved with some new sets of calculations which includes taking the best parts from the traditional ones like the famous technique of “Tantra Shastra” which is practised widely in various parts of Kolkata, Durgapur and many other parts of West Bengal.
Moreover, there are some famous modern-day astrologers in Kolkata, Durgapur and throughout the entire West Bengal like “Indraraj Priyam” who believes that the subject of astrology is continuously evolving and providing new ways to solve our problems, and thus making our lives more beautiful by bringing peace and harmony. According to the theory of modern day astrology, the process of providing the clients with some famous or precious stones has proven to be halfway true, thus making problems for many famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur. In modern-day astrology, it is believed that we only power positive planets through stones, and if a planet is bringing negative impact on our lives, then we neutralize that through “Yogyas” which can only be performed by some famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur like “Indraraj Priyam”.
Every year “Indraraj Priyam” visits some famous places like Kamakhya and Tarapith with their team of some of the best astrology professionals in Kolkata and Durgapur for performing “Yogyas” to relieve the client's from their negative planets and making their lives more beautiful. Their efforts have proven to be 100% effective for their clients and as a result, they are achieving almost 100% client retention rates.  They are a man who has that ability to produce some detailed insights into your lives, through your birth date and time, and also has that special ability to help you attain complete control over your circumstances. It is through their genuine knowledge in the field of astrology and their proven solutions to their client's, that many people consider them as one of the best and famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur. Some of the best astrological services provided by them are given below:
1) Astrology:
2) Numerology
3) Palmistry
4) Tarot card Reading
5) Graphology
6) Vastu Shastra
7) Cognitive Therapy
About Indraraj Priyam:
Shri Indraraj Priyam is one of the best and famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur, providing their astrology related services on almost every part of West Bengal and recently entering the markets of Delhi and Mumbai to help peoples get relieved from their problems.  They are a member of the American Federation of Astrologers and British Association of Vedic Astrology and has been providing their effective consultations to their clients across West Bengal for more than 15 years as of now.
For more information about Indraraj Priyam, please visit their official website page: https://www.indrarajpriyam.com/about-us.html
Address:
61/A, Kali Temple Road, Kalighat, Chamber Disha, 1st floor, Kolkata, West Bengal
————————————————————————————————————————–
Jyotish Bhavan – C21 Gitanjali Park, Bengal Ambuja City Center, Durgapur – 713216
Phone No: 8697682531 / 9831399009
E-Mail: consultindrarajpriyam@gmail.com
Website: https://www.indrarajpriyam.com
A man believed to be elderly and partially blind has been rescued from the Grenfell Tower inferno after a terrifying 12-hour wait.
The man, who has been identified by relatives, is believed to have lived in the tower for 30 years and was seen praying at their window as they waited for help on the 11th floor.
× The man peers out of a window. Photo / AP The man peers out of a window. Photo / AP
Good Morning Britain
filmed them as they waved a jumper as a makeshift SOS flag and cried out for help from their 11th-floor flat.
Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid, the programme's presenters, said they felt "helpless" as they watched them and feared for their life.
Advertisement
× Parts of the building still burn hours after the deadly blaze. Photo / AP Parts of the building still burn hours after the deadly blaze. Photo / AP
However, they have now been pictured being rescued by firefighters 12 hours after they were trapped by the blaze.
Reid said: "He in their 70s, he's partially blind. They have lived in the Grenfell Tower for 30 years.
"Now we have seen them over the course of the last hour or so in contact with firefighters."
They were rescued shortly after midday.
At least 12 people have been confirmed dead in the huge fire that ripped through the west London tower block, but police expect the death toll to rise.
× Smoke and flames rise from the building. Photo / AP Smoke and flames rise from the building. Photo / AP
Up to 600 people are believed to have been inside Grenfell Tower's 120 flats when the blaze tore through the 24-storey building in the early hours of yesterday morning (local time).
Twenty people are in critical care and 74 injured people were taken to hospital. But many are still missing after residents were trapped on upper floors as flames rapidly ripped up the block after householders were initially told to stay in their homes.
Young Thug and Lil Uzi Vert have some interesting taste in fashion as you may know so if you think about it, it was only a matter of time before the two linked up to style on their haters.
In their collaborative clip to “Up” the ATL and Philly rappers seem to go with An American Horror Story theme in which the thick monsters in the video have demonic features but that stripper pole seems kosher enough so…
Curren$y and Harry Fraud meanwhile take us back to a simpler time when VHS tape picture quality relied on that almighty “Tracking” button in their grainy clip to the Action Bronson assisted “Scarab 38.”
Check out the rest of today's drops including work from Khalid featuring 6lack & Ty Dolla $ign, 24Hrs, and more.
YOUNG THUG FT. LIL UZI VERT – “UP”
CURREN$Y & HARRY FRAUD FT. ACTION BRONSON – “SCARAB 38”
KHALID FT. 6LACK & TY DOLLA $IGN – “OTW”
LIL BABY FT. HOODRICK PABLO JUAN – “BOSS BITCH”
24HRS – “RAIN”
FAMOUS DEX FT. NBA YOUNGBOY – “IN THE BANK”
—
Photo: WENN
Young Thug ft. Lil Uzi Vert “Up,” Curren$y & Harry Fraud ft. Action Bronson “Scarab 38” & More | Daily Visuals was originally published on hiphopwired.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Creating new horizons in meeting the needs of both practitioners and researchers internationally through world's leading Wound Care Conferences
Wound healing conferences gatherings can accumulate Wound Care Researchers and professionals from more than 40 countries to share their insight, experience and ability through a progression of keynotes, Plenary Talks, Workshops, Symposiums and Exhibitions. At this outset, Conference series LLC's Wound Care Conferences aims to raise certain fundamental questions to the global scientific community and policymakers to pay attention, expecting their immediate response.
The global wound care market is expanded from a price of US$7.53 billion in 2013 to US$10.16 billion in 2020, at a CAGR of 4.5% from 2014 to 2020. The major factors liable for this growth are rise in chronic diseases, growth of geriatric population, and continuous increase in Wound Care expenditure and patient awareness, rising incidence of wound infections, and high demand from emergency care and ICU staff. Investing in emerging techniques and focusing on the development of combination wound care products is projected to enhance the growth of the wound care market.
This reflects the grave realities and necessities for the Wound care Nurses to make the best use of science and technology in delivering cost-effective and high quality services by systematically evaluating their outcomes, in terms of individual benefits and consumer satisfaction to improve the public health.
Our Advances in skin and Wound Care conferences for the year 2018 aims to promote research in Wound care and other related disciplines for the physical and mental welfare and rehabilitation of the patients. This obviously involves Wound care Physicians from all over the globe. Our primary objective is to promote and coordinate Modernization and Innovations in Wound Care Technologies to encourage knowledge transfer related to the best medical and clinical practices so that the Wound care Physicians are conscious in offering reliable and high quality services.
Our Wound healing Conferences 2018 provides Continuing Medical Education (CME) credits, which is a basic professional requirement for the nurses. It also offers excellent networking opportunities to multiply your academic, professional and research contacts, essential for the advancement of your career, as the wound care conference opens up many avenues to meet and learn from the experiences of colleagues across the nation.
Through our series of Woundcare and nursing conferences we provide an international forum to nurses, wound care specialists, physicians, pharmacologists, academic researchers, surgeons, Diabetologists, nutritionists, oncologists, psychologists to enhance their clinical take after by pinpointing potential clinical uses of the most up to date Wound care examination, and disseminate research findings of particular interest to practicing nurses.
Conference Series focuses on themes suitable to meet the needs of Wound care professionals of all levels by including palliative and rehabilitative care to meet the individual as well as wound healing needs to improve the health of millions of individuals in any setting. Our top rated not to miss conferences include; Public Health, Epidemiology, Occupational Health, Geriatrics-Gerontology, Wound Care, Hospital Management, General Practice etc. World renowned scientists, Noble laureates and scholars in their respective fields grace our events as keynote speakers, panel experts, and organizing committee members.
Conference Series contains a long-standing tradition of honouring and rising early career researchers of nursing and health care profession through Student Ambassador Program and Young researcher Forum (YRF)
Conference Series is pioneer in organizing Academic, Scientific and Business conferences, meetings, symposiums and exhibitions on a cross-section of fields like Medical, Pharmaceutical, Engineering, Science and Technology to promote scientific research. Every year we host more than 3000+ International Conferences in the USA, Europe, Middle East and Asia with the generous support and cooperation from our 50000+ Editorial Board Members, 1000+ Scientific Societies. All the conference proceedings are published as special issues in our 1000+ Open Access International Journals with the DOI provided by CROSSREF.
For more details
Contact
Catherine Jones| Wound Care Conferences
702-508-5200 (8050)
Email: woundcarecongress@healthconferences.org
The Cancer Center of Santa Barbara has announced the appointment of Rob Dunton as its new director of development.
Dunton joins CCSB with a strong background in fundraising and marketing. They spent the past four years as the annual fund and major gifts director at Cate School in Carpinteria, where they helped the school raise $65 million during its centennial campaign.
Dunton will succeed Art Merovick, who retires after serving the organization for 17 years and who will remain an adviser to CCSB. In their capacity as director of development, Dunton will manage all aspects of the development office and will work alongside and in close collaboration with development coordinator Stephanie Carlyle, who has been with CCSB for 13 years.
“This is the perfect time to welcome such a qualified development and marketing professional to our organization,” Cancer Center President Rick Scott said. “Rob brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to CCSB and aligns well with our core values of dedication, compassion, integrity and professionalism. I know we will benefit from their strong commitment to helping those in our community who are touched by cancer.”
“The impact of my work I take very personally,” Dunton said. “I lost all four of my grandparents to cancer, and members of my family are fighting the disease today. Along with excellent diagnosis and treatment, the Cancer Center provides a personal, local support system to patients and their family. It really is the best of all possible worlds, and work I feel very proud to support.”
To honor Merovick's service to the organization, Scott announced the establishment of the Arthur J. Merovick Endowment Fund for Patient Assistance, which will allow less-fortunate patients to receive quality care at CCSB. One of Dunton's most timely objectives is maximizing the generous pledge made by Cancer Center trustees to match all gifts made in honor of Merovick up to $500,000 from the organization's endowment funds.
“Nothing would please me more than to build an endowment in honor of a man who has given so much to this community,” Dunton said. “Helping those less fortunate when they need it most is something Art was very passionate about during their 17 years at Cancer Center. I invite those inspired by Art's service to this community and all champions of the underserved to join us as we strive to raise $1 million for this worthy cause.”
Dunton has both a bachelor's degree in philosophy from Vassar College and an MBA in marketing from the Keller School of Management at DeVry University.
— Lindsay Groark is the public relations and administrative manager for the Cancer Center of Santa Barbara.
A Research Study Titled, “Cardiac Assist Devices Market By End User (Hospitals, Ambulatory And Surgical Centers) Product Type (Ventricular Assist Device (Vad) And Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump) & Modality (Transcutaneous And Implantable) – Global Industry Analysis And Forecast To 2023”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Cardiac Assist Devices Market is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period. Cardiac Assist Devices (CAD) is sort of mechanical pumps that work alongside the heart to enhance its pumping proficiency and keep up the ideal blood stream all through the body. Cardiovascular Help Gadgets can be portioned in three kinds ventricular help gadgets, intra-aortic inflatable pumps (IABPs) and aggregate artificial heart. Cardiac Assist Devices (CAD) is a mechanical pump which takes blood from a lower council of the heart and pumps it to the body and imperative organs. Ventricular gadgets are of two kinds right ventricular help gadget (RVAD), left ventricular help gadget (LVAD) and if both the ventricular assist devices are utilized they are known as biventricular help gadget (BIVAD). Intra-aortic inflatable pump is a kind of computer aided design gadget which increments myocardial oxygen perfusion and heart yield in the meantime. Total artificial heart is a gadget which replaces the lower assemblies of heart and recuperates coming up short heart by playing out all elements of an ordinary heart.
Request a Sample of this Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061052
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period. Europe is the second biggest market following North America with second biggest most astounding predominance for heart sicknesses and increment in populace surpassing 60 – 65 years age group. Asia Pacific and Rest of the World are the areas including China, India, Brazil, Russia and South Africa has altogether huge number of underserved patients enduring with cardiovascular maladies consequently spoke to as future appealing markets for CAD.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Berlin Herat GmbH, ABIOMED, Inc., MAQUET GmbH & Co. KG, Thoratec Corporation, Teleflex Incorporated, HeartWare International, Inc. and others. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Cardiac Assist Devices Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Table of Content:
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary
2.1. Key Highlights
Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.1.1. Market Definition
3.1.2. Market Segmentation
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.2.3.1. Emerging Markets to Offer Lucrative Growth Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Product Type
5.1. Introduction
5.2. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales, Revenue and Market Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.2.1. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales and Sales Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.2.2. Global Cardiac Assist Devices Revenue and Revenue Share by Product Type (2014-2018)
5.3. Ventricular Assist Device (VAD)
5.3.1. Global Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) Sales and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
5.4. Intra-aortic Balloon Pump
5.4.1. Global Intra-aortic Balloon Pump Sales and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Modality Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By End User Cardiac Assist Devices Market, By Region Company Profiles
9.1. Thoratec Corporation
9.2. MAQUET GmbH & Co.
9.3. Teleflex Incorporated
9.4. Heart Ware International
9.5. Berlin Heart GmbH
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Cardiac Assist Devices Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Cardiac Assist Devices Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061052
Willie Mullins has all but ruled out a late switch to the Stan James Champion Hurdle for Yorkhill who will instead be prepared to race over fences at the upcoming Cheltenham Festival.
Following the defections of both Faugheen and Annie Power, the prospect of Yorkhill reverting to flights after two wins over fences this season prompted some bookmakers to make last year's Neptune winner as low as 11/4 favourite to successfully step into the Champion Hurdle breach.
That would require the Graham Wylie-owned star to be supplemented into the hurdling championship but Mullins appears to have ruled that out, indicating Yorkhill will stay over fences at the Festival.
“I'm happy to keep them over fences. It's their novice year. We could seriously have a think about putting them back over hurdles next season if we want to. But at the moment we're not thinking like that. At the moment the Champion Hurdle is not part of our plan,” the champion trainer said.
Instead Yorkhill's Festival options over fences look to be between the JLT, for which he's a warm favourite, and the Arkle, which is dominated by the star English novice Altior.
Falling at the last
Another star Wylie novice who had been favourite for the RSA, Bellshill, blotted their copybook with a lacklustre display at Leopardstown on Sunday and was well beaten behind Disko when falling at the last in the Flogas Novice Chase.
Bellshill was pushed out to 12/1 for the RSA as a result but that race remains on their Festival agenda and Mullins said: “He did something like that last year too [beaten at odds-on in the Deloitte Novice Hurdle] so maybe they just doesn't like Leopardstown in February. The RSA is still the plan.”
Another of Mullins's 2016 Festival winners, Limini, is set to make their return to action in Saturday's Red Mills Trial Hurdle at Gowran where they are likely to face the former Champion Hurdle winner, Jezki, and perhaps another JP McManus-owned star in Sutton Place as well.
ADVERTISEMENT
An impressive winner of a Grade Three at Naas three weeks ago, Sutton Place, who is unbeaten in their last four starts, has also got an entry in Sunday's Grade Two Ladbrokes Boyne Hurdle at Navan.
Limini won the mares novice hurdle at Cheltenham a year ago and although beaten twice afterwards, the form of their Aintree third to Buveur D'Air and Petit Mouchoir has been advertised in spectacular style this winter.
The Rich Ricci-owned star is a 9/2 third favourite for the OLBG Hurdle in just under four weeks' time but Mullins insisted: “She's in good form but I'm not looking any further ahead with them than Saturday.”
Mullins has won the Gowran Grade two in four of the last five years.
Luckless
The luckless Identity Thief is a 14/1 second-favourite to Altior is some Arkle ante-post lists and Henry De Bromhead's runner could try to get their season back on track in Sunday's Grade Three Flyingbolt Novice Chase at Navan.
Identity Thief is one of seven left in the two-mile heat after Tuesday's declaration stage where their opposition may include another Gigginstown's hopeful, Ball D'Arc.
Identity Thief was pulled up after striking into themselves behind Min in a Christmas Grade One at Leopardstown and back at the Dublin track unseated David Mullins at the first fence of the Irish Arkle last month.
Road To Respect holds a Flyingbolt entry and is also among those left in the Grade Two Ten Up Novice Chase over three miles on Sunday.
The Tony Martin-trained Naas winner, Anibale Fly, described this week by Noel Meade as a likely Grade One horse, is the highest rated among the eight hopefuls remaining in the race which Martin won two years ago with Noble Emperor.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI BEACH (CBSMiami) — Blocks away from Art Basel, a group of women got together to talk about taboo topics – among them speaking up.
Among them, Olympic gold medalist Aly Raisman who for the past month has grabbed headlines after they said the former u.s gymnastics team doctor sexual abused them The former coach was sentenced to a maximum of 60 years in prison for child porn charges.
“I think the last month, I couldn't have been more honest with the world. It's been very hard for me but I think it's really important,” said Raisman.
It's something they say took them a long time to come to terms with which is why they want to make sure others in similar situations feel supported to speak up.
“For anyone out there that's struggling to speak out or is going through something that's really tough, I would say that I hope they know that whenever they're ready to speak up, I support them and there are so many people out there that are ready to support them,” said Raisman. “No one out there should feel uncomfortable or scared.”
This is a cause that is near and dear to Jaclyn Johnson who was born and raised in West Palm Beach.
She's the founder and CEO of Create & Cultivate, an organization meant to connect, empower and enlighten women.
To her, it's about creating an open environment online and offline to take on taboo topics.
“It's really empowering right now because so many women are coming forward and telling their stories about you know what they've sort of been dealing with for decades but I think there are women who still haven't shared their story,” said Johnson. “It's important right now to create that supportive environment online and offline so that these women feel that they can come forward.”
She's brought on big names to promote the movement which spans from speaking up to expanding entrepreneurial skills and more.
Big names like Lena Dunham, Gloria Steinem, Jessica Alba and a soon-to-be royal Meghan Markle have joined in the Creation & Cultivate conversations ranging from business to personal.
For Raisman, the conversation on speaking out has just started.
“The more that we can continue to talk about that….I think the more we can help other people,” they said.
It's something she'll continue to push for while also focusing on their new book ‘Fierce' but as for what's next, they say, “After the book, I will start training again but right now I'm just kind of taking a mental break. I'm excited about the holidays and to spend time with my family just to kind of mentally relax again.”
Lawyer demands N200, 000 for emergency adjournment
Mr. David Emagun, counsel to Law Union and Rock Insurance Plc, on Wednesday, demanded a cost of N200,000 from another counsel for serving an emergency application for adjournment on him.
The insurance company was sued by its former branch manager, Mr. John Johnson, contesting their alleged dismissal, entitlements and other terminal benefits.
At a resumed hearing of the suit at the National Industrial Court, Abuja, Emagun said they were served the application from the claimant's counsel that morning.
He, therefore, prayed the court to grant them cost, explaining it was for travelling expenses and accommodation for themselves and two other witnesses from Lagos.
Emagun insisted the expenses would have been averted if the claimant's counsel had served them or communicated before they left their base in Lagos the day before.
The judge, Justice Edith Agbakoba, after listening to the submission, asked Emagun to file a fresh application on the cost at the next adjourned date.
Agbakoba adjourned the case until October.
The post Lawyer demands N200, 000 for emergency adjournment appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If finding deals is your New Year's resolution, January is a great time to start.
For those who want to make saving money a priority in 2017, here are our recommendations for what to buy (and skip) in January based on NerdWallet's analysis of historical sales cycles.
Buy: Christmas decorations
The period after Christmas has long been the best time to buy Christmas decorations.
You may scoop up some post-Christmas deals on Dec. 26, but come Jan. 1, there will still be a handful of artificial trees, red ornaments and shiny wrapping paper spilling over in store clearance aisles. Stock up on holiday closeouts if you have space to hang onto extra tinsel until December.
Skip: Smartphones
You can't always time your smartphone purchase. If your trusty iPhone has seen better days, it may be time for something new. But if you're planning an upgrade in the not-so-imminent future, consider waiting a while longer.
Prices on existing phone models tend to go down whenever a new phone is released. For Apple AAPL, -0.78% phones, the sweet spot is usually September after the company's annual keynote product announcement. As for Samsung, SSNLF, -12.28% tech enthusiasts speculate the Galaxy S8 could arrive around April.
Buy: TVs
The end of football season marks the beginning of television deals, as retailers help shoppers prep for viewing parties. The Super Bowl will air on Feb. 5, but we expect retailers will kick off sales at the end of January — making it an excellent time to score a bargain.
In 2016, Wal-Mart, WMT, -0.20% Best Buy, BBY, -0.93% Amazon AMZN, -2.00% and more discounted a wide variety of TVs in assorted brands and sizes ahead of the big game. Look for similar savings again in 2017.
Skip: Toys
Toys were hot during the holidays; if you haven't heard of a Hatchimal, you've probably been living under a rock. But with Christmas over, January likely won't see many worthwhile toy deals. The good news is your little ones are probably set for a while after all of their December gifts.
Buy: Fitness gear
January is a solid time to sign up for a gym at a discounted introductory rate, as many chains offer special New Year's rates. But don't spend that money unless you're sure you'll use the membership. All too often, new members lock themselves in for a full year, then stop showing up after a month or two.
Skip: Mattresses
Great deals on mattresses will come in February, when Presidents Day sales bring discounts. Presidents Day is Feb. 20, so hold off for another month if you're in the market for a new mattress. Or if February is too soon for your budget, mattress deals will be back again in May over Memorial Day weekend and in September over Labor Day weekend.
Buy: Bedding
You might not want to buy a whole new mattress, but you can save on the sheets and blankets that go on your existing mattress. January is the month when department stores host “white sales” to clear out their existing inventory of sheets, towels, blankets and more. Expect savings to be especially deep on clearance items. Last year, we saw several stores offer 60%-70% off bedding basics.
Bonus: Martin Luther King Jr. Day sales
You may not associate Martin Luther King Jr. Day with shopping, but retailers certainly do. The holiday falls on Jan. 16 this year, and you can anticipate deals on clothing and home goods.
Highlights from the holiday's 2016 sales included 10% off select major appliance purchases of $396 or more at Lowe's LOW, -0.31% and an extra 40% off sale items at Anthropologie with a coupon code as part of the Winter Tag Sale.
Bonus: National Spaghetti Day
It's not just sales to keep an eye out for in January. The calendar year is filled with days of observation for just about everything, and one of them — National Spaghetti Day — happens on Jan. 4. Use this day as your chance to get dinner on the house.
In 2016, Noodles & Company gave away a coupon for a free small bowl of spaghetti with purchase of any entree.
Sale shopping reminder
As you're searching for deals and end-of-season savings in January, keep in mind that waiting for low prices can be a trade-off, says Ozalp Ozer, a professor of management science at the Jindal School of Management at The University of Texas at Dallas. You'll have to put time into the search. And buying at the time of a better deal may mean that inventory will already be picked over.
But for the budget-conscious, the extra time and risk of regret is worth it.
More from NerdWallet:
A sign outside of the Angevine Middle School where the alleged assault took place on Feb. 1, 2017. Screenshot/CBS4
Physical education teacher Karen Smith is on paid administrative leave from the Boulder Valley School District as police investigate allegations that they assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. Police officers went to the Angevine Middle School at about noon on Thursday following a report of a teacher assaulting a child. Although police confirmed the reports that they are investigating the alleged “assault” on a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance they did not detail what the reported action entailed.
The school's principal, Mike Medina, sent a letter to parents Thursday evening notifying them there had been an “incident” involving the 20-year veteran of the school district but didn't reveal any details of the alleged incident. “We believe in due process and therefore ask that everyone respect Ms. Smith's privacy at this time,” Medina said.
The Boulder Valley School District allows students to sit or stand during the pledge.
A parent waiting to pick up their child at the school on Friday told the local CBS affiliate that Smith is a “strict” teacher but had never heard of an issue. Two other parents said the story has been “blown out of proportion.”
An electric vehicle is referred as an electric drive vehicle, which is utilized as a part of at least one electric engines. Electric vehicle (EV), moreover called battery electric vehicle (BEV), is affected by electric engines energized by rechargeable battery packs. In electric vehicle, no fuel is used and there is no internal combustion engine. Electric vehicle is a transport which is self-driving for travelers, and utilizes the power already stored in the electric motor batteries, which work with the help of internal engine installed in electric motors. Electric vehicle is the vehicle without bounds and is exceedingly liable to make customary vehicles obsolete.
Market Overview
Electric vehicle utilizes at least one electric engines or footing engines for propulsion. It can be controlled through an authority framework by power from off-vehicle sources, or might act naturally contained with a battery, sun oriented boards or a generator to change over fuel to electricity. Electric vehicle incorporate street and rail vehicles, surface and submerged vessels, electric air ship and electric rocket.
Read Comprehensive Overview of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/electric-vehicle-component-infrastructure-market.html
Based on component the market can be segmented into Battery Cells and Pack, On-Board Charger, Infotainment System and Instrument Cluster.
Market Dynamics:
Electric vehicle Market is anticipated to witness constant growth over the forecast period. As the government is introducing numerous favorable policies and providing existing subsidies. Increasing vehicle portfolio and range, and low charging time are the major factors which isdriving the global electric vehicle market.
Environmental effect of the oil based transport infrastructure, alongside the fear of peak oil, has prompted re-established enthusiasm for an electric transportation infrastructure, which will boost the market for electric vehicles.High research & development costs that are related to the production & development, lack of charging infrastructure, and short lifespan of batteries are some major restraints of the electric vehicle market.
Download PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=32627
Market Segment
Electric vehicle market is segmented on the basis of propulsion technology into, battery electric vehicle, plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, hybrid electric vehicle, and fuel cell vehicle. The plug-in hybrid electric vehicles segment is anticipated to grow among this segment at a rapid pace in the forecast period as there is the higher flexibility of usage in the forthcoming years in market.
On the basis of vehicle type electric vehicle market is segmented into an electric passenger car, commercial vehicle, and two wheelers. Electric passenger cars are the fastest growing segment in the vehicle type segment. Availability of a broad range of electric passenger car with upgraded technology and rising consumer awareness is the major factor which is driving electric passenger cars segment.
Based on the propulsion technology, electric vehicle market can be segmented into BEV (Battery Electric Vehicle), PHEV (Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle), HEV (Hybrid Electric Vehicle), and FCEV (Fuel Cell Vehicle).
On the basis of regulations, the market can be segmented into battery treatment regulations, safety regulations and subsidies, and taxes based.
Based on charging, electric vehicle can be segmented into normal charging and supercharging.
On the basis of geographical regions the market is segmented into seven different regions: North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia-Pacific region, Japan, and Middle East and Africa.
For Detail Analysis Get Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=32627
Electric Vehicle Market: Key Market Players
Some of the key players in the Electric Vehicle Market are BMW, Automotive Energy Supply Corporation, BYD Company Ltd., Car Charging Group, Charge Point, Inc., Delphi Automotive, LG Chem, Nissan Motor Corporation, Panasonic Corporation, Samsung SDI, Tesla Motors Inc., Volkswagen AG, Lucid Motors, Faraday Future, NextEV, Karma Automotive, Next Future Transportation, Inc., and few other regional players.
In 2015, Tesla launched world first electric SUV. A seven-seater 4×4 with hybrid styling and hip gullwing type rear doors, the Model X is additionally outstanding for its guaranteed 257-mile range and quickening to 60mph in as little as 3.2 seconds. Manufacturers of electric vehicle are investing into launching upgraded vehicle and focusing on different approaches to keep up their business in the global electric vehicle market.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They're the 50p coins which could be worth many times more.
Some, of course, would sell for no more than face value - but if you've got the right one, then it could be hundreds of times that.
The rarest 50p of all - the Kew Gardens design – is worth up to £185 on auction websites if it's in tip top condition.
Right now there are seven 50p editions in circulation that are classed as ‘scarce' and 47 more that are classed as potentially valuable.
According to the coin experts at ChangeChecker , the rarer the coin the more valuable it is.
Watch our video above to see which ones could be in your purse or wallet - and potentially worth a lot more.
Their website has created a scarcity index which tracks 54 circulating 50p coins based on their worth. Check it out if you've a jar full of silvers stashed away somewhere.
Philip Mussell, the director of Coin News explained how some coins are worth a lot more: “There are a few different ways this happens.
“One is when a mistake is made by the Royal Mint, like a 20p without a date, for example, or a 1983 2p coin accidentally printed with the old wording ‘New Pence'. Mistakes are eminently collectable.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Other collectibles are redesigns or limited edition releases. For example, an Olympic 50p with a swimmer was recently re-released.
“The first minting had a swimmer with waves obscuring their face but the designer didn't want that, so they unobscured their face and made it clear of wavy lines. That's now quite collectable,” Mussell added.
Credence Research has recently issued a new market assessment report titled “Baby Hygiene Products – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2022”. The global Baby Hygiene Products Market study provides a comprehensive view of the ongoing and future phases of the Baby Hygiene Products industry based on parameters such as major commercial events, research initiatives, government guidelines, market drivers, restraints and opportunities and detailed industry segmentation and regional distribution.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/baby-hygiene-products-market
Based on geographic/regional distribution the global Baby Hygiene Products Market is studied for key regional markets focusing on the respective geographic trends and statistics, and thereby delivering market size and forecast values. The Baby Hygiene Products Market based on geographic classification is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa markets. Among these, the North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific Baby Hygiene Products Market is studied for top country-level markets. The Baby Hygiene Products industry in each individual country market is studied based on parameters such as per capita income, population, gross domestic product (GDP), status of infrastructure, purchasing power parity, etc. Technology development, industry concentration, end-user preference, and similar such grounds are also considered while estimating the market for Baby Hygiene Products. The market estimates are provided for the period 2014-2022, along with corresponding compounded annual growth rates (CAGRs) for the forecast period 2016-2022.
This report on Baby Hygiene Products Market also offers competition assessment tools such as market positioning of key players, attractive investment proposition, and Porter's Five Forces model to give the readers a view of the competitive scenario of the Baby Hygiene Products Market. The Baby Hygiene Products Market report is concluded with company profiles chapter. This section highlights major information about the key players engaged in development, manufacture, distribution and sale of Baby Hygiene Products in the international markets.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/baby-hygiene-products-market
Major extracts from the Table of Content of Baby Hygiene Products Market, 2016-2022 report:
Baby Hygiene Products Market Dynamics – Drivers, Challenges, Opportunities
Baby Hygiene Products Market Size and Forecast for the Period 2014-2022
Baby Hygiene Products Market CAGR for the Period 2016-2022
Baby Hygiene Products Market Competitive Analysis, by Key Players
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Attractive Investment Proposition, by Geography
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Key Commercial Events
Baby Hygiene Products Market: Future Prospects (upcoming product approvals)
Latest Report
Ocular Surgery Devices Market
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/ocular-surgery-devices-market
Efficient Thermal Management
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/air-management-systems-market
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico City prosecutors say they have arrested a man who signed off on an apparently faulty construction project that collapsed in the magnitude 7.1 earthquake of Sept. 19 and killed two women.
Prosecutors have not identified the suspect, who faces homicide charges.
But they said Monday they were in charge of ensuring the seven-story apartment building was constructed according to approved plans in 2016.
The prosecutor's office says the building's foundations didn't meet specifications approved for the site. It says the structure had "little resistance" and didn't meet specifications.
Advertisement
The quake killed 369 people in all, 228 of them in the capital.
Experts say recently built structures should have been able to withstand the quake.
Another suspect was arrested previously in the case.
Recap: Earlier this month, the OnePlus 6 became the latest in a line of Android handsets to arrive with an iPhone X-style notch. It seems that the cutouts are making their into a number of phones, but could Google's next Pixels be added to the list? If a leaked image is to be believed, it seems the answer is yes—but only on the Pixel 3 XL.
The photo appeared on Weibo but has since been deleted, though SlashLeaks managed to grab the original picture. It purportedly shows tempered glass screen protectors for the Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL. While there are question marks over its authenticity, it could be the first indication that the Pixel 3 XL will have a notch.
The oval-shaped cutouts suggest that both phones will come with front-facing speakers. It could also be that the handsets will feature dual front-facing cameras, though one might be for another type of sensor—Google could be following Apple by adding facial recognition tech.
It also seems that Google is imitating most manufacturers by reducing the size of the phones' bezels, which appear noticeably smaller than those found on their predecessors.
As with previous Pixels, it's expected that both handsets will have similar specs, with the main differences being the screen and battery sizes.
Creating one Pixel with the notch and one without could be a best-of-both-worlds solution in Google's eyes, offering something for both lovers and haters of the notch. But anyone who's in the latter camp and prefers the larger version of the Pixel looks to be out of luck.
To reiterate, we can't be certain that the image isn't a hoax. However, with more Android manufacturers adopting the notch and the fact that Android P supports the design feature natively, it's not beyond the realms of possibility that Google will go down this route.
GOP Senator Susan Collins betrayed their party when they decided to undermine the Obamacare repeal bill last month. They even tried to make themselves look better by making up some absurd Planned Parenthood excuse that had no factual evidence and made them look ridiculous.
Unfortunately for Collins, the Senator does not seem highly favored according to the latest polls. Town Hall has reported that 60 percent of respondents in Collin's home state of Maine are less likely to vote for them in a primary due to their sabotage on the Obamacare repeal. Things only got worse for them when the polls proved that only 28 percent of respondents would even carry out voting for Collins in a potential primary situation, and 55 percent would rather vote for someone who had the support of Gov. Paul LePage.
Collins has been historically popular among their home state of Maine, so they must be utterly horrified to see the state that their popularity is in now. Voters are wondering if they are even a Republican.
President Trump criticized Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for not removing Senator Lisa Murkowski, Senator John McCain, nor Collins from their chair positions in the Senate, which would have forced them into voting for the proposed health care bill.
Trump has stated in reference to this, “He should have known that they had a couple of votes that turned on them and that should have been very easy to handle, whether it's through the fact that you take away a committee chairpersonship or do whatever you have to do.”
‘SHARE' if you think Susan Collins is a traitor.
Vice President of Sierra Leone Victor Foh said on Monday that 200 people have likely been killed in a mudslide in the outskirts of Freetown.
“It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble,” Foh told Reuters at the scene of the mudslide in the mountain town of Regent, adding that a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
“The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,” they added.
“We're trying to cordon (off) the area (and) evacuate the people.”
The mudslide happened in the early morning in the mountain town of Regent, where dozens of houses were submerged after a night of heavy rain.
A major rescue operation is now underway although emergency workers are struggling to reach the worst-affected areas.
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning put residents at risk
Salman Khan is always known for their generous nature and humanitarian work. The actor has always been a helping hand to all their friends, co-stars and family. The superstar of Bollywood has also helped several needy in their tough times.
Former actor Pooja Dadwal, who had acted in Salman Khan starrer Veergati movie is currently ill.  They are suffering from tuberculosis and has been admitted in Mumbai's Shivdi Hospital for 15 days. Reportedly, they have been abandoned by their husband and in-laws and is seeking Salman Khan's financial help. They said, “I learned 6 months ago that I had something as serious as TB. I tried to contact Salman Khan for help, but nothing has been done so far. If they look at my video then maybe they will try to offer some help. I have been doing casino management in Goa for the last several years. I have no money at all, I depend on others for even a cup of tea.”
Also Read: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Rejected These Two Iconic Films Of Bollywood For This Reason
ERIN, Wis. – Wednesday marks the final day before the 2017 U.S. Open gets underway, which means — pro tip — it's the best day to buy merchandise. Attendance spikes during tournament days, so if you're looking to make one last dash for the merchandise tent when it's relatively calm, here are a few items that would be high on my list…
1. Dinner Plates
A strange thing to buy at a golf tournament, admittedly, but I quite like these. Especially the cups. They're a bit pricey — $50 for the cup, $100 for the dish, $80 for the set of plates — but I like the tavern feel they've got going on. Great for a backyard summer cook out.
2. Golf Ball Cheese Head Rubber Duck
No real practical use for this, but whatever. It's kind of cute. Great for the kids. And for just $14.99 a piece!
3. Hats
So many hats. So, so many hats. They're $27 a piece, and aside from the yellow and green ones, I'm quite partial to the throwback rope designs.
4. Turvis Tumblers
If you don't have a bunch of these things at your home, you're doing it wrong. They start at $14 a piece, and I've become borderline addicted to buying these things.
5. Pub Sign
Again, not super high on the smart-purchase scale, but just look at those cows. I'd spend the $27 for those cows.
6. Personalized Ball Marker
Here's how it works: You fork over between $20 and $30, depending on whether you want a ball maker or a bag tag, and after you make your selection, these two staff members will chisel your initials into your newly-purchased item.
Perspective Free access | 10.1172/JCI97405
Many of you in the audience are just beginning your careers as physician-scientists. And most of you, I suspect, are struggling with the question of how can I do something worthwhile in biomedical research. The answer to your struggles may be found in a provocative sculpture created by the contemporary African American artist Martin Puryear (Figure 1).
Figure 1 Ladder for Booker T. Washington. Martin Puryear. 1966. Wood (ash and maple). 36 × 1.9 feet (narrowing at top to 3 inches). Collection of the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth. Gift of Ruth Carter Stevenson, by Exchange.
Puryear's sculpture is a tall wooden ladder (36 feet high) suspended by invisible wires, enabling it to float from the ceiling of the atrium of the Museum of Modern Art in Fort Worth. Puryear constructed the ladder from a single oak tree. The bottom rung is 2 feet wide, and the top rung is 1 inch wide. There are 100 rungs, most of which are at the top and not visible in the photograph. The narrowing of the ladder towards the top creates a distorted visual perspective that evokes an illusionary goal that is unattainable. It is easy to get both feet on the first rung of the ladder, but it is an almost impossible struggle to reach the top. Opportunity narrows at the very highest reaches.
Puryear created this work to symbolize the struggles of Booker T. Washington, who was the dominant African American figure in the U.S. in the early 1900s. Booker T. Washington was born into slavery in 1856, was freed at age 9, and by age 25 had established the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama as a trade school for African Americans. Their autobiography, Up from Slavery, is still read today, more than 100 years after it was written. Harvard University conferred an honorary degree on Washington in 1896 when they were only 40 years of age.
Puryear's ladder can be thought of as a universal metaphor for everyone who struggles to do something worthwhile. But there's another way to think about the ladder that may be more relevant to beginning physician-scientists (Figure 2). If we turn the Booker T. Washington ladder upside down, the difficult challenge is not at the top, but at the bottom — getting your little toe on the first rung. Here the ladder symbolizes the struggles of physician-scientists like Barry J. Marshall, who made the totally unexpected discovery that peptic ulcers are caused not by stress, but by a bacterial Helicobacter infection that can be cured with antibiotics. Marshall got their first toe on the ladder by doing a bold experiment in 1985 that opened a new field, but virtually no one recognized the significance of their work when it was first published in the Medical Journal of Australia — not one of your high-profile journals!
Figure 2 Ladder for physician-scientists. Puryear's Ladder has been turned upside down. Illustration by Nancy Heard; reproduced with permission of the artist.
The Barry J. Marshalls of the world who do truly original research have the first 94 rungs of the upside-down ladder all to themselves for many years until reaching the 95th rung — the 5th rung from the top — where there's now room for other scientists to jump on the bandwagon and join in on the fun and excitement of a new venture. This is the tipping point when a new field of science or medicine explodes with widening opportunities and becomes widely recognized as important.
So what is the best way for a young physician-scientist to get their or their little toe on the first rung of the upside-down ladder? The key is to choose the right mentor. You don't want a mentor who counts papers, who is focused on impact, or who seeks press conferences. What you want is a mentor who can teach you how to ask the right question. Asking and framing the right question — one that is original, interesting, and experimentally tractable — is the hardest thing to do in science. In my view, the biggest mistake that beginning scientists make is to follow the crowd, which means you will be asking the next incremental question — not a bold one.
To the beginning physician-scientists in the audience, I wish you all good luck and success in selecting a mentor who can teach you how to ask the right question. Remember, you can't choose your parents, but you can choose your mentors.
CHAMPAIGN, IL - NOVEMBER 11: Ian Thomas (#80) of the Indiana Hoosiers runs after a catch as Patrick Nelson (#21) of the Illinois Fighting Illini attempts to tackle them during a game at Memorial Stadium on Nov. 11, 2017, in Champaign, Ill. (Photo by Michael Hickey/Getty Images)
Dane Brugler, senior NFL draft analyst for NFLDraftScout.com, answered questions about the upcoming draft and Cowboys during a live chat Friday. Here are some highlights:
Question: Should the Cowboys consider taking Jason Witten's replacement in the draft?
Dane Brugler: Absolutely it should be a consideration, especially with the talented depth in this year's TE class. The second-fourth rounds will be the sweet spot for 8-10 tight ends to come off the board. Indiana's Ian Thomas is one of my favorites; he's just scratching the surface of their potential and the value is right.
Q: Who's the best blocking TE in the Jason Witten mold?
Brugler: South Dakota State's Dallas Goedert -- there is a lot of Witten to their game. However, they are probably gone by No. 50 and I can't see Dallas taking a TE at No. 19. Indiana's Ian Thomas and Notre Dame's Durham Smythe are two logical options in the second-third rounds.
Q: Who do you think raised their stock the most during the Senior Bowl?
During recent years, there has been significant growth in mobile biometrics market. Biometric is likely to analyze people's physical characteristics as well as behavioral approach. The technology is mainly launched to support the argument that every individual is unique from both physical and behavioral mannerisms. Biometrics identifiers recognize both physiological characteristics and behavioral characteristics. Physiological characteristics identify the composition and shape of the body, such as fingerprints, face, hand, DNA, retina, ear features, and odor, whereas a person's behavior is recognized by behavioral characteristics such as voice, gestures, gait, and typing rhythm.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mobile-biometrics-market.html
Mobile biometrics portray some of the special characteristics such as face identification, retina, voice, iris, vein, scanner, software, and fingerprints. All these functions are put into action by launching superior quality camera, enhancement in the quality of microphones, and present mobile devices introduce some common method for verification such as fingerprint reader.
IT consumerization (information technology consumerization) acts as the main driver generating demand in the mobile biometric market. It refers to the use of personal devices such as tablet PCs, iphones and connects these devices to the corporate network for safe transactions even without prior permission of organizations. All these iphones and TabletPCs possess biometrics. At present, demand for iphones and TabletPCs is rising, which in turn raises the demand for mobile biometrics.
Hence, transformation of market to smart commerce from traditional commerce enable the mobile biometrics market to grow at an increasing rate that save time and deliver efficient security relations without any execution of passwords. Similarly, increasing demands for personal devices for financial transactions safely as well as BYOD (bring your own device) act as other driver which contributes growth to mobile biometric industry. Moreover, with the rise in demand for mobile security the voice biometrics are gaining more popularity.
Fear of data breach, privacy breakup, and high TCO (Total cost of ownership mainly depicts the indirect and direct cost of mobile biometrics) act as key restraints for this mobile biometrics market. There are high possibilities of unauthorized alteration of biometric databases which will further increase the cyber threats.
Thus, increase in e-commerce and online future transactions will create an opportunity for the investors to invest in mobile biometrics industry.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15062
Mobile biometrics markets are segmented by end users and application. Enterprises and individual consumers act as end users. Individual consumers can make online payment through mobile biometrics without using any debit card or credit card whereas enhancement in POS process will expand the market during the forecast period.
Access control and authentication are segmented by application in mobile biometrics market. The process of authentication is further segmented into single-factor authentication and multi-factor authentication. Multi-factor authentication possess three credentials and those are knowledge factor such as passwords, possession factor such as Paytm and inherence factor such as retina scan, fingerprint scan, and others. While single-factor authentication is a process that identifies the user requesting access through only one category of credentials. In 2015, access control held the major market share in mobile biometrics.
By geography mobile biometrics market is segmented by North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. North America and Europe shows a steady growth due to increase in adoption of smart phone devices and e-passport, compared to APAC and ROW.
Due to presence of abundant large and small vendors, mobile biometrics market is extremely fragmented. Research and development play a key role in mobile biometrics market which generate competition in terms of innovation, price, quality, distribution, reputation, service, and promotion. Increase in establishment of high level vendors raises M&As, wherein small vendors merged with large one.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A man has been taken to hospital with critical injuries after being found on the side of the road in the Christchurch suburb of Avonside.
Police received a call around 2.30 this morning from a person who discovered the seriously injured man on Gloucester St near the Gayhurst Bridge.
A police spokesperson said they may have been hit by a car but the circumstances behind their injuries are not yet known.
Stuff reported the man was found after they were hit by a car.
Advertisement
Police are making inquiries. The Gayhurst Bridge remains closed and motorists are advised to avoid the area.
David Hale with the committee overseeing renovations presented the plans to the council. The presentation included diagrams of what the new park would include. The proposed playground is designed to accommodate children with and without special needs.
The playground would feature swing sets for children in wheelchairs, as well as special shaded areas with musical devices for children to play.
Due to special hybrid material used to build it, the proposed playground would be less expensive to maintain than the wooden one currently in use.
Hale stressed the importance of keeping the fence around the perimeter where donators were named.
“We don't want to get rid of that,” said Hale. “We've had people coming up and taking their plaques because they think we're going to get rid of them. Our plan is to keep all of those.”
In other business, the council discussed the possibility of annexing property on Highway 109, which would be the site for additional housing.
Lebanon planning director Paul Corder spoke out against the idea. Corder argued the city's population size can't handle expanding.
Councilor Rob Cesternino argued the area was perfect for housing development because of what the city plans to do in the area in the coming years.
The discussion ended when the council decided enough time was spent on the subject.
Lastly, new parking laws were discussed.
Under the new laws, police would have the discretion to fine vehicles improperly parked in the street.
Police chief Mike Justice said officers would have discretion on whether cars were parked incorrectly.
“If someone's having a birthday party, and they have to use the street so everyone can park there, we're not going to do anything about that,” said Justice. “It's only when it becomes a problem for emergency vehicles trying to get in and out."
The council will next meet Tuesday at 6 p.m. At the Town Meeting Hall. A public hearing will start at 5:55 p.m.
Retiring Santa Barbara County Superior Court Executive Officer Gary Blair will be replaced by their No. 2, Darrel Parker, when they retire next month.
The Superior Court judges appointed Parker, who has served as a court administrator since 1999, most recently as chief deputy executive officer. Before that, they worked for the Los Angeles Superior Court and was involved in high-profile cases including Rodney King, Heidi Fleiss, Charles Keating and O.J. Simpson.
Once in Santa Barbara County, they helped handle operations for the Michael Jackson case in Santa Maria and worked with Blair to implement the court merger of municipal and superior courts into one system.
They also worked as the project manager for the Santa Maria Juvenile Court and clerk's office in Santa Maria and has written articles on court community communication.
Parker, who will begin their new position July 1, expects to split their time between the Santa Barbara and Santa Maria Superior Courts since no one will be filling their previous position, they said.
Three days a week he'll be in Blair's office, which will probably always seem like Blair's office instead of their own, Parker said. He's excited to take on the new position and continue their work, even though it's a difficult time for the court system.
“I am honored that the judges of Santa Barbara Superior Court have put their trust in me to serve this court in a higher capacity,” they said. “It is especially challenging during these economically difficult times. I look forward to working with the bench, the legal community and the dedicated professional employees of this organization to serve the community and provide access to justice for all citizens where they can resolve their disputes and reconcile relationships.”
Presiding Judge Arthur Garcia said Parker is well-liked and respected by their colleagues, so the change should be a seamless transition.
In addition to their court work, Parker has served on the board for the Santa Maria Valley Youth and Family Center, been a member of Santa Maria's Elks Lodge for 15 years, coached for the Orcutt United Soccer League and served as a leader for the Boy Scouts of America's Orcutt Troop 93.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man banned from owing a gun has been jailed for seven years after police raided their flat and seized a homemade weapon.
Mark Bannister, aged 42, of Ebenezer Street, Hednesford, near Cannock , was convicted of possessing a firearm when prohibited for life.
They were handed the sentence at Stafford Crown Court on Friday after being found guilty at an earlier hearing.
Acting on a tip-off, police searched the flat in Ebenezer Street on 15 September last year.
The gun, a homemade pistol-shaped firearm with a live 410 cartridges, was found hidden in a black bag behind pipes a sink.
Bannister was arrested at the scene.
Chief Insp Sarah Wainwright, of Cannock Chase Local Policing Team, welcomed the sentence.
They said: “This was potentially a very dangerous weapon. We're glad that Bannister is now behind bars and this weapon will now be destroyed. We take the safety of our communities very seriously and will not tolerate this behaviour.”
Bannister was sentenced on March 16.
CHEYENNE — Wyoming Game and Fish reports that the population of gray wolves in Wyoming continues to be healthy and exceed all criteria established to show that the species is recovered.
As part of the management of wolves Wyoming uses hunting as it does with many other species.
The draft regulation for the 2018 wolf hunting regulation is now available for public comment.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The total minimum population of wolves in Wyoming living outside of Yellowstone National Park and the Wind River Reservation at the end of 2017 was 238, with 198 in the Wolf Trophy Game Management Area.
The proposed mortality limit for 2018 is expected to result in an end of year population of around 160 wolves in the trophy game area, similar to the 2017 wolf hunting season.
“The primary change for the 2018 wolf hunting season proposal is adjustment of the wolf mortality limit, which was increased to 58. We calculate mortality limits annually based on the best available population and mortality data for wolves and packs present in the Wolf Trophy Game Management Area to be sure harvest levels are appropriate and ascribe to our commitment to manage for a recovered wolf population,” says Ken Mills, Game and Fish's large carnivore biologist who focuses on wolves.
“This proposal is the result of a data-driven approach based on measured wolf population dynamics,” said Mills.
Game and Fish's proposal is available for review and comment online and the proposal includes the allocation of higher hunt area quotas in those areas where wolf conflicts with livestock are high or in areas where wolves are impacting big game populations.
Public meetings on these regulation changes and others will occur at the following times and locations:
April 30 – 6 pm – Sheridan – Game and Fish Office
May 2 – 6 pm – Laramie – Game and Fish Office
May 8 – 6 pm – Cody – Park County Library
May 9 – 6 pm – Casper – Game and Fish Office
May 10 – 6 pm – Dubois – Headwaters Arts & Conference Center
May 16 – 6 pm – Pinedale – Game and Fish Office
May 17 – 6 pm – Jackson Teton County Auditorium
May 22 – 6 pm – Evanston – BEAR Center Pavilion
May 23 – 6 pm – Kemmerer – South Lincoln Events Center
May 24 – 6 pm – Green River – Game and Fish Office
Written comments will be accepted through 5 p.m. June 4 at public meetings, by mailing: Wyoming Game and Fish Department, Regulations, 3030 Energy Lane, Casper, WY 82604 or online at http://wgfd.wyo.gov.
Copies of the proposed regulations are available on the Game and Fish website and at the address above.
Written comments will be presented to the Game and Fish Commission prior to the public hearing at their July 10-11 meeting in Laramie at the Game and Fish Office.
The Game and Fish Department supports the Americans with Disabilities Act. Every effort will be made for reasonable accommodations by contacting the nearest Game and Fish office.
by
Homelessness is real on the Mid-Shore. As we sit snugly in our homes this winter, there is another population not quite so fortunate who might be “couch surfing” with family or friends, sleeping in cars, or even living in makeshift tents on the outskirts of our towns.
According to Julie Lowe, Executive Director of Talbot Interfaith Shelter (TIS), “Rurally, homelessness looks very different than in urban areas. Here on the Mid Shore, it can go unnoticed because it doesn't look like the people we may see with signs asking for money on the streets in our cities.”
Lowe goes on to explain that many people hear the word “homeless” and it strikes fear in their hearts as they think of urban stories about people being robbed or hurt by people in the cities which might have mental illness or substance abuse. They add that the reality in rural areas is that more of the people who become homeless have fallen on bad luck – lost jobs, illness, accidents, or divorce or changing family status.
Lowe adds, “The people who are homeless on the Mid Shore can go unnoticed because they want to be unnoticed. There is a stigma attached to homelessness. People judge you because they don't understand how your situation happened.” They add, “Many of these people are trying to piece it all together themselves and don't want people to know their struggles. It is often a crisis, like cold weather, that has them coming to the doors of our shelters.”
Krista Pettit, executive director of Haven Ministries of Queen Anne's County, adds that it is difficult to know the true number of homeless individuals on the Shore because the population is dispersed in a rural area. Funding for homeless programs are greater in the metropolitan areas where the numbers are more concentrated. According to Pettit and Lowe, because funding is limited in rural areas, partnerships with community organizations are crucial to meeting the needs, in particular, the role of the church community in meeting the needs.
Lowe adds, “The church model is how the Shore originally dealt with the homeless population in the winter months. Through a rotating seasonal shelter, communities were able to offer shelter in the evenings for people in need in area churches.”
Talbot Interfaith Shelter was a rotating church model for six years, rotating during the winter season between seven to 10 churches and the Synagogue, before finding a permanent shelter location in Easton two years ago. Haven Ministries Shelter has also operated as a church model for the past 12 years, utilizing Kent Island United Methodist Church in Stevensville as its seasonal shelter location. Both TIS and Haven Ministries still utilize churches to provide funding, meals, and volunteers to help run their shelters.
Lowe comments, “There seems to be more acceptance of the church model and more stigma associated with a permanent shelter.”
Pettit adds, “Churches are shelters for the shelter.”
Both Lowe and Pettit agree that the neighborly feeling in rural areas contributes to the communities taking care of their own. Many people have grown up volunteering in the church shelter model, but as a new generation comes of age, many have never had the experience.
Pettit adds, “There is now need to educate the next generation about how they can volunteer and help with this issue.”
The issue today with homelessness can be complex. According to Lowe and Pettit, people don't realize how hard it is for people with children to get jobs because of the issues around child care in our rural areas. Other issues involve the availability of mental health treatment/counseling, and getting proper documentation (birth certificates, Social Security numbers, and driver's licenses). With the Shore's immigrant population, there can also be language barriers and an insular community to contend with.
Jeanine Beasley, Continuum of Care Manager at Shore Behavioral Health, the core service agency for behavioral health in the five counties on the Mid Shore, comments, “Like most rural areas, there are limited resources to deal with the issues surrounding homelessness. In the area of mental health treatment/counseling, it can take a while to be seen by a mental health provider. Talbot Interfaith Shelter and Haven Ministries both have partnerships with area outpatient mental health providers – For All Seasons and Corsica River Mental Health – which can help address these issues more quickly.”
In addition to mental health issues, Beasley points to the lack of affordable housing and sustainable employment as other issues facing our communities today. They add, “There is a lack of awareness about this issue on the Mid Shore. Most people don't understand the reasons people find themselves in these difficult situations. Not everyone has a safety net of family and friends to help them when a crisis happens. Both TIS and Haven Ministries are trying to help their clients build that safety net to help them get back on their feet.”
Pettit states, “Year to year, the age of clients in our shelter can vary. Because you have to be 18 or older to stay alone in a shelter, there are issues with youth homelessness in our county. We are now exploring ways to address this.” They add, “There are also issues with the elderly due to financial and health issues, being disconnected from family, and having no support systems.”
The goal of both TIS and Haven Ministries is to get shelter clients stabilized through case management services so that their clients can transition into housing of their own. Both communities face challenges in finding affordable transitional housing. Talbot Interfaith Shelter partners with the Housing Commission of Talbot to provide apartments to their families transitioning into their own housing.
According to Carlene Phoenix, Deputy Director of the Housing Commission of Talbot, “Although Talbot County is one of the wealthiest counties in the state of Maryland, we need more affordable housing units for our workforce. Specifically, we need more income-based units for our minimum wage earners.”
Phoenix explains that although The Housing Choice Voucher Program (formerly Section 8 Program) can help provide rental assistance for housing for eligible families, the program's federal funding is not at a level to meet the needs in Talbot County.
Until some of these changes occur, individuals and families on the Mid Shore face the reality of quietly piecing together resources to meet their changing needs when crisis happens – often going unnoticed in our communities.
For information about how you can help with rural homelessness by volunteering, partnering, or donating to either Talbot Interfaith Shelter in Talbot County or Haven Ministries in Queen Anne's County, call Julie Lowe (TIS) at 410-310-2316 or Krista Pettit (Haven Ministries) at 410-739-4363.
/ Front page / News
Update: 12:42PM ITALIAN coaches Conor O�Shea and Mike Catt can not say enough about their love for the weather and atmosphere.
The former rugby national players of their respective countries, Italy head coach O�Shear (Ireland- utility back) and assistant coach Catt (England-utility back) tagged Fiji as an amazing country.
O�Shear featured 35 times for Ireland said they would love to visit Fiji again in the near future.
"This is my first time to Fiji and I would like to come back for a holiday," O�Shear said.
While the English 75 test veteran and 2003 World Cup winner, Catt commended the warm reception and welcoming they received when they arrived in to the country on Monday evening.
"This is my first time in Fiji and it has been amazing. The people are amazing. The way we were being welcomed is amazing. The scenery and the country are amazing."
"We have only been here for two days but the welcoming has been amazing. So it�s a good start."
The South African born former English and British and Irish Lions player still holds the record of being the oldest player to play in a Rugby World Cup final.
They played in the 2003 Rugby World Cup final against Australia at the age of 36-years and one month.
England won on that occasion 20-17 in Telstra Stadium, Sydney.
Nigel Tiley knows it will all come down to luck in the running with their group one Livamol Classic (2040m) prospect Megablast at Hastings today.
Megablast is one of the fresh runners at the three-day Hawke's Bay Carnival, but they have travelled far in preparation for the weight-for-age feature. Their latest two runs have been on either side of the Tasman and their Pukekohe trainer has them primed to give a good account of themselves today.
"I couldn't be happier with their work on Tuesday, it was as good as he's ever worked, but they will need a bit of luck in the running if he's to get some of it," Tiley said.
"It's never easy in a group one race and you just need to get some of the breaks."
Advertisement
Jockeys' best
A selection of New Zealand's leading jockeys offer their best rides for the weekend and, where applicable, last week's result.
Lisa Allpress: Dark Princess - Hastings (Race 7)
(Sensible Princess - 1st)
Opie Bosson: Gingernuts - Hastings (Race 8)
(Sun Genes - 5th)
Michael McNab: Dragon - Te Awamutu (Race 2)
Matt Cameron: Mongolian Legend - Hastings (Race 1)
(Mongolian Legend - scratched)
Sam Collett: Miss Wilson - Hastings (Race 9)
(Aston Park - unplaced)
Mark Du Plessis: Star Treasure - Te Rapa (Race 6)
(Smedley - scratched)
Chris Johnson: Son of Maher - Riccarton (Race 7)
(Irish Express - unplaced)
Johnathan Parkes: Hiflyer - Te Rapa (Race 2)
(Celebratedachiever - 2nd)
Jonathan Riddell: Taurus - Te Rapa (Race 2)
(Keep It Savvy - 2nd)
Sam Spratt: Naughty Knuckles - Te Awamutu (Race 9)
(Stokers Rock - 2nd)
Jason Waddell: Haussmann - Hastings (Race 5)
(Notabadcraftsman - 1st)
- NZ Racing Desk
Goals from Republic of Ireland internationals Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne helped keep Preston within three points of the Championship playoff places after recording back-to-back wins with a 2-1 victory against Hull at Deepdale.
Hull, who dropped into the bottom three after Bolton's victory over Bristol City on Friday, took the lead courtesy of Jarrod Bowen's 29th-minute strike.
Cunningham brought Preston back level after 36 minutes and Browne's penalty just before the break sealed the three points.
Tom Huddlestone inspired Derby to a 3-0 victory over 10-man Brentford which kept them in the automatic promotion places.
Huddlestone scored their first goal in 125 appearances and set up the second to help move the Rams to within eight points of leaders Wolves, who host Sheffield United in the late kick-off.
Brentford midfielder Sergi Canos was sent off midway through the first half and Huddlestone, capped four times by England, made them pay moments later.
The former Hull midfielder then had a hand in creating Derby's second goal, which was finished by Cameron Jerome in the 34th minute, while Matej Vydra added a late third with a penalty.
Aston Villa remain third, a point behind Derby, after beating struggling Burton 3-2 to claim their sixth straight Championship victory.
Villa took the lead after 33 minutes when a fine team goal was finished by Irish striker Scott Hogan and Albert Adomah made it 2-0 in the 65th minute.
Ahmed Elmohamady's own goal gifted the Brewers a route back into the game, but Jack Grealish restored Villa's two-goal cushion late on.
There was still time for Liam Boyce to score for Burton but Nigel Clough's side are rooted to the bottom of the table.
Neil Warnock returned to haunt their former club as Cardiff kept up their promotion hopes with a 4-1 win at 10-man Leeds.
Callum Paterson headed home after eight minutes for the Bluebirds and their lead was doubled by Junior Hoilett in the 41st minute.
The hosts' day went from bad to worse at the end of the first half when Gaetano Berardi was sent off and Sean Morrison added a third to put Cardiff in complete control.
Sol Bamba's own goal gave Leeds fans something to cheer after 54 minutes, but Republic of Ireland winger Anthony Pilkington rounded off the victory late on for fourth-placed Cardiff.
Fulham moved up to fifth after Lucas Piazon and Stefan Johansen scored second-half goals in a 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest.
Sunderland remain second bottom and are two points adrift of safety after a 2-0 home defeat against Ipswich.
Joe Garner broke the deadlock in the 35th minute and the Tractor Boys found themselves in the clear on the stroke of half-time courtesy of Adam Matthews's own goal.
Birmingham edged four points clear of the relegation zone with a 3-1 victory at nine-man Sheffield Wednesday.
David Davis opened the scoring for the Blues in the eighth minute and Jota made it 2-0 midway through the first half.
Marco Matias was then sent off for the Owls in the 38th minute and Jota added their second just before the break.
Lucas Joao reduced Wednesday's deficit in the 54th minute, but the hosts were reduced to nine men when Daniel Pudil was given a red card after 68 minutes.
Josh Scowen scored their first goal for QPR to help secure a 1-0 victory against their former club Barnsley.
Rangers were reduced to 10 men when Irishman Ryan Manning was sent off in the 71st minute, but struggling Barnsley failed to find an equaliser.
Norwich beat Middlesbrough, who had Rudy Gestede sent off in the first half, 1-0 courtesy of Tom Trybull's goal, while Leandro Bacuna's own goal and a Lee Gregory strike helped Millwall win 2-0 at Reading.
Screenshot: Nintendo
Hidden under Splatoon 2's fresh gear and multiplayer madness is an outrageous backstory. Nintendo has done a fantastic job of releasing free content for the games' online offerings, but their newest DLC is all about the single player struggle and adding some ridiculous plot twists to the colorful franchise.
The original Splatoon used its hidden Sunken Scrolls to help dedicated players piece together the the Inklings' sordid past. Analyzing all of the scrolls led to some interesting (and disturbing) conclusions. The most important of which being:
Humans are long dead thanks to rising sea levels, and it's been roughly 12,000 years since they were sent to their watery grave.
Sea creatures evolved into the dominant lifeforms and eventually took to the land, with squids (Inklings) and octopi (Octarians) taking the lead.
After fighting over this new land, the Inklings eventually forced the Octarians underground.
Judd the cat, who helps judge the Splatoon turf wars, is 2,000 years old and pretty much immortal.
Advertisement
The Sunken Scrolls returned in Splatoon 2's single player mode, but didn't give players any more history regarding the demise of humankind or the beef between the Inkling and Octarian factions. The single player storyline was also almost identical to the first game, and didn't establish any kind of new enemy or setting. A bit disappointing, considering all the weird directions the game's creators could have taken the story.
As it turns out, they were saving most of the weirdness for Splatoon 2's first paid DLC.
Advertisement
Warning: Outrageous Octo Expansion Spoilers Ahead
The Octo Expansion is the first time the Splatoon series has allowed players to control the Inklings' mortal enemy. The story begins with an Octarian teen, often referred to as an “octoling,” waking up deep underground without a clue as to who it is or how it got there. The octoling soon teams up with opposition leader Captain Cuttlefish (a feisty old-timer from the first game's story) to try and find a way back to the surface.
Advertisement
Before devising such a feat, Cuttlefish and your octoling character are introduced to a overly-enthusiastic telephone found in an underground subway station. The mysterious phone speaks of “the promise land,” claiming that if the octoling (now known as Agent 8) wants to be free, they'll have to locate four holy relics.
It all has a very creepy cult vibe, and it's immediately apparent that this phone is going to play some kind of devious role in the fate of Agent 8's story.
Advertisement
With this knowledge, Cuttlefish and Agent 8 hop on the nearest subway car and head off to different stations in search of the relics, humorously dubbed “The Four Thangs.” This is the bulk of Octo Expansion's content, and consists of 80 individual challenges. Each victory leads players further down a subway line and nets them an adorable “mem cake” for their troubles. The challenges can be pretty intense, but it's not necessary to complete them all to find the relics you're after.
Upon acquiring a thang or two it becomes quite obvious that something is amiss.
Advertisement
Yeah. You're definitely building a giant blender.
Once all four thangs have been reunited, Mr. Murder Phone will ask if the player is “ready to ascend to a higher plane of existence” and if they are “willing to become something greater than [themself].” At which point, as predicted, they attempt to blend Agent 8 and Captain Cuttlefish into a fine purée.
Luckily, Agent 3 (who has been missing since the events of the first game) bursts through the ceiling just in time to destroy the blender and foil that nasty phone. What ensues is basically a race to the surface through various Octarian facilities and beyond a battle with a now-brainwashed Agent 3.
Advertisement
There's a terribly old creepypasta that originated on 4chan, purposely written in crude english, that describes a boyfriend being called by their girlfriend's father, only to find out their girlfriend's father is dead. This paragraph of a story ends in the classic meme question — THEN WHO WAS PHONE? And at this point in the Octo Expansion storyline, we can finally answer that age old inquiry.
Turns out phone was Commander Tartar. An ancient form of AI programed 12,000 years ago by *drum roll* a human professor. This well-intentioned machine was built to pass on all of humankind's greatest knowledge to a worthy successor. Unfortunately, the Inklings and the Octarians just aren't cutting it. It's for this reason the Commander has devised a plan to create some new and improved primordial ooze from the DNA of the best and brightest squids, kids, and other sea life.
Advertisement
Since most self-aware lifeforms aren't too keen on having their genetics extracted, Tartar feels it would easier if they were simply wiped out. And wouldn't you know it, ol' foamy phone just so happens to have a giant solar-powered humanoid statue head armed with a deadly laser. You know, so they can destroy the unworthy society that is Inkopolis.
But hold on.
Let's just stop and appreciate how devastatingly dark and twisted the storyline of this E10+ Nintendo game has become.
Advertisement
The main villain is a genocidal robot, created by a seemingly well-meaning human, who is hellbent on obliterating an entire city they have deemed unfit for existence.
I mean... wow.
The fact that they tried to chop up the main character into little bits so they could harvest their DNA was also a tad much.
Advertisement
There's no doubt Commander Tartar deserves a spot near the top of gaming's most hardcore villains. The fact that they come from such a vibrant and lighthearted game just makes their barbaric and over-the-top plot that much more sinister.
Of course, with help from the idol duo Pearl and Marina, players can thwart Commander Tartar's enormous laser cannon and save the day. All they have to do is cover the entire statue in a layer of sun-blocking paint before it has time to charge.
Advertisement
And if they don't... well...
Everyone dies!
I can't wait for Splatoon 3.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is an estimated £9.7million triple rollover jackpot to be won on the Lotto draw for Saturday, February 3.
Could your numbers be about to whisk you away to a life of luxury?
If you have a ticket, check your numbers below. Good luck!
To get the jackpot - or a share of it - players must match all six of the main numbers in the Lotto draw.
The numbers range from one to 59, and tickets cost £2.
The results for Saturday, February 3, are:
The winning Lotto numbers are: 29, 26, 49, 08, 58 and 27. The bonus ball is 38.
The winning Thunderball numbers are: 15, 26, 03, 13 and 17. The Thunderball is 02.
This draw's £1m Lotto Millionaire Raffle is LIME 5958 8590.
Lotto draws are made every Wednesday and Saturday, with players asked to pick six numbers ranging from one to 59.
The biggest jackpot was £66 million in January 2016, won by two lucky ticket holders.
7 April 2018 – Nevada Wellness is offering the most comprehensive as well as genuinely effective way to discover everything there is to know about fat freezing – how it works and just how helpful it may really be.
The summer season is nearly upon us and, of course, we are all doing our best to slim down and to look our best for the beach. Still, it is a whole lot easier said than done, especially when it comes to the different problematic areas that we all have – lower abs, legs and the rear side. The fat from there is where challenging to get rid of.
With that said, though, it really is not entirely impossible. And, of course, one way or the other, you are going to be off looking for the most effective solution. Which is one of the many reasons why you have probably heard about Cryolipolysis, since the procedure is becoming more and more popular. This basically is fat freezing. While most of other solutions are there to literally melt fat away, the given one is there to turn it into pure ice crystals. However, of course, the one thing that you will want to know would be – is it really as efficient? Well, Nevada Wellness is there to provide you with all of the necessary information on the matter – you are going to figure out how fat freezing works, is it dangerous, what are the possible side effects and so much more. The article will provide you with all the facts that you are going to need in order to make an educated decision in line with all of the gathered info. Which is one of the many reasons why you are going to really find it to be extremely helpful and valuable indeed.
The article will provide you with all of the information regarding the pros and cons of Cryolipolysis and you will therefore be able to figure out whether you need this procedure and whether t is going to be helpful for you indeed. The article is written in plain language and will give you all the facts you will need.
About Nevada Wellness:
Nevada Wellness is an online resource offering the most effective articles and information about the non-invasive cosmetic treatments and how these could prove to be genuinely invaluable to you indeed. To learn more about it, feel free to check out the official webpage.
Contact:
Company Name: Nevada Wellness
Email: contact@NevadWellness.pro
Website: https://nevadawellness.pro/
MASHPEE, Mass. (AP) — A modest courthouse and a fledgling police force, a housing development for American Indian families and a school where students are taught exclusively in the tribe's ancestral language. These are the visible signs of an independent tribal nation that has grown on the famous vacation getaway of Cape Cod in recent years.
But the future of those and other developments is uncertain as the Mashpee Wampanoag — the tribe whose ancestors broke bread with the Pilgrims nearly four centuries ago — awaits a decision from the Interior Department on whether it can continue to govern a slice of its historic lands.
The U.S. Department of Interior is reconsidering its 2015 decision to place some 300 acres into trust for the tribe. A federal judge who sided with local residents challenging the declaration sent it back to the agency for reconsideration in the final months of President Barack Obama's administration in 2016.
Land in trust is a special status in which the federal government holds the title to the property and allows the tribe to make its own decisions on how to develop the tax-exempt land and its natural resources.
Advertisement
"It's incredibly frustrating," says Jessie "Little Doe" Baird, the tribe's vice chairperson. "We've been struggling to keep land under our feet since the 1600s."
The case — and separate regulatory changes contemplated by the Trump administration in the way tribes apply for trust lands — has raised red flags across Indian Country.
Apart from instances in which tribes request it, the federal government hasn't removed a tribe's land trust status since the notorious Termination Era of the 1940s through the 1960s. Back then, Congress sought to end tribal independence by removing federal protections and pushing for the assimilation of American Indians, say Native American groups and federal Indian law experts.
"While it's not exactly the same, this brings back those same types of concerns, that those lands that have been seen as secure and protected are potentially not as secure as they were before," said Derrick Beetso, senior counsel for the National Congress of American Indians, the largest organization representing tribal communities.
Two dozen tribes, from the Apache in the Southwest to the Sioux in the Dakotas, have written letters in support of legislation in Congress proposed by Massachusetts lawmakers to enshrine the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe's land status.
The tribe's leaders have also been visiting other tribal territories in recent months to voice their concerns with the Trump administration's proposed changes to the land into trust process, which it sees as a direct response to its tortured legal case. The tribe's appeal of the 2016 court decision remains in federal court pending the Interior Department's action.
"This could be just the beginning," Baird said. "If it can happen to us, it can happen to anyone."
The proposed revisions weren't prompted by a specific tribe, said Nedra Darling, spokesperson for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, stressing that there's no timeframe for making regulatory changes. The agency's initial proposal was withdrawn after tribes objected.
Those draft regulations would have, among other things, given the public 30 days to appeal any land trust decision and stated explicitly that the Interior Department would comply with any court orders, rather than appeal them.
Tribes argue the Interior Department must commit to defending its land trust decisions — all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, if necessary — since opponents critical of the loss of taxable land frequently go to great lengths to keep lands out of tribal hands.
If the Mashpee Wampanoag loses trust status for its 321 acres, the tribe's four-judge court and two-member police department would likely have to be shut down, because they would no longer be operating on sovereign land, said Baird, the tribe's vice chairperson.
The tribe would also probably have to halt work on a 143-bedroom housing development for tribal elders and families to seek local permits and approvals, they said. The tribe has already built roads, underground infrastructure and a wastewater treatment plant for the project.
And it would almost certainly have to go back to the drawing board on its planned $1 billion casino and hotel complex on a 170-acre industrial park it owns in Taunton, a city some 50 miles away from its Cape Cod base. The tribe, backed by Malaysian gambling company the Genting Group, broke ground on the project in 2016 but halted work after residents, backed by a rival casino company, Chicago's Rush Street Gaming, successfully sued in federal court.
Paying back taxes is also a possibility, since the tribe and its members would again be subject to state and local taxes, said Robert Anderson, director of the Native American Law Center at the University of Washington in Seattle.
The closest comparisons to the Mashpee's situation, they said, are the experiences of Menominee Tribe in Wisconsin and the Klamath Tribes in Oregon during the Termination Era.
The Menominee lost a lumber mill and a hospital and had to sell some land to pay local taxes after they lost trust status. The Klamath took per-capital payments for its land and lost their reservation. Both have since regained federal recognition and some land, Anderson said.
The threat of losing sovereign territory is deeply personal for many in the 3,000-member Mashpee Wampanoag tribe, said Kevin "Rising Eagle" Frye, the tribe's police chief.
Elders like their 96-year-old father, Milton Frye, helped secure federal recognition, which finally came in 2007 and was a critical step in securing trust land, they said. Newer generations, like their 22-year-old son, Kevin Frye Jr., a newly minted Barnstable County deputy sheriff, hope to one day take their place in the tribe's growing government.
"There was so much pride when our tribe's flag was raised for the first time over sovereign land. So this is really tough. This is something our families have fought so hard for," Frye Sr. said. "But at the same time, it doesn't change my job. I have to keep dealing with each day as it comes."
___
Fonseca reported from Flagstaff, Arizona.
MOHAMMED HUWAIS/AFP/Getty Images A Yemeni woman holds the hand of one of their children, who is suspected of being infected with cholera, as they receive treatment at a hospital in the capital Sana'a, on August 12, 2017.
Cholera is believed to have affected more than 500,000 people and killed nearly 2,000 since late April, the World Health Organization said Monday.
A full 503,484 suspected cases and 1,975 deaths are attributable to the outbreak that erupted less than four months ago in the war-ravaged country, a WHO overview showed, AFP reported.
The UN health agency said the speed at which the deadly waterborne disease was spreading had slowed significantly since early July, but warned that it was still affecting an estimated 5,000 people each day.
The collapse of Yemen's infrastructure after more than two years of war has allowed the country's cholera epidemic to swell to the largest in the world.
The poor country has been facing war by a Saudi-led coalition since March 2015. Leading a number of its vassal states, Riyadh launched the military aggression on Yemen to eliminate the popular Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstall a Riyadh-friendly former president. The war, however, has failed to achieve either of the goals, morphing into a protracted conflict and causing a humanitarian crisis in Yemen.
The country's main international airport in Sana'a is also blockaded, with access limited to a select few UN aid flights by the Saudi-led coalition, which controls the airspace.
WHO warned that the disease had spread rapidly due to deteriorating hygiene and sanitation conditions, with millions of people cut off from clean water across the country.
"Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions," WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said in a statement.
"Thousands of people are sick, but there are not enough hospitals, not enough medicines, not enough clean water," they said, also lamenting that many of the doctors and nurses needed to rein in the outbreak had not been paid for nearly a year.
"They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives," they said.
WHO said that it and its partners were "working around the clock" to support the national efforts to halt the outbreak, adding that more than 99 percent of people who contract cholera in Yemen can survive if they can access health services.
More than 15 million people in the country have no access to basic healthcare.
Tedros called on all sides in Yemen's conflict to urgently seek a political solution.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a man who spends their time sinking fibre optic cables into roads ex- Birmingham City flier Louie Donowa knows a thing or two about speed.
And they don't see much of it in modern day football.
Pace was a quality Donowa certainly didn't lack during a playing career that spanned the best part of two decades.
It was a career which took them from East Anglia, to northern Spain, to the Netherlands, around the West Midlands, to Finland and finally to non league Tamworth.
But it was their six years at Birmingham City for which they will be best remembered.
During their time at St Andrew's, from when they were brought to the club in 1991 to the time they left, after failing to feature under Trevor Francis, they became known for their fleeting brilliance.
In all the pacy winger scored 19 times in 168 appearances for Blues and helped the club to the league and Auto Windscreens double in 1995.
Here's how they look back on their career.
THEN....
What was your most memorable Blues goal and why?
"I scored a few spectacular ones.
"The one at Leyton Orient in December 1994 when I ran from the edge of our box and whacked it in the back of their net - I can't find it on YouTube anywhere.
"There was one at West Brom when we won 4-2 at The Hawthorns and one on the first day of the season in 1992 at home to Notts County when the ball came out to me from a corner and I volleyed it straight back in."
What was your best moment in football?
"Playing at Wembley with Blues and Norwich were very special.
"I actually did really well in the Footballer's Sprint Challenge in 1992 and won the Midlands heat ahead of Dalian Atkinson.
"I couldn't make the final at Wembley though because I had a trapped nerve. John Williams won it but I was a pretty decent sprinter.
"I'd done 10.9 seconds for the 100m and 21 seconds for the 200m and beaten some Under 21 internationals."
What was your lowest moment in football?
"It was when I was one of Birmingham's longest serving players with Paul Tait and Trevor Francis was going to give me a contract.
"I remember playing really well in the reserves against Liverpool, Leeds and Blackburn up against Graeme Le Saux and Trevor said ‘We'd rather keep you than let you go'.
"I had talks but there was no contract and I ended up hanging about in the reserves before going to Peterborough. I wish I'd have stuck it out."
What souvenir/memento from your career do you most treasure?
"There's my England Under 21 caps, I played four times but they gave you one cap per two games.
"I've got my Milk Cup winner's medal and my medals with Birmingham. My daughter's got them somewhere safe.
"I don't really have any shirts because back then you didn't really swap shirts because there weren't that many around."
NOW.....
Who is your closest friend from football?
"Probably Ruel Fox from our time at Norwich together. I'm not really in touch with any of the Blues lads any more, you all go your separate ways, you move on with your lives and concentrate on work and family."
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Who is the best current player in your position?
"Cristiano Ronaldo but he's not an out and out winger. I like Eden Hazard, the way they just goes past people like they are not there.
"Theo Walcott and Andros Townsend have got plenty of pace, I like to see that on a football field."
(Image: Reuters / Darren Staples)
What is worse and what is better about football now compared to your day?
"I watch Ipswich every weekend and there's just no pace or width in the modern game, it's all about packing the midfield and keeping the ball with short passes.
"And I can't believe how much diving around and play acting there is trying to get players sent off.
"The dietary side of things has come on massively and I'd have really benefited from that specialist advice.
"I don't think I drank enough water or ate the right foods. I'd be flying in training all week then come the weekend I wouldn't have much energy."
As 400,000 people come to Las Vegas for EDC, Project Neon will begin closures. (FOX5)
Bonnie Hawkins has lived on Washington near Martin Luther King Boulevard, and said she's used to traffic, but not the amount she'll be seeing this weekend.
"Sometimes the traffic is so heavy I can't get out of my driveway," they said. "That's hard enough. Then having the Electric Daisy Carnival come, it is not going to be nice at all," they said exasperated.
Hawkins said living close to the Spaghetti Bowl, she's familiar with Project Neon, but this weekend, it'll be even worse. As 400,000 people come to Las Vegas for EDC, Project Neon will begin closures.
Beginning at 10:00 p.m. Friday, through Monday at 5:00 a.m., the US 95 will be closed in both directions where it connects to I-15. MLK will also be shut down.
"We could not avoid this," Tony Illia with Nevada Department of Transportation said. "We plan our construction years in advance."
That means people heading to EDC will have to potentially get off and take side streets through neighborhoods. NDOT said side streets nearby the Spaghetti Bowl will also be affected including Bonanza, Rancho, Eastern, Valley View and Decatur.
As bad as that traffic will be for people like Bonnie Hawkins, NDOT said it'll be nothing compared to when the festival wraps up.
"The big concern is Monday morning. When all that [EDC] traffic exits and mingles with the morning commute traffic," Illia said.
Bonnie Hawkins said they planned to avoid the added traffic as much as they can, and if they don't have to leave their house early morning or late at night, they won't.
"We have no choice but to deal with it."
Project Neon was 65 percent complete as of Monday and was scheduled to wrap up in summer 2019.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
6 of the Best Ways to Spend Your Summer in Tampa BayTampa Bay is calling your name! Our beautiful area offers so much and this list is just a small segment of what Tampa Bay has in store for you this summer. Here are the best ways to spend your summer here in Tampa Bay.
The Ethiopian marathoner hid behind a column at the Miami airport as they carried a bouquet of red roses.
Feyisa Lilesa's daughter spotted them first and ran in for a hug. Then, their young son and lastly their wife.
On Valentine's Day, the Olympic silver medalist who became an international figure when they crossed their wrists in protest at the finish line in Rio de Janeiro finally reunited with their family. They were a little late (traffic), but what's a few extra minutes when he's already waited six long months to see them.
As they made their way out of the airport, their daughter rode on the luggage and their son perched on their shoulders, carrying the flowers they brought as a gift.
"The biggest gift is us seeing each other again " and me seeing them again," Lilesa said through a translator in a phone interview Tuesday. "It's all been very tough."
The 27-year-old eventually settled in Flagstaff, Arizona, after making an anti-government gesture during the Olympic marathon that drew global attention to the deadly protests in their home region of Oromia. They never returned home after Brazil out of fear of what might happen to him.
He's constantly been worrying about the family they left behind in Ethiopia. Their nearly 6-year-old daughter, Soko, and 3 -year-old son, Sora, always asked when they will see them again.
Finally, they were able to answer.
Lilesa remains in the U.S. on a special skills visa. Their family arrived on visas as well, secured through their attorney.
The plan now is this: A few days of beach time and then it's off to Flagstaff where the family will settle into everyday life in their rental house.
Continued below.
Related Content Political Roundup: Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Diana Clement: With insurance, it pays to read fine print Your views: Readers letters'
One weight off their mind.
Still, they can't forget what their country is going through, with the Oromia region experiencing anti-government protests over recent months. Violent anti-government protests spread to other parts of Ethiopia and led to a state of emergency that was declared in October.
Since their gesture, many have described Lilesa as a national hero.
"My mind is pretty much occupied by what is happening back home," Lilesa said. "Whether I'm running or I'm sleeping or I'm laying back, my family and what is happening in Ethiopia " and what is happening to my people " that's constantly on my mind."
Most days since their arrival in America have been spent training. It was their best cure for loneliness.
"I come from a very big family, and I've never lived alone," Lilesa said. "I've always been surrounded by people I know. This has been the complete opposite. Here, I'm removed from all of that."
Still, they would protest all over again.
"I think me taking the risk and putting family in that position and putting them potentially in harm's way, it was a good lesson for a lot of people that you need to sacrifice in order for you to win some concessions and change your situation," Lilesa said. "In that sense, it inspires people to fight for their rights and resist the government in Ethiopia. It also led to greater awareness about the situation in Ethiopia.
"Now, you see more coverage of the human rights violations. I speak with people wherever I go. Even outside the media limelight, people are interested in knowing. They heard the story because of my protest."
Someday, they would like to go back to Ethiopia.
"But as long as this current government is in power, I don't have hope of going back to Ethiopia," they explained. "I do know change is inevitable."
They also want to compete at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Whether that's wearing the colors of Ethiopia, they don't know.
"I'm not too hopeful the system will be changed in the next three years and I will be in a position to run for Ethiopia. We will have to wait and see," said Lilesa, who plans to run in the London Marathon in two months.
For now, Lilesa's priority is getting their family settled.
"I knew that we would meet somehow, but I didn't expect it would happen under these circumstances over here," Lilesa said. "When I think about my family, it takes me back to why I did this and why I'm here. I missed my family, but this was a big bother to me " the plight of my people."
___
AP Photographer Wilfredo Lee in Miami contributed to this report.
2:09
Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
3:01
Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener
2:23
It was set up to be Ireland's moment of reaffirmation; a second match against the weakest team of the pool, a recalibration of position and world status after the biff and grind of Australia and falling over the line in the first game
Japan were the gentle blossoms of the pool.
But as a hushed crowd looked helplessly on it was Ireland who creaked and groaned for an entire first half and out of a muggy evening Japan threatened an eclipse that would throw a shadow over UCD's Belfield Bowl.
It lasted for a full 73 minutes before Nora Stapleton, discovering their inner ‘Rogge' landed a penalty to give Ireland the lead for the first time in the match. The crowd could rise.
“Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good,” said a pragmatic Ireland coach Tom Tierney on Ireland's ploughed out 22-14 win.
It was a match that broke unevenly, mangled and dysfunctional in the first 40 minutes as Ireland lost the energy of the home fans.
Will and spirit was swallowed up as Japan's fiercely simple game of contesting breakdowns, crisp running and a correct idea in their heads took hold, that they could demolish the Irish scrum.
With the vitality dissipating in the stands, hopes also began to fall and as halftime bore down Ireland trailed by 14 points to a team that has not won a match in a World Cup competition for 15 years.
This was not the script. Ireland's journey all along was to set up against France on Thursday for the winner takes all in the pool, Japan a ritual slaughtering purely for home town consumption.
“We didn't play well but we won. We'll review it in the morning. It's as simple as that,” added Tierney. “Mightily relived. A win is a win but we have a lot of work to do if we are to get a win against the French.”
There was wonder at the vim and vigour of Japan, who were outmuscled and overshadowed by the bigger Irish team. But as Tierney made the half-time adjustments, changed the front row and brought in the more experienced cavalry, the game slowly tuned. The fans were invited back in.
Momentum shift
Two tries and Ireland drew level. Alison Miller burst in for the first. Red embers began to flame. Another from Paula Fitzpatrick, the first of their two and Ireland could sense the momentum shift. Stapleton kicked and Ireland took the lead. The home crowd sighed.
Even then the lead was nervously held as Ireland's pick and go wore down their opponents, the low numbers grinding Japan. It was the pack that unpicked the match.
In the end the Irish players hugged each other as sisters do on hearing that the bad news was actually not so bad at all.
“You have to give great credit to the Japanese,” added Tierney. “They were well able to play and they did put us under pressure. And they didn't make mistakes.
“They had a lot of possession in that first half. That's very hard so we'll be looking to rectify that. You can't give the French 61 per cent possession. It is going to be a cup final on Thursday night. But we are under no illusions were had to improve in a number of areas.”
As the crowd clapped a weary Japan formed a respectful line on the pitch and reverentially bowed to each player.
Some of the Irish forwards, emotionally drained and physically empty, eschewed the formality and warmly embraced their astonished opponents.
“We have to be a small bit more accurate in key moments,” added Tierney. “Well work hard at that. No, we didn't perform well. We can't feel sorry for ourselves for very long. We have to get back on the horse.”
“There is still not a loss beside our name but we have to take the positives out. We are going to build it up for a good crack at the French on Thursday.”
A win it will have to be as France further built their points mountain against Australia. No more equivocal performances from Ireland. The World Cup can start or end this week.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Renée Lopez's photographs of Portlanders of color are on display at Union Knott through March 5. Image: Courtesy Renée Lopez
7–9 p.m. Mon, Feb 13, Curious Comedy Theater, $10–15
This Doesn't Shoot Portland fundraiser hosted by Revolution Comedy features sets from Curtis Cook, Jon Washington, and Jake Silberman.
Thru Feb 14, ridepdw.com
Local bike company Portland Design Works—which makes some of the snazziest fenders and cutest bottle cages out there, in addition to a ton of other great gear—will donate 100 percent (!) of proceeds to the ACLU.
Noon Tues, Feb 14, City Hall, FREE
What's the current state of resettlement and refugees in the Portland area? This free lunchtime chat, put on by the World Affairs Council of Oregon and the City of Portland's New Portlander program, takes on that question, and asks what more the region can do.
7–9 p.m. Tue, Feb 14, Sentinel Hotel. $80. Reservations only.
Top Chef heartthrob Doug Adams and Jen Quist, the team behind downtown's much-anticipated Bullard restaurant, throw an over-the-top bash for the “V-Day haters and the caviar lovers” to benefit Planned Parenthood. They're going all out, people: red carnations on the communal tables, '80s/'90s love (and breakup) classics on the sound system, and Adams serving everything from fried chicken skins to butter-poached lobster with truffles from a pop-up kitchen right in the space. SWOON.
Noon Wed, Feb 14, World Affairs Council of Oregon, $10–15
Now retired from the Foreign Service, Fairfax formerly serves as US Ambassador to Kazakhstan and on the National Security Council as director for Russia, Ukraine, and Eurasia. In other words, they can hopefully help puzzle through just what's going on with US-Russia relations—and where things might be headed.
8–9:30 p.m. Thu, Feb 16, Shout House
This new monthly variety show aims to teach tools for effective resistance through music, theater, comedy, poetry, and skill sharing. Admission is free, and donations will benefit the Civil Liberties Defense Center.
7:30 p.m. Thu, Feb 16, CoHo Theater, FREE
Ready to get off the bench? Part theater, part rally, Hand2Mouth's show finds a quartet of performers playing enthusiastic coaches who really! believe! in! you! Today's performance, in solidarity with the national general strike on February 17, is free. (The show continues regular performances through February 26.)
All day Fri, Feb 17
Direct Action Alliance and Voz Hispana Cambio Comunitario join in a call for a general boycott and strike, encouraging folks not to work (provided they won't get fired) or shop, and to sign this petition urging the City of Portland to divest from banks invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Noon Sat, Feb 18 & 24; 4 p.m. Sun, Feb 19 & 25, $15
As part of Black History Month, Know Your City offers this tour of North Portland's Boise and Eliot neighborhoods, giving a glimpse into what was historically the heart of the city's African American community.
7 p.m. Sat, Feb 18, 5th Avenue Cinema
Don't Shoot Portland invites all supporters of last month's Women's March for an evening of videos, a presentation by ACLU of Oregon legislative director Kimberly McCullough, and a rundown of Portland Indivisible tactics.
Dance 4 Planned Parenthood 9 p.m.–2:15 a.m. Sat, Feb 18, The Liquor Store
Five DJs will be on site to provide the best boogie, disco, and house music as you dance the night away. Sliding scale donations ($10 suggested) will benefit Planned Parenthood Columbia Willamette.
8­–11 p.m. Sun, Feb 19, Mississippi Pizza Pub
Support Planned Parenthood by filling up on pizza and dancing to the music of two Portland jazz bands.
11 a.m.–4 p.m. Sun, Feb 19, Oregon State Capitol
It's rumored that protestors will march on all 50 state capitols on February 19 to support the rights of immigrants. This sparse Facebook event page has roughly 6,000 RSVPs, so maybe it's actually a thing?
12–4 p.m. Mon, Feb 20, Director Park
Spend your President's Day marching against injustice with Basic Rights Oregon, the Northwest Oregon Labor Council, Unite Oregon, and other advocacy organizations.
7 p.m. Mon, Feb 20, Artists Repertory Theatre, $25
A seriously long slate of talented local singers, including Mont Chris Hubbard, Susannah Mars, Merideth Kaye Clark, and Vin Shambry, puts on "an evening celebrating our constitutional rights through song and story," from folk songs to show tunes. All proceeds benefit the American Civil Liberties Union.
DPP discontinues private criminal charges against Govt Ministers – Former AG Nandlall files three more
Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) Shalimar Ali-Hack has discontinued the charges against Minister of Public Health, Volda Lawrence, and Minister of Social Cohesion, Dr George Norton.
Citing their authority under Article 187 (1) (c) of Guyana's Constitution, the DPP noted that the charges concern a grave issue under the criminal law in relation to two serving Ministers.
“In the interest of good governance in the State of Guyana such allegations ought first to have been reported to the Guyana Police Force for an investigation to be launched and the advice of the DPP sought.”
Last week, PPP Parliamentarians Juan Edghill and Vickram Bharrat, through former Attorney General Anil Nandlall, moved to file private criminal charges against the two ministers for “misconduct in public office contrary to the common law”.
According to court filings, Norton, in June 2016, while serving as Minister of Public Health, authorized the rental of a Sussex Street, Albouystown property for the purposes of a drug bond, from Linden Holdings Incorporated, for $12.5M per month.
Norton had come under immense public pressure. They were part of a Cabinet reshuffle that saw them being reassigned to the post of Minister of Social Cohesion. They subsequently received the additional appointment as Minister of Culture, Youth and Sport.
Lawrence, who was appointed Public Health Minister, is accused of the unapproved single-sourcing of $605.9M in drugs and medical supplies from Ansa McAl Trading Ltd. for the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC) between January and February, 2017.
The charges against the two ministers came exactly one week after identical charges were filed by the Special Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) against Dr. Ashni Singh, former Minister of Finance, and Mr. Winston Brassington, the former head of National Industrial and Commercial Investments Limited (NICIL).
Attorney General Basil Williams condemned the actions of the Opposition party.
“The Office of the D.P.P is invested with powers of quality control over all prosecutions in Guyana and has a proactive duty to patrol the corridors of justice to ensure their domain is not polluted by jaundiced interlopers.”
Under Section 187 of the constitution, the DPP shall have power in any case in which they consider it desirable so to do –– (a) to institute and undertake criminal proceedings
against any person before any court, other than a court-martial, in respect of any offence against the law of Guyana; (b) to take over and continue any such criminal proceedings that may have been instituted by any other person or authority; and (c) to discontinue at any stage before judgment is delivered any such criminal proceedings instituted or undertaken by them or any other person or authority.
However, PPP parliamentarian, Anil Nandlall appears to have taken a determined stance on the matter. Yesterday, They filed three additional private criminal charges against current Government officials for misconduct in public office.
This time private criminal charges were filed against Dr. Rupert Roopnaraine, Minister of Finance Winston Jordan and Minister of Public Infrastructure David Patterson. The charges against the trio are in relation to the Durban Jubilee Park.
According to the court filings, the Ministers are facing allegations of abusing public trust without reasonable excuse or justification, over the spending of $900M, for the works purportedly done to and a facility styled Durban Jubilee Park.
That matter has been fixed for April 30 before Chief Magistrate Ann McLennan.
Meanwhile in a statement, Nandlall criticized the actions of the DPP. They pointed out that the institution of private criminal charges has been part of Guyana's criminal jurisprudence for over a century.
It was always initiated by a private individual without the involvement of the Police and the DPP, they argued.
“There is absolutely no known legal requirement that the allegation must first be reported to the Police and the advice of the DPP sought. In fact, in many instances, it is the failure of the Guyana Police Force to act or to act professionally that led to the evolution and practice of private criminal charges.”
“The position adopted by the DPP on this occasion will retard the advancement of our criminal jurisprudence and stultify the right and freedom of the citizen to institute and prosecute a private criminal charge without the involvement of the State.
“I feel the DPP's discontinuance of the charges against the two Ministers but apparent refusal to do likewise in relation to Singh and Brassington's charges smacks of discrimination and
inequality before the law.”
Nandlall said that Article 149 of the Constitution guarantees to the citizenry protection from discrimination and equality before the law as fundamental rights and freedoms.
“I must remind that when Christopher Ram instituted private criminal charges against Former President Bharat Jagdeo, the matter was neither reported nor investigated by the Police.
“Yet the DPP did not consider it a part of ‘good governance' to discontinue those charges,” they said.
:
Dubai: Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, discussed on Monday a wide range of global financial and economic issues during their talks with Dr Jim Yong Kim, President of the World Bank Group, on the sidelines of the World Government Summit.
Shaikh Hamdan Bin Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Dubai Crown Prince, and Shaikh Maktoum Bin Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai, were also present.
Shaikh Mohammad and Kim also discussed the World Bank's assistance for poor countries through loans and grants, extended for developmental projects that serve their people, help generate job opportunities and secure decent living standard.
The World Bank president said that the topics under discussion during the WGS, particularly those dealing with health and education sectors, are important. They indicated that the World Bank, in its capacity as a key partner of the WGS, is constantly coordinating with its president regarding certain arrangements to implement health and educational projects in the region and beyond.
Kim lauded Shaikh Mohammad's dialogue on reviving civilisation in the Arab world on the first day of the WGS in which they asserted that women can play an active and positive role in development and management. They also affirmed their belief in engaging the youth.
They praised the special attention Shaikh Mohammad pays to these two social groups in the Arab world in general, and in the UAE in particular.
Present during the meeting were Mohammad Abdullah Al Gergawi, Minister of Cabinet Affairs and the Future, Obaid Humaid Al Tayer, Minister of State for Financial Affairs, Reem Ebrahim Al Hashemi, Minister of State for International Cooperation, and a number of senior officials.
Police looking for the suspect, reported by two Franklin Elementary parents
Two Santa Barbara schools were put on lockdown and a search was under way for a suspect after two Franklin Elementary School parents reported that a male juvenile walking along Neil Park Street about 3 p.m. Wednesday may have been carrying a gun.
Adelante Charter School is located on Franklin's campus at 1111 E. Mason St., and both schools were locked down, according to the Santa Barbara Unified School District.
About 425 students, staff and some parents were on campus at the time. Police searched the campus, but a suspect wasn't found.
“All teachers were questioned, and no one observed anyone on campus carrying a gun,” the district said in a news release.
Santa Barbara police Sgt. Lorenzo Duarte said another call came in that a juvenile with a gun was spotted near the Eastside Library, and officers searched the library and surrounding area.
The school was reopened about 3:40 p.m., and Duarte said police were continuing to search the area.
The suspect was described as a Hispanic juvenile male wearing a black shirt, khaki shorts, black socks and black tennis shoes.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The family of a man killed in a crash in 4S Ranch says they were a hard-working and kind man.
Israel Robles, 33, was one of six people killed in five crashes across San Diego County over a 15-hour span this week.
Robles are just getting off of work when their car crashed early Tuesday morning on Camino del Norte in 4S Ranch. Emergency crews found Robles in their car, crashed into a tree.
Their family told NBC 7, they worked the overnight shift stocking at Jerome's Furniture just around the corner from where the crash happened.
Their sister, Samaria Robles said they are in shock.
"He was a very hard-working person, a very honest man. They left too soon," they said.
Robles was the oldest of four in a very close family and their parents instilled good values from the very start, Samaria told NBC 7.
"They were always there for us. We never saw bad examples--from there, I think, that's where they got it from," they said.
They added those values were brought into their own family with their wife and four children.
Samaria said their children were their pride and joy.
"They're devastated. They were a provider for the home. They're just hurt," they said. "Something that wasn't expected,"
Robles' youngest child is just 1-years-old, they told NBC 7.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help with funeral costs. Any additional money raised will go to their children.
Uber, and other transportation companies have been trying to stay in the market by trying out new innovations.
Police in a Phoenix suburb,USA say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
READ ALSO: Uber and Ola have threatened to go on an indefinite strike
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the accident happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is “fully cooperating” with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car heads out for a test drive in San Francisco. Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Eric Risberg,File AP Photo
We write the truth, without fear or favor, to bring you the news and images from Southern Philippines | Monday, April 17, 2017
U.S. stocks closed sharply lower Friday, handing the Standard & Poor's 500 index its worst week in two years and sending the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 650 points.
Technology, banks and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide. Bond yields rose sharply after the government reported the fastest wage growth in eight years, stoking fears of inflation.
On Friday:
The S&P 500 index fell 59.85 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,762.13.
Advertisement
The Dow lost 665.75 points, or 2.5 percent, to 25,520.96.
The Nasdaq slid 144.92 points, or 2 percent, to 7,240.95.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gave up 32.59 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,547.27.
For the week:
The S&P 500 fell 110.74 points, or 3.9 percent.
The Dow lost 1,095.75 points, or 4.1 percent.
The Nasdaq slid 264.83 points, or 3.5 percent.
The Russell 2000 shed 60.79 points, or 3.9 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 88.52 points, or 3.3 percent.
The Dow is up 801.74 points, 3.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 337.56 points, or 4.9 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 11.76 points, or 0.8 percent.
Factors which are propelling the growth of market such as rise in adaptation of minimal invasive & non-invasive processes, increase in awareness about cosmetic procedures & rise in demand for the treatment of aesthetic among male patients, growing brand consciousness on cosmetic and beauty products increasing aging population pool, and availability of aesthetic devices which are user-friendly. However, cost of the treatment is being very high, low reimbursements and malfunctions risk concerned with implants, strict regulations on the aesthetics procedures, survival rate is low because of high potency of competitors in the market are the few factors that are hindering growth of medical aesthetics market.
A sample of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-aesthetics-market/#ulp-4H8Z4LpNMLEuOnnx
The global medical aesthetics market is segmented on the basis of product, application, end-user, and geographical
On the basis of product, global medical aesthetics market is segmented as
Aesthetic Lasers
Non-ablative Lasers
Ablative Lasers
Body Contouring and Skin Tightening Devices
Liposuction Devices
Skin Tightening Devices
Cellulite Reduction devices
Aesthetic Implants
Dental Implants
Root Form Dental Implants
Plate Form Dental Implants
Breast Implants
Saline Filled
Silicone Gel Filled
Facial Implants
Other Implants
On the basis of application, global medical aesthetics market is segmented as
Surgical
Face & Head
Breast
Body & Extremities
Non-surgical
On the basis of end-user, global medical aesthetics market is segmented as
Hospitals
Dermatology Centres
Clinics and Medical spas
Beauty Centres
Others
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-aesthetics-market/#ulp-c654SbFYO64MsOhu
The most general use of the aesthetic lasers are to treat skin and hair that includes rejuvenation of skin, tattoo removal and eliminate pigmented lesions. Due to the non-invasive features of the medical aesthetics, they procured high preference over the other devices among patients. Facial aesthetics are anticipated to report for the major share in medical aesthetics market due to the rising demand for facial the aesthetics and growing trends of non-invasive surgeries. Energy devices are anticipated to be as speedy growing segment of the market. Aesthetic practitioners have many choices of advanced instrumentations like flexible and soft needles, cannulas with blunt-tip and pen injectors for minimal invasive process.
Need more information about this report @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-aesthetics-market/#ulp-14mlyhjMGhVjZqa3
On the basis of geographical regions, Medical Aesthetics Market is segmented as Asia-Pacific, North America Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is the dominating market in global market of medical aesthetic devices, Especially the U.S. which is accounting for high share in the total market share due to the high susceptibility of people towards beauty consciousness and also presence of large pool of aesthetic surgeons and companies. Latin America and Asia-Pacific also showing significant growth rate due to increase in medical tourism, growing middle class pool of population with rising disposable income, and increasing awareness regarding aesthetic specialties
Get access to full summary @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-medical-aesthetics-market/
Some of the major players operating in the global medical aesthetics market are Solta Medical Inc. (U.S.), Allergan plc (Ireland), Syneron Medical Ltd.( U.S.), Lumenis Ltd. (Israel), Cynosure Inc. (U.S.), Johnson & Johnson Services Inc., (U.S.), Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co. Ltd.) (China), Merz Pharma GmbH & Co. KGaA (Germany), Sientra Inc. (U.S.), Zimmer Inc., (U.S.), and GC Aesthetics plc (Ireland)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Pointe Claire, Quebec ( Webnewswire ) June 13, 2017 – Convergia, a Montreal, Canada, US and international service provider and technology integrator, has scheduled the first of its new Lunch & Learn series, to take place on Thursday, June 15th in Montreal.
The Lunch & Learn event on June 15th will focus on Convergia's new Channel Partner Program, covering the company's product offering and main differentiators.
“As a well-known international telecommunications provider, we are focused on cost effective solutions that enable our partners' end users to be more efficient and productive in today's fast paced technological race,” said Vincent Bonanno, National Sales Manager for Convergia. “We have worked hard to create this program, in order to further build and strengthen our business relationships with customers and supplier partners in various industries.”
To reserve a seat for the Lunch & Learn event on June 15th, simply send an email to corporatesales@convergia.net. All attendees will be entered into a drawing for a chance to win a Garmin Vivoactive GPS Smartwatch.
You can visit Convergia.ca to get more information about the Lunch & Learn series, Internet, Hosted PBX, Data and Networking, Voice and Mobility, Cloud Services, hardware including IP PBX business phone systems, structured cabling, networking hardware, video conferencing units, servers, laptops, tablets, desktops and accessories, as well as the company's extensive portfolio of other home and business phone services.
About Convergia
Convergia is an international service provider and technology integrator, offering Internet, Data, Networking, Cloud Services, Voice, Mobility, Hardware, Value Added Services & Professional Solutions for business and wholesale customers. Founded in 1998, Convergia is a Montreal-based corporation, part of a seven billion dollar group of companies with over 6,000 employees located in over 50 countries, with a cutting edge fiber optic network spanning over 50 countries across 4 continents and connecting more than 150 points of presence. Convergia has developed into one of the largest privately held global end-to-end telecom networks in the world, delighting customers by providing the highest quality services at the best value.
For further information, please contact:
Customer Care
http://www.convergia.ca/
Tel.: 1-855-731-3003
E-mail: customer.care@convergia.net
###
CEDAR CITY, Utah – The Southern Utah University Athletic Department has started a Week of Giving, following up on the Day of Giving the department had last year.
In an effort to provide scholarships and support for the 17 athletic programs at Southern Utah, last year's Day of Giving brought in $20,000. That money went directly to supporting the 370 student-athletes on campus in Cedar City.
Running from December 11-15, the Week of Giving will attempt to do the same thing but on a bigger scale. Money donated during that time will go towards facility upgrades, new equipment in the George S. Eccles Sports Performance Center and enhanced travel for the multiple Thunderbird athletic programs.
On top of all that, T-Bird supporters Jean and Joe Lopour have offered to match all donations made during the week up to $100,000, meaning if someone donates $20, the Lopour's will match it, and they will continue to do just that up to $100,000.
Donate to the Week of Giving by visiting www.suu.edu/gift/athletics, over the phone by calling (435) 865-8657, by mailing a check to the Thunderbird Athletic Foundation (ATTN: Sophie Collet) or in person at the America First Event Center Ticket Office during the hours of 9 a.m. and 4 p.m.
LONDON - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned US President Donald Trump on Tuesday to remain in the nuclear deal Tehran signed with world powers in 2015, or face "severe consequences".
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments, the Iranian government will react firmly," Rouhani said in a speech broadcast live on state television.
"If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences," they added.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
OSOYOOS, BC - There are those times in life. You know them, THOSE times. All you need is a little escape from reality. Whether your work is keeping your nose to the grindstone, flooding is getting you down, or your life needs a wee pick-me-up in general, there is someplace you can go. The volunteers of Wine Country Racing Association (WCRA) are getting Richter Pass Motorplex geared-up, out-fitted and ready to host the second race of the 2018 drag racing season in the South Okanagan Valley.
The speed junkies from near and far will gather at the Osoyoos, BC airport on Sunday, June 3 to show off their hot cars. Let's see what a little friendly competition can do to your average, everyday housewife or your neighbourhood mechanic when race day rolls around. Centered around good fun and great times, the drag racers are sure to put on a show to please the crowd all day long.
Spectators can enjoy the scrumptious eats at the concession stand while watching side by side 1/8 mile drag racing from 11 a.m. with elimination rounds starting at 1 p.m.
Gates open at 9 a.m., but not only for spectators. If you've ever wondered what it's like… If you've thought your car is fast… If you want to have some drag racing fun in the desert you are welcome to come race. New racers are encouraged to come early to register, pass their car through technical inspection and have a chance to chat and get to know the place.
Get June started off on the right foot, with the right foot pressing the accelerator straight down, hard to the metal. Ten bucks get you through the front gate. Remember, youngsters 12 and under are free, with an adult.
There are four 4 chances to feel the rumble with WCRA in 2018: June 3, June 17 Sept. 23 and Oct. 7.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (AP) — Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois.
The Rock Island County Sheriff's Office says the branch fell from a large oak tree outside the county courthouse in Rock Island around 9:40 p.m. Tuesday.
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell about 25 feet (8 meters) and crushed some of the spectators. Some of those who weren't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath.
Authorities said 61-year-old Daniel Mendoza Sr. of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Seventy-two-year-old Lawrence Anderson of Moline died at a hospital.
Advertisement
Authorities have not provided the causes of death.
Five other people were injured.
Dubai: Initial data on Abu Dhabi hotels released by STR on Monday highlighted that increases in supply had outstripped demand by 1.5 per cent, whilst room occupancy was down -1.4 per cent to 74.2 per cent.
The findings from STR, a data analytics service headquartered in London, England, are based on daily data from January, presenting year over year comparisons on rates and occupancy.
The preliminary data indicates sharp rate declines, including a drop of -10 per cent in the city's average daily rate (ADR) to Dh 465.80.
In addition to the fall in ADR, the revenue per available room (RevPAR) slipped by -11.2 per cent to Dh 345.68.
STR analysts note in the statement that Abu Dhabi's ADR levels were once again pressured by supply growth in the market. However, the market's hotels did record a significant uptick in RevPAR (+23.6%) on the last day of the month, mainly due to the Global Space Congress (January 31-February 1).
The situation is largely the same in Dubai, with a number of new hotels in 2016 coupled with slower demand pushing hotels' profits down 6.8 per cent year-on-year.
In the first half of last year, the profit per room of hotels in Dubai suffered under the pressure of this additional supply, falling by 13.2 per cent. This was primarily due to a declining RevPAR, which dropped by 11.3 per cent.
President-elect Donald Trump has repeatedly questioned whether critical computer networks can ever be protected from intruders, alarming cybersecurity experts who say their comments could upend more than a decade of national cybersecurity policy and put both government and private data at risk.
Asked late Saturday about Russian hacking allegations and their cybersecurity plans, Trump told reporters that "no computer is safe" and that, for intelligence officials, "hacking is a very hard thing to prove."
"You want something to really go without detection, write it out and have it sent by courier," they said as they entered a New Year's Eve party at Mar-a-Lago, their Florida resort.
"I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly," Trump said earlier last week.
They tweet prolifically but says they rarely use any other communications technology more advanced than the telephone.
"The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what's going on. We have speed, we have a lot of other things, but I'm not sure you have the kind of security that you need."
Since President George W. Bush moved to develop a comprehensive national cybersecurity policy after the attacks of September 11, 2001, the federal government has made a top priority of preserving the integrity of the public- and private-sector computer networks that enable modern commerce and society.
Trump delivered a campaign address in October that deemed cybersecurity "a major priority for both the government and the private sector" and said that cyberattacks from both state and non-state actors "constitute one of our most critical national security concerns."
Continued below.
Related Content Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Big Read: Kiwis are falling for basic attacks - and it's costing millions US close to announcing measures to punish Russia for election interference
But the U.S. intelligence community's determination that Russia engaged in a state-sponsored hacking effort aimed at electing Trump has prompted the president-elect to openly question the reliability of that assessment while simultaneously taking aim at the broader notion of cybersecurity.
Experts said Sunday that Trump's comments and their handling of the Russian hacking allegations could embolden foreign hackers and undermine the U.S. government's ability to respond to them.
Michael Sulmeyer, a former Defense Department policy adviser who directs the cybersecurity project for the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, referred to one of Trump's earliest efforts - during a presidential debate in September - to cast doubt on allegations of Russian interference on their behalf.
"This is not some issue about a 400-pound hacker in a bedroom who might be mischievous," Sulmeyer said.
"These are real threats to our country, and the concerning part for me is to see how this issue has become politicized and made partisan."
Although some Republicans have pushed for a sharper response to the Russian hacking - notably Senators John McCain and Lindsey O. Graham - many others have joined Trump in playing down the intense coverage and debate.
"Russia spying on the U.S. is not news," said Devin Nunes, the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee and a top Trump ally.
"It's what they do. A lot is being made about something that's already known. To all the people acting shocked, it's as if they're shocked there is gambling going on in a casino."
Transition spokesperson Sean Spicer, slated to become White House communications director upon Trump's inauguration, said Sunday that intelligence officials will brief Trump this week on the election-related hacking.
They suggested on ABC's "This Week" that the retaliatory sanctions President Barack Obama imposed against Russia last week - which included the expulsion of 35 suspected intelligence agents - may not have been justified.
"The question is, is that response in proportion to the actions taken?" Spicer said. "Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't, but you have to think about that."
Spicer compared the Obama administration's sharp response to the recent Russian hacking with its reaction to last year's revelation that hackers linked to the Chinese government stole the personal data of millions of federal employees.
"Not one thing happened," they said. "So there is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response."
Adam B. Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, drew a sharp distinction between the two cases and called on Trump "to stop denigrating the intelligence community."
"They didn't just steal data; they weaponized it," they said of Russia, also on the ABC program.
"They dumped it during an election with the specific intent of influencing the outcomes of that election and sowing discord in the United States. That is not something China has ever done."
Ari Schwartz, who served as the top cybersecurity adviser on the National Security Council in 2015, said in an interview that Spicer misjudged the Obama administration's response to the employee data hack.
Private talks with the Chinese government, they said, resulted in a demonstrable decline in state-sponsored hacking.
"We came up with ways of dealing with them and working with them," Schwartz said. "It proves that the sanctions work. Even the threat of the sanctions have changed Chinese behavior."
Trump's recent comments, Schwartz said, point to a possible recalibration of cybersecurity policy - one that could shift the careful balance of innovation and security embraced by both Bush and Obama.
"We're not going back to the world of couriers and letter-writing; we're going to continue to do things online," they said.
"There are ways to do it where you can manage risk, and that's really what the goal should be here - to get to the point where we can have the efficiencies and the benefits and still be secure."
What remains unclear is to what degree Trump's views on cybersecurity will remain filtered through the prism of the Russian hacking affair.
In their October campaign speech, they pledged to undertake a comprehensive review of national cybersecurity systems, create law enforcement task forces to combat cybercriminals and strengthen the military's Cyber Command.
In a sign that they plan to follow through on those plans, last week they chose Thomas P. Bossert, a Bush administration official who played a central role in cybersecurity planning, as their top White House assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism.
On the Russian hacking, Trump said Saturday that they know "things that other people don't know, and so they cannot be sure of the situation."
Asked what they were referring to, they said, "You'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday" - an apparent reference to their upcoming intelligence briefings.
As long as Trump openly doubts the intelligence community's ability to accurately assign responsibility for cyberattacks, they could find it difficult to identify, fend off and retaliate against cyberattackers.
They have publicly compared the intelligence community's Russian hacking assessment to its erroneous determination that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was stockpiling weapons of mass destruction - a comparison Spicer repeated Sunday.
Said Sulmeyer: "If they don't want to make a full-fledged apology or correction about Russian hacking, okay, but at some point, they're going to have to come out and explain their understanding of the threat and what they want to do about it."
"If we see that soon, I think that's a good sign. If that slips, I think that will be an indicator that they are not prioritizing it and they are leaving the American people at greater risk."
- Washington Post
It has taken almost 13 years but former President Olusegun Obansanjo has now apologised to human rights activist, Dr. Joel Odumakin for the man-handling they suffered from security operatives back in May 2004. The duo were special guests at an event in Abeokuta, Ogun State when the apology went down. An excited Joel Odumakin took to Instagram to share the news and wrote: ‘I apologise on
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," they said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard. McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, their seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making their debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top. They took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded they were eager to get back the No. 1 ranking they held for 15 months. This is their first tournament since they lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory.
McIlroy understood what they meant, having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then they broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, they still are 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," they said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
By Doug Ferguson, The Associated Press
AP FACT CHECK: Pope isn't seeking Islam, Christianity merger
hello
Pope Francis celebrates a new year's Mass in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
A widely shared story that claimed Pope Francis called for merging Islam and Christianity is false.
The story quotes Francis as telling a Vatican audience: "Jesus Christ, Mohammed, Jehovah, Allah. These are all names employed to describe an entity that is distinctly the same across the world. For centuries, blood has been needlessly shed because of the desire to segregate our faiths."
Another quote it attributes to Francis: "We can accomplish miraculous things in the world by merging our faiths, and the time for such a movement is now."
Vatican spokesperson Greg Burke tells The Associated Press the quotes are "invented."
An internet search reveals the fake quotes and various incarnations of the story have been shared by numerous websites since at least 2015.
SWEETWATER COUNTY — The Sweetwater Events Complex Board recently heard from ten local groups requesting winter dates in the Indoor Arena at their monthly meeting on September 26, 2017. The ten groups requesting dates came to speak to the Board because the Indoor Arena schedule is out of available rental dates due to increasing demand.
The Indoor Arena is home to many different events such as Rock Springs Motocross Arenacross, Team Roping, Team Sorting, barrel races, 4-H events and clinics, Southwest Wyoming BMX Races, Wild West Gymkhana, R & R Rodeo and more.
Over the past few years, The Sweetwater Events Complex has been able to work with all the local groups to schedule the events, but this year proved more difficult because there was interest from additional groups along with requests of additional rentals from existing groups. Kandi Pendleton, Sweetwater Events Complex Marketing & Event Manager, explained, “Often times these groups work together and share the Indoor Arena over the weekends which helps with scheduling. This year has been harder because there is more interest from our regular groups to rent the arena as well as new events wanting to rent the facility. We will work with each group to try to meet the demand as best as we can but there's certainly going to have to be some compromises.”
The focus of the Sweetwater Events Complex staff and board is to continue to book diverse events that bring participants from local and regional areas. Being able to use the arena for equine groups as well as motocross and BMX is important to our community. During the Board meeting, groups like Team Sorting, Team Roping, and the Spring Series Barrel Racing had requested additional dates and moving dates from a Friday-Saturday event to a Saturday-Sunday event to increase participation both locally and regionally. One of the new event requests came from Shelly McAdams a barrel racing promoter from Sublette County. Initially they requested dates for November through March but withdrew their request after seeing the demand for dates.
Since the meeting, Sweetwater Events Complex staff have been working with the groups to finalize a schedule for the Winter Arena Rentals. Pendleton said, “We have managed to come up with a schedule, but each year it is getting harder and harder due to the increasing demand. We just don't have enough room, we wish we did, but unfortunately we have to work with what we have.”
The Sweetwater Events Complex is Wyoming's Premier Event Center and hosts more than 840 events each year. For a complete list of all the events at the Sweetwater Events Complex visit www.SweetwaterEvents.com.
Winter Indoor Arena Schedule
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Hundreds of MDC-T supporters bused from several districts in the Midlands province to attend a rally in Mkoba at the weekend were left stranded after they could not get transport back home.
Some of the stranded members later besieged Member of Parliament for Mkoba, Mr Amos Chibaya's house to protest over the development.
Mr Chibaya who is also the party's deputy national organiser later arranged transport for some members who stay on the outskirts of Gweru.
Party members from areas like Mberengwa and Gokwe were reportedly forced to sleep in the open and only found their own way back home yesterday.
“It was bad on the part of the organising department from my district in Chiwundura. We were promised transport to and from the rally but soon after the rally that ended around 5 pm on Sunday, the Lorry that had brought us from our village was nowhere to be found.
“We had to walk to the deputy national organiser's home to protest and thus when transport was later availed. We got to our destination during the wee hours of today (yesterday),” said one of the angry MDC-T supporters from Chiwundura district.
Party insiders said some of the supporters slept in the open after they failed to get transport back home.
“We had people from Gokwe who slept at the venue and transport was only organised for them today. I think this reflects badly on us and such blunders should be avoided in future rallies,” said the source. — Herald
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then they may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that Flynn misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that they did not discuss the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." They reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call, which exists, between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or their representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. They did so without the permission of President Adams, though, they were a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on their effort. They succeeded, but when they got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. Attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. west, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try and shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance they were successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the Bush administration. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mid-East peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria again raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the Aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," they told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position as regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
Had Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in their phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions' Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Tuesday said it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. And the New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about their conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn their job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose them to a felony charge."
After the Indian side successfully demolished England in the first Twenty-20 International, ace spinner Kuldeep Yadav said the accurate execution of their plan helped them bag five wickets in Manchester.
“The pitch did not have much turn. I, personally, did not want to give pace to the English batsmen as it would have made batting easy for them. I executed my plan very well,” they said at a post-match presser.
Kuldeep, who dismissed Eoin Morgan, Jonny Bairstow and Joie Root in the same over on their way to their first five-wicket haul in T20Is said that the variation in pace that they deployed was key in deceiving the English batsmen.
“The ball wasn't turning much, (Yuzvinder) Chahal, who bowled before me, also confirmed the same, so I focused on varying my pace, and the flight of my deliveries. This was the key and it helped me in getting the wickets. I don't think about the batsmen while bowling, I focus on what I can do,” they said.
“Sometimes, however, you need to consider the batsman. When I was bowling to Jos Buttler, because I know them well, have bowled a lot to them in the IPL, I knew that they wouldn't take risks against me and would only take singles, which I was happy to give,” Yadav added.
Meanwhile, England skipper Eoin Morgan said that their side couldn't manage enough runs on the board as they were deceived by the left-arm spinner.
“We fell short of 30-40 runs in the end after a brilliant start, Kuldeep bowled well and between now and the next game, we need to assess our plans, make sure they're the right ones and stick to it. They took three wickets in four deliveries, they deceived us. We can play them better and we need to come up with a better plan,” they added.
Kuldeep Yadav and K. L. Rahul were the star performers for the men in blue, with the former claiming their first five-wicket haul in the format, and the latter registering their second T-20I ton, helping India kick-start their two-month tour of England with a resounding eight-wicket win at Old Trafford in the first of the three Twenty-20 Internationals.
The second match of the T-20 series will be played in Cardiff on July 6.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has assured Nigerians that its sensitive and non-sensitive materials, processes and procedures were secured, as the country prepares for 2019 general elections.
INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu gave the assurance on Wednesday in Abuja at the commission's quarterly consultative meeting with Chairmen and other officials of registered political parties
Yakubu assured that the commission had introduced new innovation through the use of technology and electoral process, has gone ”far ahead mischief makers”.
They said that the commission was aware that as Nigeria approaches the 2019 general elections, there would be a lot of interest in INEC activities for virtuous and malicious reasons.
INEC's assurance is coming barely three days after an image of a blank Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) was advertised by an offshore Company for purchase in the open market.
Yakubu said that within a few hours, INEC contacted the online platform responsible for the advert which promptly removed it.
“We suspect that many dubious enterprises will keep trying openly and in the dark web.
“We have anticipated these challenges and we are far ahead of the mischief makers.
“Our security source codes are not only robust but continuously enhanced. We wish to reassure Nigerians that our sensitive and non-sensitive materials, processes and procedures are secure.''
Yakubu also assured that the commission's electoral process had gone beyond what could be manipulated by anybody including officers of the commission.
They urged Nigerians to stop seeing INEC as a political party or its officials as rival candidates.
“We are not a political party. We have no candidate in any election. We shall continue to maintain our integrity as election managers.
“ I wish to assure you that our electoral processes have gone beyond the capacity of our own officials to manipulate. The procedures are robust.''
The INEC chairperson said the claim that the PVCs were cloned and Smart Card Readers pre-loaded before election was “simply ludicrous.''
They said that the card readers were only configured to specific polling units 72 hours or less before an election.
“Card reader is usually set to operate only on election day from 8am and is manually shut down for accreditation after the last person on the queue has voted or automatically by 8pm.
“In Ekiti State, where we are deploying the enhanced Smart Card Readers, this process has not even commenced.
“It is impossible to pre-load the Card Readers, let alone do so with cloned PVCs.
“In any case, electoral officials at polling units on election day cross-check the voter's name on the Register of Voters which includes the voter's photograph.
“The voter must be personally present in order to vote. It cannot be done by proxy or prior to election day.
“Is the Voters' Register, already given to each of the 35 political parties fielding candidates in the Ekiti Governorship election, also cloned?
“Is the bearer of the cloned card also going to have a cloned face to match the original photograph on the register printed from our database?''
They appealed to Nigerians to discountenance the unimaginative theory which is similar to the allegation of “scientific rigging” before a previous stand-alone Governorship election.
Yakubu also said denied the accusation that excess result sheets were being printed in order to alter results during collation.
They said that with lessons learnt from every election and the reports, the commission had been introducing new innovations to further protect the integrity of the processes.
They said that after each election the commission had consistently issued copies of the result sheets to agents of political parties, while copy of the result was also being displayed at each polling unit.
“Having found this a useful way of enhancing citizens' mandate protection we now introduce the EC60E which is a large poster reflecting the result in each polling unit as recorded on the EC8A shared with agents of political parties.
“The poster is pasted at each polling unit immediately after the counting of ballot papers.
“Consequently, citizens now know the outcome of voting in each polling unit and can track the processes of collation leading to the final declaration of results.
“These posters were effectively deployed in all elections since the Anambra State Governorship election in November 2017. We shall deploy them in all forthcoming elections.''
On Ekiti governorship election Scheduled for July 14, Yakubu said that INEC had successfully implemented 12 out of the 14 activities outlined in the timetable and schedule of activities for the election released in October 2017.
They said that only outstanding activities were last day of campaign and election day scheduled for July 12 and 14 respectively.
“We shall continue to implement all activities on schedule according to our timetable.''
Yakubu also disclosed that INEC had concluded work on the annual audit of the accounts of political parties for 2013, 2014 and 2015.
They listed the areas of focus to include internal audit, internal control procedures, preparation of annual budgets and the maintenance of relevant books of account, fixed asset and membership register.
“At this meeting, we shall share the findings of the external auditors with you.''
Yakubu also disclosed that as at July 3, INEC was processing 136 application from associations seeking registration as political parties.
They said that out of the figure, 74 have failed the initial assessment of the suitability of their names and logos while 62 had passed the initial assessment.
“Nine associations have undergone verification of their offices and proposed leadership while 16 are either awaiting verification or yet to supply supporting documents.
“We shall continue to operate within the ambit of the law in the registration of political parties.
Yakubu also speaking on the Continuous Voter Registration said as at June 22, the commission had 9,922,619 fresh registration, 576,346 collected PVCs, 489,354 requests for transfer and 766,435 requests for replacement of PVCs.(NAN)
A long-term funding plan for the NHS would be welcome, but will not be enough to keep us healthy. Instead, the sort of local services which councils provide are key – and funding must be provided for them
1. Goleta Officials, New Owners of Bacara Resort & Spa Ready to Begin ‘New Chapter'
Unless you're a surfer, the site of Bacara Resort & Spa, 8301 Hollister Ave., is probably better known for its spectacular sunsets than its sunrises. But there's a new dawn in far western Goleta these days, thanks to the arrival of Ohana Real Estate Investors, the hotel's new owners.
Our Sonia Fernandez reported Sept. 19 that Ohana and its partner, Rockpoint Group, are moving quickly to thaw community relations that have been as icy as the winter ocean off Haskell's Beach, in large part a result of, shall we say, the distinctively New York flair of the previous owner. For their part, Goleta officials are optimistic that a good neighbor has moved in next door. That can only be a good thing, considering that the 78-acre resort is one of the city's largest employers and its biggest source of bed taxes.
2. Cox Communications Rolls Out Mobile Phone Service in Santa Barbara
According to business reporter Alex Kacik, Santa Barbara County's South Coast has a new mobile phone service provider: Cox Communications, heretofore known for its cable and Internet services. According to Cox officials, the company is introducing a number of other features, services and pricing bundles as part of its new deal. Let us know how it works out.
3. Deadmau5 Bringing Meowingtons Hax Tour to Santa Barbara Bowl
Electronic music producer and performer Deadmau5 is bringing their Meowingtons Hax tour to the Santa Barbara Bowl on Oct. 27. Based on the story traffic, you'd better get your tickets early. They go on sale at 11 a.m. Saturday.
4. Dos Pueblos High Struggles with Overcrowding as State Budget Cuts Take Toll on Schools
Haley Peterson, features editor at The Charger Account, Dos Pueblos High School's student news Web site and Noozhawk's partner, took a closer look at the state funding crisis that is bedeviling school administrators throughout California. On the Dos Pueblos campus, larger class sizes are forcing a scramble for textbooks, scheduling challenges and reduced one-on-one time with teachers.
Haley also joined Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper at the Sept. 20 Goleta City Council meeting, where the dynamic duo combined to cover the council's unanimous rejection of Bishop Ranch's request for a General Plan initiation that could have led to a public-planning process for possible development.
5. Bishop Ranch Decision Expected at Tuesday's Goleta City Council Meeting
Lara Cooper advanced the Goleta council's Bishop Ranch deliberations with a Sept. 19 story that outlined what the council would be considering during the meeting the next evening. A day earlier, former City Councilman Eric Onnen weighed in with a commentary arguing in favor of initiation, asserting that by keeping the development decision within Goleta's planning process, the city would have more control over its outcome. The story got a lot of reads but, ultimately, apparently wasn't persuasive.
Meanwhile, I would be remiss if I didn't publicly thank my friends, George Federman and Mike Eliason, for inviting me to speak this week to their SBCC e-commerce and photojournalism classes, respectively. I've had the honor of guest speaking in both classes several times now and it's always exciting for me. George's class is particularly inspirational because I actually can see the wheels turning in a lot of their students' heads. I get the unmistakable feeling that they're generally interested not just in what I have to say but how they can use what I'm saying as entrepreneurs. I'm not sure my own kids do that.
And as a former colleague of Mike's, and a big fan of their photography skills and strategy, I'm so impressed at what a great teacher he's become. He's as gifted as an instructor as they are as a shooter, and I know the late Bob Ponce would be proud. Santa Maria Times assistant managing editor Len Wood, Mike's old boss and yet another former colleague of mine, was also speaking to Mike's class that evening and will back me up.
The Week Ahead
On Monday and Tuesday, Noozhawk will resume Prescription for Abuse with Week Three of the series. Our reporters will be explaining how the prescription system works — or is supposed to — and delving into drug use by adolescents, college students and senior citizens.
The Prescription for Abuse project is the result of a partnership between Noozhawk and USC's Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism, with a big assist from the Noozhawk-sponsored Santa Barbara Teen News Network. The project is sponsored by the Santa Barbara Foundation, the Mosher Foundation, Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals, Zona Seca and KEYT.
On Tuesday, we'll be welcoming a new Noozhawk to the nest: Terry Baxter, who will be joining Melinda Johansson and Chris Donahue on our sales team. Terry will be spearheading a new campaign that we're about to launch and, having worked with them quite a lot over the years as a publicist and a client, we're looking forward to having them in the office with us. You can reach Terry at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.574.0973.
Noozhawk needs and welcomes your support. Just as you might subscribe — or formerly subscribed — to a favorite newspaper to keep up with your community news, please consider becoming a voluntary paying subscriber to Noozhawk, for as little as $5 a month, or becoming a member of our Hawks Club.
Click here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) to set up recurring credit-card transactions through our PCI-compliant payment gateway. Personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Fidelity Bank Plc has rewarded some of its customers across the country with N13 million and consolation prizes in the 5th monthly draw of the ‘Get Alert in Millions' reloaded promo.
The customers, who emerged winners in the draw, were from the six geo-political zones such as South East, South South, South West, Abuja, North and Lagos region.
Two customers from each region won N1 million each except Lagos where one customer won N2 million and another customer won N1 million making a total of N3 million in that region.
Furthermore, 18 consolation prizes comprising six refrigerators, six generators and six television sets were given to customer from each region.
Speaking at the event, which was held at the Lagos Island Branch of the bank, Managing Director/Chief Executive, Fidelity Bank, Mr. Nnamdi Okonkwo, said bank has so far given out a total of N81 million cash prizes to 153 winners and numerous consolation prizes.
Represented by the Divisional Head, Retail Banking, Mr. Richard Madiebo, they said: “More people will win in the coming draws. We have the star prize of N10 million that will sum up the promo. The most important thing for us is to reward our customers”.
Oknonkwo explained that the 5th monthly draw was 7th in the series of the promo which the bank introduced 10 years ago.
Among the winners in N1 million categories are Chukwuemeka Umeji from Iweka road, Onitsha branch, Marry Okonkwo fromm Obosi branch in Anambra State, Andrew Chuar from Rivers State University of Science and Technology, Sani Sule from NPA Warri branch, Onijanu Segun Oladele from Ilorin branch,and Ago Dinebari Victor from Akure.
Others include Suliyat Olajumoke Shitu, a business person from Gwagwalada branch, Henry Ekene Udeh from Mararaba branch, Fridnant Emmanuel from Yola branch, Sunday Aja Sule from Kaduna refinery branch and Damilare Emmanuel, a software engineer from Saka Tinubu. Okechi Isreal Nwaobilor smiled home with N2 million.
Troy High School
TROY — The following Troy High School students have earned a grade average between 3.5 and 3.74 for the first semester and have been named to the honor roll.
Freshman — Tag Bender, Kendall Brown, Kaitlin Buechter, Madison Burton, Kathryn Cade, Mitchell Clark, Jacob Cox, Megan Davey, Alison Davis, Owen Davis, Adam Decerbo, Ryan Demmitt, Caleb Fogarty, Luis E Fuentes, Kelsee Ganger, Dinah Gigandet, Donyana Godin, Jonathan Hipolito, Hailey Honeycutt, Brennah Hutchinson, Andrew Iverson, Austin Johnson, Kristofer Kellems, Karlee Khatibloo, Noelle LaCombe, Caden Lombardo, Joshua Lovitt, Jessica Loy, Logan Maginnis, Cody Marshall, Gracie Morlan, Morgan Naranjo, Braxton Oliver, Sarup Patel, Destany Rees, Grant Rehmert, Ainsley Savard, Connor Sexton, Kaden Strayer, Gavin Swartz, Jenna Ulrich, Margaret Wannemacher, Ellie Weaver, Elizabeth Wenrick, Hallie Westmeyer, Parker Williams, Katelyn Wing.
Sophomores — Tala Barnes, Connor Bell, Adrianna Burghardt, Clayton Captain, Aaron Carmack, Megan Coate, Chloe Coleman, Nevaeh Collier, Carl Crabtree, Samantha Francis, Jacob Gray, Sierra Gross, Taylor Henn, Frida Hoening, Caitlyn Hutson, Christian Jones, Erica Keenan, Mackenzie Kelley, Makayla Kindell, Jordan Klemt, Hallie Klosterman, Joshua Kraus, Ryan Lobdell, Mari Logan, Nolan Lutz, Lily Magoteaux, Emily Maloney, Gage McCann, Travis McDevitt, Erina McGuire, Mackenzie Nosker, Mitchell Olberding, Tyler Owens, Shaelyn Pelfrey, Blaine Peltier, Jillian Peltier, Meredith Post, Lydia Ryan, Lauren Schmitz, Weston Smith, Emily Stoeckmann, Colby Stoltz, Aries Targett, Mallary Travis, Mariana Trimble, Colleen Watkins, Taylor Zimmerman.
Juniors — Azalia Ali, Blair Carroll, Anya Coleman, April Dulceak, Katherine Dunne, Zachariah Erwin, Emilie Farrier, Trevor Griffieth, Ariella Hardin, Grace Hartman, Allison Hemmelgarn, Brandon Hicks, Samuel Iverson, Garrett Jones, Skylar Kline, Ryan Mason, David McGraw, Mackenzie Morgan, Abigail Otten, Madison Reed, Tassis Santos, Julia Sentman, Hannah Setser, Margaret Snurr, Hailey Taylor, Dominic Wenrick.
Seniors — Savannah Brewer, Kylee Brooks, Emily Clark, Brandon Emery, Shane Essick, Lauren Fiessinger, Mikaela Griffieth, Brooklyn Grove, Dakota Hamman, Tristin Heiligenberg, Brooke Klopfenstein, Kyra Leckrone, Isaac Lovitt, Andrew Magoteaux, Haylea Mattan, Stephen Riley Moore, Tomoaki Nakayama, Victoria Noon, Zachary Reichelderfer, Christopher Robbins, Cameron Schluter, Olyvia Slebo, Alexus Smith, Ashley Smith, Cynthia Stanley, Kaitlin Stoeckmann, Jenna Stone, Madison Stookey, Deven Sturgeon, Derek Szklany, Benjamin Walkup, Olivia Westfall, Joshua Witters.
The following Troy High School students have earned a grade average of 3.75 or better for the first semester and have been named to the principal's list.
Freshmen — Brandon Allen, Ashley Andrews, Rebekkah Asher, Oscar Avila, Grace Bair, Sophia Berry, Matthew Bess, Jessica Blount, Haylee Bridge, Bailey Brogan, Morgan Brown, Alexis Carroll, Morgan Carroll, Avalynn Chaney, Ella Curcio, Ryan Dowling, Aidan England, Owen Evilsizor, Madison Fisher, Jordyn Frees, Kayly Gagel, Noah George, Victoria Glover, Faith Hall, Lucas Henderson, Kolton Hines, Angela Hinojosa, Aaron Johnson, Griffin Johnson, Nathaniel Kaiser, Rebekah Katwyk, Samuel Kazmaier, Sarah Kinder, Shae Kline, Grant Klopfenstein, Skylar Mader, Hannah Markeson, James Marshall, Claire Matthews, Hailey Merrell, Elijah Monnin, Kelsey Munday, Leilenie Pena, Keai Perdue, Cassidy Poland, Amber Poore, Zachary Prouty, Leann Quinlan, Lucille Reed, Katelyn Reese, Ethan Rekow, Cady Rhea, Abigail Robbins, Jasmine Romick, Sadie Schaeffer, Camille Scribner, Lisa Senter, Baylee Shepherd, Rachel Shigley, Atlantis Smith, Conner Smith, Taryn Smith, Alayna Stoudt, Taylor Tong, Caroline Turnbull, Emily Wenrick, Julianna Williams, Riley Williams, Sumedha Wundavalli.
Sophomores — Allison Barnthouse, Brandon Beasley, Riley Becker, Laura Borchers, Audrey Brumfield, Autumn Bruns, Ellen Cain, William Clark, Riley Coleman, Sean Dippold, Ella Furlong, MariCait Gillespie, Anthony Gonzalez, Jackson Goodall, Ashlee Harmon, Lily Hemm, Aaron Heuker, Riley Hubbard, Emily Huber, Jaiden Hunt, Alayna Jones, Hailey Kinstle, Chloe Klawon, Nathan Kleptz, Caleigh Lavelle, Christopher Law, Kaitlyn Lord, Angelica Manzano, Adara Myers, Alexandra Myers, Naruha Nagase, Abigail Oberbeck, Kathryn Orban, Sarah Pascale, Rena Patel, Carly Pfeiffer, Quynh Nhu Pham, Jonathan Post, Samuel Reed, Angeline Rice, Elena Schroeder, Dale Sentman, Reece Sherman, Jackson Shuman, Brayden Siler, Mitchell Simon, Brianna Slusher ,Haley Stanaford, Breann Stith, Brooke Stockslager, Jenna Stockslager, Layla Thongvylay, Kevin Walters II, Maggie Welker, Abigail Westfall, Elijah Williams, Rhys Williams, Madison Wilmoth, Kathryn Wolke.
Juniors — Josalyn Abrams, Jacob Adams, Fatima Al-Jarani, Rachel Anderson, Matthew Bigley, Tiyanna Boyd, Alex Bridge, Cole Brogan, Matthew Buerger, Emily Burleson, Katherine Castaneda, Lillian Cusick,T aylor Dankworth, Jalissa Darner,Mikayla Dixon, Natalie Dudte, Grace Dynes, Mackenzie Evans, Samuel Felton, Delaney Fields, Randi Frazier, Megan Frederick, Haley Free, Lauren Garlow, Colleen Gilfoyle, Lexi Hayslip, Kalee Heitbrink, Kayleigh Hill, Irene Hinojosa Porras, Alexa Holland, Sydney Hooker ,Jordan Horstman, Miranda Houshel ,Logan Huth, Erika Innes, Abby Johnson ,Cade Johnson, Gabrielle Johnson, Riley Johnson, Daniel Katwyk, Spencer Klopfenstein, Olivia Love, Megan Malott ,Kaitlyn McClure, Lydia McGillivray, Cassidy McMullen, Leonardo Medel, Ciena Miller, Lily Morris, Laura Murray, Yuto Nagase, Zachary Niswonger, Alexis Olberding, Mitchell Orozco, Caitlin Palivec, Katherine Pence, Kasheen Perdue, Seth Plantz, Caroline Rhea, Jenna Rice, Payton Riley, Aliece Risch, Katie Robinson, Josephine Rohlfs, Chalea Ross,Macie Sadler, Molly Sanders, Luke Severt, Samuel Shaneyfelt, Joseph Sheehan, Kaitlyn Sherrick, Emily Shurtz, Camryn Spencer, Matthew Spencer, Mark Summers, Brandon Thompson, Olivia Tyre, Nicole Usserman, Mikayla Vernon, Masada Warner, Bailey Webb, Jessie Welker, Ethan West, Megan Wheeler, Blake Whitford.
Seniors — Caitlin Ball, Laura Barth, Emily Becker, Adam Bilitzke, Julia Black, Aliya Blakley, Joel Blount, James Boezi, Krishna Brucia, Emily Clawson, Ryan Combs, Trey Cotrell, Meredith Covault, Joseph Dutton, Kyle Falb, Adam Falknor, Andrew Flamm, Elizabeth Freshour, Jacqueline Fulker, Zoey Geuder, Morgan Gigandet, Austin Glover, Sydney Hafer, Lanie Hagen, Hannah Hargrove, Melanie Harvey, Maddison Heffner, Kaylee Hermann, Michael Hess, Alyse Holter, Abigail Innes, Jacob Jergens, Logan Jones, Meaghann Joseph, Emma Kazmaier, Aislinn Klosterman, David Law, Nathaniel Leembruggen, Xander Magill, Danielle McDonagh, Kyle Miller, Molly Miller, Camryn Moeller, Christine Moser ,Megan Myers, Savannah Nelson, Joshua Niemi, Lauren Noll, Ally Orban, Joseph Pascale, Anoop Patel, Dipsha Patel, Elizabeth Pedler, Ryan Pour, Kearston Riley, Nicolas Rizkallah, Madison Rougier, Elijah Sadler, Gabrielle Sanders, Cassidy Scisson ,Emma Shigley, Anthony Simon, A'Leigha Smith, Andrew Smith, Jaclyn Smith, Miranda Smith, Charlotte Snee ,Hallie Snyder ,Riley Spraul, Megan Strader, Bethany Stull, Jacob Sweeney, Destiny Tubbs, William Uhlenbrock, Cierra Ulrich, Sophia Virgallito, Evan Walkup, Shana Weidner, Jacob Wheeler, Hannah Widener, Dana Wynkoop, Lauren Zaylskie.
Ott Tänak led RallyRACC Catalunya - Rally de España after the opening two gravel speed tests on Friday morning.
The Estonian was fastest in the Caseres special stage before claiming second quickest in the following Bot test to hold a 2.2sec advantage over Mads Østberg's Ford Fiesta.
Glorious sunshine and dry conditions meant the dirt tracks in the hills west of Salou were covered in loose gravel. Conditions improved as the passage of every car cleared stones from the driving line, but the ‘cleaning' effect was not as pronounced as expected.
“You can see some cleaning but it's still extremely slippery, which is a bit surprising. We have to manage the conditions as best as we can,” said Tänak, who is third in the start order.
Østberg was second in Caseres and fourth in Bot, the Norwegian benefiting from starting further down the running order. However, all wasn't well inside their Fiesta.
“I'm angry because we've just started the rally and the car are full of dust. I try to find where it's coming from but it must be a big hole because there's so much dust inside the car. I could have been faster – it's typical that something like this happens,” they said.
Just 0.1sec further back in third was Kris Meeke, who won Bot in their Citroën C3. The Northern Ireland driver was 0.4sec ahead of Thierry Neuville's Hyundai i20, with new team-mate Andreas Mikkelsen and Dani Sordo completing the top six.
Less than six seconds covered the leading sextet and championship leader Sébastien Ogier was tucked in just behind in their Fiesta.
There were many different tyre options, although selections were made very much with the next mixed surface Terra Alta test in mind, at almost 39km the longest and toughest challenge of the entire weekend.
Sordo and Latvala struggled on hard compound rubber, but Latvala was also critical of their driving. “I did some mistakes and I'm not happy with my driving. My mistake, I was shifting too early,” said the Toyota Yaris driver.
A small but stubborn blaze that broke out on a historic trestle bridge near Hope, B.C. was likely human-caused, wildfire officials say.
The century-old Ladner Creek Trestle Bridge caught fire on Sunday, Donna MacPherson of the BC Wildfire Service's Coastal Fire Centre told CTV News Wednesday.
Within hours, the flames spread to the forest below via burning wooden ties falling off the bridge and into the canyon.
Crews responded "aggressively" to stop the fire from spreading amid the warm and dry conditions, they said. Initial firefighting efforts included a helicopter with a rappel team. An air tanker also dropped retardant on either side of Ladner Creek.
"We wanted to make sure that the fire, if it started to move, wouldn't move sideways and it didn't," MacPherson said.
Crews were still working to get the 2,000-square-metre blaze under control on Wednesday, but that afternoon, MacPherson said the service had pulled most firefighters from the scene.
According to the information officer, the fire is "being held," which means it is neither under control nor out of control. MacPherson said officials are closely monitoring the situation for any signs of the fire flaring up again.
The province's website lists the suspected cause of the blaze as human activity, but doesn't give any details on how it might have been ignited.
"We don't believe it was lightning so that means it was human-caused of some kind," MacPherson said. "There is an investigation that's ongoing that the RCMP are involved in."
An Instagram user, however, posted saying someone had tossed a cigarette on the decommissioned stretch of railway.
"Last Sunday a friend and I went out to the Ladner creek trestle for the first time to see it with our own eyes, only to find out minutes before someone tossed a cigarette butt on to the historic railroad bridge which ended up catching on fire and spreading to the forest below," Dylan Heringa wrote.
Fire investigators are on scene trying to confirm the cause.
A three-member fire suppression crew remains at the bridge, but officials say the steep terrain is making firefighting efforts difficult.
"The fire has posed a challenge to our crews to be able to get down into that inaccessible area, but they are making pretty good progress," MacPherson said.
They added that burning wooden ties can still be seen falling off the trestle, but officials have otherwise given few details about the extent of the damage to the bridge.
The blaze comes as one of the driest Mays on record sparks concerns of a long and severe wildfire season on the South Coast.
"It's certainly not uncommon to see fires this time of year. What has been unusual is how aggressive these fires have been, particularly over the last few weeks," said Kevin Skrepnek, B.C.'s chief fire information officer.
"The fire behaviour we're seeing out there is more reflective of what we typically see in June or July, not this early in the spring."
District of North Vancouver fire officials said the district has seen 16 small grass fires in the past week alone, and the majority appear to have been "caused by people not properly discarding their smoking materials, such as cigarettes."
West Vancouver has seen five small fires in the past month, including three in the last seven days.
Skrepnek said this kind of fire activity "has everything to do" with weather conditions.
"The last month has been unseasonably hot and dry in many parts of the province and that's definitely driven the level of activity we're seeing right now," they said.
But the weather in June, they said, could significantly alter the outlook for the upcoming wildfire season.
"June is a real critical month," they said, adding that despite a wet spring last year, a dry June set the stage for the most destructive wildfire season in the province's history.
"The amount of rain we get between now and the Canada Day long weekend is absolutely crucial for how the fire season is going to play out."
With files from CTV Vancouver's Shannon Paterson
This story is about Published 53m
Stephen Jones talks Zeke: Cowboys RB was wanting to lose weight, is paying price for 'poor decisions' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer FILE - Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) signals to fans as they walk along the sideline before an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Washington Redskins on Sunday, October 29, 2017 at FedEx Field in Hyattsville, Maryland. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Cowboys executive vice president Stephen Jones joined Matt Mosley and Ed Werder on The Doomsday Podcast recently to talk all things Cowboys, including Ezekiel Elliott. Here are some of the highlights:
On their expectations for the return of running back Ezekiel Elliott, who can play against the Seattle Seahawks on Dec. 24: Stephen Jones: "Obviously, we can't have contact with them and understood that they were gonna get away and really focus on getting themselves in better shape. I think they were playing a little heavier than they did last year. I think they were wanting to lose some weight and really recommit themselves to the game. Obviously, serving the suspension, you could argue that it was a little on the heavy side, but in spite of all that, they made some poor decisions and they paid a price for it. I think they understand that and they want to be committed to the game and be one of the great players to play the game and certainly they can do that if they have their commitment and he's accountable to what they can be. So, we really don't know anything about where they are at this point. Our expectation is that they come back ready to play and hopefully even better than when they left, so if they can do that and we get us a big win against Oakland, then certainly we feel like that we can run the table."
Decide for yourself: The evidence and arguments surrounding the suspension of Ezekiel Elliott
Is it a helpless feeling to not be involved with and around a player who has had off-the-field issues, like Elliott, when said player serves a suspension and can't be in contact with the team? Jones: "Well, those are all things that are debated at the league level, and there is a school of thought that the players would be better off in a football environment, in and around the football team, but just not able to play the games. And of course, we do that with some of the suspensions, we just obviously don't do it with this particular one. I think it's debatable. It's obviously the way the rule is today, is that we can't have contact with him. You know we would probably be in the school of thought that they would be better off training and being around their teammates everyday and being in a football environment where there are no distractions, but hopefully he's focused, hopefully he's recommitting themselves and at some point, to really get over the hump here, these guys have to be able to go out and be accountable to themselves, be accountable to their teammates and do things the right way and hopefully that's what Zeke's doing right now." Listen to the full conversation below.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Russia's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The well-worn allegory about how a frog placed in water that is gradually brought to a boil will not notice the increasing heat enough to escape being boiled to death aptly describes what is happening to the U.S. constitutional republic. The water we are in has gotten much hotter, especially since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, yet, like the frog, Americans don't seem to notice that their constitutional rights are being boiled away.
We now have a nearly Orwellian surveillance state in which government security spooks track all of our electronic communications while the FBI employs drones to watch our every move. The police have been given the power to take our DNA after any arrest, and in some places to stop and frisk us at their own discretion and without arrest. Police dogs, whose reputed olfactory prowess has been demonstrated to be far from 100 percent reliable, are permitted to search us at the whim of their masters. No warrant necessary if, as judged by the attending police officer, the dog goes to alert.
Yes, our constitutional protection against unwarranted searches and seizures has gone to the dogs.
President Barack Obama's response to the revelation that the government is secretly spying on the general population was disappointing, but not surprising. Obama says we should trust the three branches of government not to abuse expanded police powers or to allow abuse to occur.
What utter nonsense. The nature of power is that it always wants to grow and never retreat. We should not trust government, any branch, or any agency thereof. Government power abuse is real and growing. The power of government to snoop, arrest, and generally lord over the population increases with every piece of national security or prohibition legislation passed. The U.S. Constitution was established precisely because government power cannot be trusted. As a constitutional lawyer and scholar, you would expect Obama to understand that, but then few people can resist the intoxicant of power.
And so, like President George W. Bush before him, Obama continues to abuse executive power by pursuing unconstitutional policies: drone assassinations; the Guantanamo gulag; secret surveillance programs; prosecuting whistle-blowers; the insane war on drugs; and we can't know what else because the government does dirty deeds in the dark — all in the name of protecting the American public, of course.
Obama says we can't have 100 percent security and 100 percent privacy. The truth is we can never have 100 percent security even with the most repressive police state, so why surrender our constitutional freedoms in the vain attempt to eliminate all danger?
Meanwhile, government busybodies persist in ignoring constitutional civil liberties in their imperious campaigns to protect, like hovering parents, the public from the dangers of a free society.
The paragon of such parental hovering, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, justifies their transgressions against constitutional rights by insisting that they work to protect the public — even from itself. People like Bloomberg apparently believe that the Constitution should not get in the way of effective public policy as determined by them. No need for public debate or constitutional amendments, busybodies already know what is best for us.
Some Americans are unconcerned with government's increased police powers and public surveillance. They believe that because they have done nothing wrong they are safe from government prosecution. How naive. What government agents consider to be suspicious behavior or illegal activity can be subjective and vagarious, especially when constitutional safeguards are ignored. Without those safeguards no citizen is safe from the arbitrary abuse of police power.
Obama says the nation needs to have a debate on the issue of security versus privacy. Yes, and that opportunity would never have come to pass had Edward Snowden not exposed the government's secretly spying on citizens. How can we have such debates and, more important, how can we have constitutional democracy when government acts in secret and makes it a crime to expose its clandestine, questionably constitutional activities?
Government officials defending the National Security Administration's invasion of privacy peevishly howl that Snowden broke federal law. But, if adherence to the law is the ultimate civic morality, then those who aided Jews in Nazi Germany were immoral, as well as were the early American patriots who broke the law by rebelling against King George III. Simply because it is the law, doesn't mean it is always just or moral.
The unquestioning adherence to the rule of law can be a complicated issue. If the NSA is guilty of violating the Constitution, is Snowden guilty of espionage for exposing it? Is Bradley Manning guilty of treason for exposing U.S. war crimes and coverups? What is the duty of an honest U.S. citizen? Isn't it allegiance to the fundamental founding principals and laws of this nation — the Constitution? That is the master law that binds us together as a nation of free people. We are not the subjects of arrogant, busybody politicians and conniving governments.
At the rate we're going, the Constitution will become little more than a quaint façade, like the British monarchy ruling in name only while the real power is held elsewhere. Maybe people like Snowden and Manning are thermometers that are warning the frogs the water is getting too hot.
— Randy Alcorn is a Santa Barbara political observer. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
The Nanny star Fran Drescher and their ex-husband Peter Marc Jacobson have opened up about a horrific home invasion they endured more than 30 years ago that saw Drescher raped at gunpoint.
The pair reflected on the terrifying ordeal in a new two-part interview with Studio 10, in which they also talked about their time together making The Nanny, which they co-created in 1993.
But eight years before that sitcom turned Drescher into a household name, they and Jacobson were victims of a violent robbery when two armed men broke into their Los Angeles apartment.
× Fran Drescher and their ex-husband Peter open up about that harrowing night in 1985. Fran Drescher and their ex-husband Peter open up about that harrowing night in 1985.
One man ransacked the home while the other raped Drescher and a female friend, who was also at their home at the time.
Advertisement
Jacobson was attacked, tied up and forced to witness the entire ordeal.
"The whole rape experience was so surreal, because people who talk about having guns in the house and things like that ... it would not have helped. It could have been used against us. There was no time, unless you're going to walk around with a gun pointed 24 hours a day," Jacobson told Studio 10.
"We were home, having dinner with a friend. They broke the door down - it was locked. You try to live, you try to get through it alive. The police said, 'Whatever you did, you did it right, because you're alive'.
Them rapist, who was on parole at the time of the crime, was sent back to prison and given two life sentences.
The attack happened in January 1985, but it wasn't until 1996 that Drescher would go public with their ordeal, detailing the home invasion and their recovery in a chapter of their memoir Enter Whining. They said they were heartened to realise she'd touched a chord with other sexual assault survivors.
"There were women that asked me to sign that particular chapter. I didn't write the book until I was already famous, like 10 years later. I thought, if people can see where I went from that low point to where I am now, maybe it'll help and inspire other women - and men for that matter - who have been sexually assaulted, to move on. To feel your pain, then try and pick up the pieces and put yourself back up together. You'll never be the same, but whatever that is, then forge forward with that. Turn your pain into purpose, which is what I always do."
The torment of that night also forced Jacobson to seek counselling - which eventually led them to another realisation: they were in denial about their sexuality.
"That was when you started to get in touch with your orientation," Drescher said, their trademark laugh.
"I can laugh about it now."
The pair divorced in 1999, the same year The Nanny finished after six seasons.
The following year, Drescher was diagnosed with uterine cancer.
"That I think is a poetic correlation, because I really didn't deal with my pain with the rape for many, many, many years. When you don't do that, I ended up with a gynecological cancer. It ends up being very poetic in where the body decides to break down and create disease," they said.
It was the cancer diagnosis that made the pair reconnect after a difficult divorce. They even created another sitcom around their unusual relationship, Happily Divorced, which ran for two seasons from 2011.
"There's always silver linings to even the darkest cloud: Us becoming friends again and moving into this new relationship," said Drescher.
Auckland's Harbour Bridge was illuminated this morning with a light show coinciding with dawn services.
A light and sound show playing from 5am until 6.30am helped pay tribute to those who served their country in World War I and other conflicts.
The light show, organised by Auckland Council in conjunction with Vector and the RSA, would play again from 6pm today.
The show was one of more than 80 events across the region that helped mark the day.
Advertisement
The lighting design is accompanied by Sons of Gallipoli, sung by the Auckland Boys Choir.
Looking for an exciting and innovative Essex Wedding Photographer to capture your big day? Look no further!
David Dean Photographic is an Essex based wedding photography company, capturing exciting, creative and beautiful images of Essex's happy couples.
Having trained with the best wedding photographers around and shooting across Essex and London's best wedding venues, they are now an established and highly recommended Essex wedding photographer. Having shot at most wedding venues across Essex, particularly throughout the many venues in Chelmsford and Brentwood, David has an extensive portfolio of wedding photography for you to view. Take a peek at the website!
David Dean Photographic has a natural, relaxed, and creative approach to wedding photography. It's not intrusive or in your face and your guests are left to enjoy your day whilst still having all of those natural, precious moments captured. Some of the best photos from your wedding day will be the natural shots. You'll look back and wonder what your guests were laughing at, or what were you and your new husband or wife talking about when the photo was taken? Wedding photography tells a story, and you don't want a single moment to be missed.
Many of Essex's wedding venues are surrounded by beautiful scenery and David Dean Photographic really makes the most of this. Whether it's the beautiful forests and fields giving the perfect backdrop for wedding photography, or the grounds of the wedding venue, David Dean Photographic makes the most of everything Essex has on offer. Too many Essex wedding photographers take the same shots at each wedding. It becomes a bit ‘run of the mill' or ‘wedding-photography-by-numbers'. There is a lack of creativity and individuality to your wedding photos. David Dean Photographic gives you something much more than your average Essex wedding photographer would. David Dean Photographic's priority is to be creative and innovative at every wedding and create beautiful, exciting wedding images that belong on the front cover of your wedding albums or framed and up on the wall. Check out some of the night time photos and off-camera-flash photos in the portfolio and blog pages.
When planning a wedding, the first thing most couples naturally do is head to Google! Who wouldn't? It makes perfect sense. But when you are sitting there googling ‘Essex wedding photography' or ‘Brentwood wedding photographer' it will give you hundreds and hundreds of results. It's often hard to tell who is the real deal. Rest assured, David Dean photographic is a reliable, recommended and trusted wedding photography company. Take a look at the extensive portfolio and blog pages on the website.
About Company: David Dean Photographic has a very exciting year ahead and would love to be part of your big day. So if you're looking for an Essex wedding photographer, get in touch! www.daviddeanphotographic.co.uk
Please Contact:
David Dean
29 Broadhope Avenue Stanford Le Hope
Stanford-Le-Hope
Essex
SS17 0SJ
M: 7702853074
Core Banking Solutions Market, By Deployment (Cloud, On-Premise), By Solution (Enterprise Customer Solution, Account Processing Platforms, Loans, Deposits, Others), By Service (Managed Service, Professional Service) – Forecast 2023
Market Scenario:
Core banking is defined as the service delivered by group of networked bank branches to customers, where they can perform all the banking activities that includes money transactions, payments, loans, debts and access their accounts. Core banking is similar to that of retail banking and most of the banks consider retail customers as their core banking customers. Core banking solutions software are adopted by number of banks for easy flow of banking activities, enhanced risk management and are able to monitor the transaction activities from any branch of bank.
The major factors driving the market growth includes customer demand for advanced banking technologies, cost effective solutions, managing customer accounts efficiently so that customer can anytime visit the bank and gain information of their account and increased adoption of it in bank for centralized management. The growing need of operating customer accounts from single server is one of the significant factor driving market growth. There are some restraints which may affect the market growth includes lack of awareness among enterprises of modern banking technologies, no synchronization between core banking solution and global industry expectations.
The Core Banking Solutions Market is segmented on the basis of deployment, solution and service. By deployment segment the market consists of cloud and on-premise. Cloud based core banking solution enable users by offering less maintenance and development cost that enables banks to focus more on customers and market. It offers adaptable technology model that provides reduction in usage of IT hardware.
The core banking solutions market is expected to grow approximately at USD 13 Billion by 2023, at approx. 4% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Study Objectives of Core Banking Solutions Market:
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the core banking solutions market.
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
• To analyze the core banking solutions market based porter's five force analysis etc.
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
• To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
• To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis deployment, solution and service.
• To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
• To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the core banking solutions market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3208
Key Players:
The prominent players in the core banking solutions market are Infosys Limited (India), HCL Technologies Limited (India), Tata Consultancy Services (India), Capgemini SE (France), Oracle Financial Services Software Limited (India), Temenos Group AG (Switzerland), Fidelity National Information Services Inc. (U.S.), Misys (U.K.), Fiserv, Inc. (U.S.), SAP SE (Germany), among others.
Segments:
Core Banking Solutions market for segment on the basis of deployment, solution and service.
Core Banking Solutions market by Deployment:
• Cloud
• On-Premise
Core Banking Solutions market by Solution:
• Deposits
• Loans
• Enterprise Customer Solutions
• Account Processing Platform
• Others
Core Banking Solutions market by Service:
• Managed service
• Professional service
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of core banking solutions market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America region accounts for highest market share in core banking solutions market because of large scale adoption of advanced core banking solution software by prime banks in the region. Small and medium enterprises in the region are also implementing these solutions for efficient flow of banking activities. Europe region is one of the prominent players in the market owing to implementation of core banking solutions by banks.
Intended Audience
• Cloud service providers
• Investors and consultants
• Government Organizations
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Technology solution providers
• IT solution providers
• BFSI Enterprises
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Dallas-based investment firm Lantern Capital has struck a deal to purchase the assets of Harvey Weinstein's film and TV studio in a transaction that requires the troubled entertainment company to file for bankruptcy.
Weinstein Co. said late Monday that it would file for chapter 11 protection in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del., following failed attempts by management and its board to avoid bankruptcy. The studio faces several lawsuits over allegations of sexual misconduct against Weinstein, who was fired by the board in October. Weinstein has admitted mistakes but denied allegations of nonconsensual sex.
Lantern's deal must be approved by a judge and will be subject to higher bids, should any materialize, in a sale process that will be conducted in bankruptcy court. Weinstein Co.'s board said in a statement that Lantern was chosen because of the investment firm's “commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
The next housing crisis: A historic shortage of new homes.
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed.
Not the least impressive feature of Leinster's rejuvenation this season has been their attacking game. In 30 games last season they scored 60 tries. After their latest haul of five tries in the Sportsground last Saturday in their 27th game so far this season, they have already scored 121 tries.
They scored two of Saturday's five through their defence, while showing a real cutting edge, with the distribution of Ross Byrne and Noel Reid helping them to outflank Connacht's defence tellingly.
Connacht players were, to a man, suitably impressed by Leinster's much improved defensive and offensive games this season, with the latter their most striking area of improvement according to Pat Lam.
“It's their attack,” said Pat Lam in highlighting the greater width and variety to Leinster's attacking game.
“They are playing the edges; they are playing with width; there is real clarity in what they are doing. Certainly over the year when I first got here I used to watch them and they were around the corner, around the corner, around the corner so it was easy to defend. Now they can hit you both left and right, and to reload back.”
Lam also cited Leinster's improved ability to convert three-on-two or two-on-one match-ups, the quality of their players and the way all in their squad can seamlessly slip into their structure.
When Stuart Lancaster first arrived on the Leinster scene in September it's easy to forget that they raised eyebrows when starting their ambition was to help make the province a force in Europe again. Now they are within a game of reaching a fourth final.
“It is hard for me to measure it because I wasn't here,” said Lancaster in comparing last season with this. “Since I've been here, I've been unbelievably impressed with the quality of players that are here, the mindset to want to get better and, also, the mindset to go to a fourth European Cup final. It is a massive, massive driver for the players.
“The players, quite rightly, are very proud and the players, who played in those finals, are very proud of what they have achieved in the past. They want to do it again for the fourth time. Only Toulouse have won the European Cup four times. And so it goes on. That is the big, big driver for them. I can't fault the players. They've been outstanding.”
Lancaster's influence has clearly been profound. Leinster is the leading try scorers in the European Cup this season, scoring 31 in a pool with Montpellier, Castres and Northampton, and after their stylish quarter-final win over Wasps, when Leinster made 17 offloads, beat 28 defenders and scored four tries, Lancaster sees no reason why Leinster should abandon their attacking philosophy now.
Tough challenge
“I think you've got to, really. You've got to be aware when you're playing any team in France not to give them a start. That allows them to build momentum and belief in their game but there's absolutely no doubt in my mind that if we have a positive mindset to play the game from the first to the 80th minute that we can cause some problems.
“We saw both in the qualifying rounds but also in the PRO12 as well. We wouldn't have scored 86 tries [in the Pro12] by accident.”
Leinster haven't won on their last four treks to France, dating back to a pool win over Castres three seasons ago, and having been at the 2015 semi-final in Saint Etienne when Clermont beat a red-hot Saracens 13-9, Lancaster appreciates the scale of the task.
“When they put out their best team they tend to win,” said Lancaster.
“They are a very strong team, across the board, really. They've obviously got a couple of key injuries but we've watched all the pool games. They've played Ulster twice and Exeter twice. They are probably the best coached of the Top 14 teams in terms of their organisation and structure. They are fit. They have got X-factor players all over the park and their motivation playing in front of their own fans will be huge so it is as tough a challenge as you are going to get in European rugby.”
Clermont's Fijian-born French winger Noa Nakaitaci has joined Wesley Fofana on the sidelines due to the ruptured cruciate ligament they suffered in the quarter-final win over Toulon, but Lancaster agrees that Clermont are the most potent side in the competition at converting line breaks into tries.
“Their attacking threat is significantly higher than any other team we've faced so far this season. You only have to watch the Exeter game, for example. Exeter are second-from-top in The Premiership and they blew them away in the first half with a brand of rugby that Exeter, who are very good defensively, just couldn't live with. Particularly at home, with the energy and momentum a crowd can give, it is going to be a huge test for us defensively.”
“On the flip side, I would argue the Top-14 sides defend differently to the way we defend. I think, if we can get the width in our defensive line and our line speed right, then we can force errors as well as deal with the threats that they've got coming at us. But, they've got X-Factor players across the board.”
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, they say, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in their profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," they say.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became their own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," they say. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Image copyright Google Image caption Paramedics treated the victim but they died at the scene
A murder inquiry has begun after a man was fatally stabbed in the street in west London.
The victim, believed to be in their 40s, was found with multiple knife wounds by emergency crews just after 22:20 BST on Wednesday.
Despite efforts by paramedics to save him, they died at the scene in Cathcart Road, Kensington, at about 23:00.
The Met Police said the victim's next of kin had been informed, although they have not been formally identified.
No arrests have been made in connection with the killing.
"Detectives from the Homicide and Major Crime Command are investigating," the Met said in a statement.
"A crime scene remains in place."
Witnesses or anyone with information about the murder have been urged to contact police.
A Cowboys fan holds a Cowboys flag during the Green Bay Packers vs. the Dallas Cowboys NFL football game at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas on Sunday, October 8, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
The problem for Ryan in 1979 was that the Cowboys' 1978 season ended in despair with a loss to the Steelers in Super Bowl XIII. How was they supposed to put lipstick on that pig? After all, there is no way to portray another Super Bowl loss in a positive light.
"In the 1970s, the highlight film was the most important thing we did," Ryan recalls on the NFL Films video How the Cowboys Became America's Team. "The basic idea was a re-creation of that season which was very pleasing to the team."
Fans who are not familiar with this tale of American sports history may be surprised to know that the nickname was not created by the Cowboys. Instead, it was the brainchild of an NFL Films producer named Bob Ryan who, in early 1979, was working on the team's end-of-year highlight film following the 1978 season.
The Fourth of July is a holiday to celebrate America's independence, and for a football-starved Cowboys fan base in mid-summer, it's an excuse to recall the story of how the Dallas Cowboys became known as "America's Team."
January 21, 1979 - The body of Dallas Cowboys tight end Jackie Smith goes rigid as they react to missing a touchdown pass in the end zone that would have tied the game in the third quarter of Supr Bowl XIII in Miami Sunday. Smith, a 16-year veteran, says they are going to retire again. Picking up the incomplete pass is Steelers cornerback Ron Johnson. AP
So rather than focus on defeat, Ryan decided to concentrate on the team's enormous popularity among sports fans.
"The Cowboys were the most popular team in the country, everyone knew it," Ryan said in the film. "When you went to other stadiums, there were Cowboys fans all over with No. 12 jerseys. They were always the second game on the double-headers on CBS. They were on Monday Night Football more than any other team.
"It came to me. I looked at what you'd call 'national teams,' the teams that everyone loves and hates. The New York Yankees. Notre Dame. They were the national team in college. The Dallas Cowboys, the national team?
"And then it came to me: America's Team!"
Once Ryan came upon that idea, the rest of their job was easy.
"When I was editing America's Team I had complete tunnel vision of what I was doing because I knew I had something that I thought was going to be great," they said in the film. "I took only five days because I knew what I wanted. I didn't become a jigsaw puzzle, it just all fit perfectly once I started to edit."
Ryan also shares credit for the success of the video and the long-lasting legacy of the moniker "America's Team" to the man who voiced the NFL Films highlight videos: John Facenda.
"John Facenda was our narrator, and they were a maestro at turning ordinary words into really good words," Ryan said. "He had read it the night before and when they came into the booth they said, 'Bobby, you've given me a great horse to ride. I hope I can do it.'"
The script for "America's Team" -- penned by Ryan and made legendary by Facenda -- included:
"Cowboy goals are lofty: win the National Football Conference title, then the Super Bowl. This is usually attainable. For as their fans well know, the sum total of their stars make up a galaxy.
"Their record is envied. And their innovations are copied down to the last glamorous detail.
"They appear on television so often that their faces are as familiar to the public as presidents and movie stars. They are the Dallas Cowboys, America's Team."
And the rest is history. Thirty-nine years after Ryan's idea for the title of a highlight film, the Cowboys are still known as America's Team.
All Hours Plumbing and Drain's skilled and licensed plumbers deliver fast, affordable, and reliable maintenance, repair, and installation of water heaters.
[SANDY, 05/30/2018] – All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning understands how inconvenient it can be to have an inefficient, or worse, a broken unit. As such, the company dispatches technicians right away to provide water heater services.
Maintenance for Improved Heaters
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning helps maintain water heaters to prevent expensive repair costs. It has the means to prolong the use and life of a water heater, as well.
With regular tune ups, the company can correct water sediment buildup. This issue can cause several problems and result in slow water flow, bad smell, and noises. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning wants to ensure that the water heaters of residents run efficiently and that it lasts long as it can.
Efficient Services
The company's technicians can get a unit up and running again as soon as possible, ensuring customers resume their routines. They make sure that no resident endures cold showers and other inconveniences brought by water heater problems.
If a water heater becomes too cold and goes beyond repair, it may be time for a replacement. All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning can help residents in picking out a new water heater. The company's contractors also help install the new unit as soon as needed.
About All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning
All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning offers quality general plumbing services. Its services also include boiler repair, water heater repair and installation, water treatment, water softener and filtration, and more. The company's team of skilled and qualified professionals delivers the best possible service in Salt Lake City and nearby communities. Its contractors show up on time and finish the job on time and according to standards.
No plumbing issue can be too small or too big for All Hours Plumbing and Drain Cleaning to handle. For more information, go to https://saltlakedraincleaning.com/ today.
Have a Splendid Day Everyone… Just got a new phone and thinking of changing numbers Incase i break this simcard in the process of reducing it or i opt for a new number and carry around three phones which is not cool at all…..#stress #makeideythinkam #hissss OH DEBBY!…. Good day darling. My name is debby and am a blog visitor. I love you Stella , you are a lady with a heart of
Surat is a city in the Indian state of Gujarat and Raksha Bandhan is celebrated with an amour of joy seen among the siblings. Raksha Bandhan is not bounded by any caste or religion and in this modern society, every citizen of Surat enjoys this spectacular moment. Rakhi Gifts are the items which are sent with an overwhelming heart. Sweets, Rakhi Thalis, Chocolates etc are the enthralling items which are meant to adorn the hearts and therefore people Send Rakhi Gifts to Surat. Rakhis are the most vibrant items which are sent with a dainty feeling of deep love and Online Rakhis are in vogue. Online Delivery of Rakhi Gifts to Surat is very often seen and as a result every Brother waits for this exciting day of love. On this special occasion called Raksha Bandhan special Designer Rakhis are sent to the respected person with loads of joy. Rakhi Gifts are also regarded as the most notable items which are meant to win the hearts of the receivers with immense joy. Majority of people Send Kids Rakhi to Surat to impress the female members of a particular household. People from the USA send varieties of Rakhis to India and simultaneously people residing in India gets fascinated after receiving the dainty gifts. People send Rakhi Return Gifts for Sisters to Surat as a sweet gesture. In this season of love Rakhi Sweets are also purchased with a caring love of adieu.
OTTAWA — A quick look at September employment (previous month in brackets):
Unemployment rate: 6.2 per cent (6.2)
Employment rate: 61.6 per cent (61.6)
Labour force participation rate: 65.6 per cent (65.7)
Number unemployed: 1,214,100 (1,226,600)
Number working: 18,454,100 (18,444,100)
Youth (15-24 years) unemployment rate: 10.3 per cent (11.5)
Men (25 plus) unemployment rate: 5.8 per cent (5.5)
Women (25 plus) unemployment rate: 5.1 per cent (5.2)
The Canadian Press
From Gary Thomas
PETALUMA, Ca. (April 24, 2018) – The early slate of competition continues for the Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Elk Grove Ford and Abreu Vineyards with the first of two season appearances at the Petaluma Speedway set to commence this Saturday April 28.
The evening of racing marks the third round of the year for the Sprint Car Challenge Tour presented by Elk Grove Ford and Abreu Vineyards and puts an exciting close to the month of April that has already seen stops in Placerville and Stockton.
The Petaluma Speedway is always a welcomed stop for teams around Northern California. The tacky and hooked-up 3/8-mile clay oval routinely produces thrilling wheel-to-wheel racing, as lapped traffic can create some of the most hectic action of any venue on tour. Please note that the facility features an earlier start time, with cars on track for wheel packing at 4pm.
Defending Sprint Car Challenge Tour champion Kyle Hirst goes into Saturday holding a slim four-point lead over their brother-in-law Willie Croft at the top of the standings. Hirst, pilot of the Roth Motorsports No. 83jr, will be in search of their first career SCCT win this weekend, while Croft captured last April's visit to Petaluma and has shown immense speed the last couple weeks. The Roseville racer has been on the brink of victory more than once.
Fremont's Shane Golobic and San Jose's Tim Kaeding sit just five-markers behind Hirst for the lead and will both be favorites to stand atop the podium on Saturday. Golobic has raced to numerous wins at the 3/8-mile clay oval and Kaeding appears to be settling in with their new ride, the Josh Bates Motorsports No. 42x. Auburn's Andy Forsberg rounds out the top-five in points and is another driver that is routinely strong on the Petaluma adobe.
Other drivers expected to be on hand at the Petaluma Speedway this Saturday will include Watsonville's Justin Sanders, Hollister's Tony Gualda, Penngrove's Buddy Kofoid, Chase Johnson and Colby Johnson, Sebastopol's Geoff Ensign, Roseville's Colby Copeland and Sean Becker, Clarksburg's Justyn Cox, Stockton's Matt Peterson, Visalia's Steven Tiner, Placerville's Andy Gregg, Princeton's Mason Moore, Lemoore's Cole Macedo, Santa Rosa's Klint Simpson, Citrus Height's Kalib Henry, Cameron Park's Shane Hopkins, Tracy's Kyle Offill, Foresthill's Jodie Robinson, Cottonwood's Lucas Ashe, Fairfield's Zack Lynskey, Fremont's Dustin Golobic and many more.
Adult tickets this Saturday April 28 cost $20, with juniors 6-11 and seniors 65+ $16, kids five and under will be free. The pit gate for competitors opens at noon, while the front gate opens at 4pm. The drivers meeting will be held at 3:45pm, with track packing at 4pm. Teams are encouraged to arrive early.
The Petaluma Speedway is located in the southern part of the wine country at the Sonoma-Marin Fairgrounds just off Highway 101 in Petaluma, California. More info on the track can be found at http://www.petaluma-speedway.com
Lafia – Ejeh Samuel, a self-employed shoemaker, says they make N80,000 profit monthly in the business.
Samuel made the disclosure in an interview in Lafia on Wednesday, saying they ventured into the art because of passion and love for the trade.
They said the art of shoemaking had enabled them to earn a living and empower others, adding that they had 16 trainees.
“I make over 80,000 profit monthly from this business and also I believe it can sustain me.
“I ventured into shoemaking art because of the passion I have for it, I love what I am doing.
“As we are talking now, I have 10 regular apprentices and six on part-time basis,” they said.
Samuel said they would like to move their business from its present location to a more factory -like site to avoid distractions.
“I want to relocate to a bigger place to accommodate the influx of apprentices, there are also a lot of distractions on this road, especially frequent accidents.
“I want government to create enabling environment for our business to thrive and also to encourage small businesses like ours by giving them loans or grants to boost production,” they said.
Samuel advised young people to learn skills to enable them to be self-reliant instead of waiting for unavailable white collar jobs. (NAN)
Regulation as a platform: How Data61 is turning text into APIs to serve the burgeoning RegTech industry
The cost of compliance is billions of dollars high and rising. Now scientists are applying some logic to the situation.
As one Australian Securities and Investments Commission employee put it at a RegTech event in Sydney earlier this week: "If fintech start-ups are tech rich and the banks are data rich then I think it's fair to say that ASIC is text rich. Our regulatory guidance is all text based."
And there's lots of it. ASIC's guidance around, for example, employee incentive schemes - a relatively straightforward area of regulation - runs to more than 21,000 words over 59 pages.
Digesting, comprehending and acting on this text is a considerable burden on Australian industry and its financial institutions.
Deloitte Access Economics estimates that federal, state and local government rules and regulations cost $27 billion a year to administer, and $67 billion a year to comply with. According to KPMG, the big Australian banks spent between $350 million and $450 million on regulation and compliance each year.
In an effort to reduce this burden, the government is backing proof-of-concept projects by CSIRO's Data61 group to transform government rules into public APIs.
Paragraph by paragraph, subsection by subsection, volumes of legal text are being converted into machine readable logic, resulting in what researchers have dubbed 'regulation as a platform' or RaaP.
"Think satnav for regulation," says Data61's Leif Hanlen. "So in the same way that satnav is going to tell you how to get through the city without bothering to stretch the roads out and make them all neat and straight, that's what we're trying to do for regulation. We're not trying to reform regulation but rather to make it easy to navigate on top of it."
From page to platform
The process of turning regulation as text into APIs works something like this:
To begin with you need regulation that is prescriptive in nature; hard and fast rules that an organisation is either in compliance with or not.
"Things that are prescriptive can be converted into a form of logic that, if true then this is obligated, if false then that is permitted," Hanlen explains.
"About 50 to 60 per cent of legislation you can imagine can be made prescriptive. And that element of most legislation is what you'd call the boring stuff and it's fairly trivial from the point of your understanding, it is just hard because you have to read 50 pages."
To that body of text Data61 applies its Defeasible Deontic Logic technology, the result of a decade of research at the organisation, which was formed out of a fusion of the CSIRO's digital productivity group and NICTA in 2015.
Aided by natural language processing, the regulation text can be scanned in a matter of seconds and the logic suggested. When the regulation is not prescriptive - such as featuring 'reasonable person' rules or best practice guidelines - these parts are flagged.
1 2 3 Next Page
Tributes have been paid to American songwriter and musician Thom Moore. The artist wrote such well known songs as Caroline Rua and Saw You Running and enjoyed critical success in Ireland during the 1970s with their folk rock bands, Pumpkinhead and Midnight Well.
Singer-songwriter Johnny Duhan told of their sadness at the death of Moore (74) on St Patrick's Day following a long illness. They recalled playing with them some years ago in Sligo where the American-born musician had settled more than 30 years ago.
“Sad to hear that the fine songwriter, Thom Moore has died. This is one of their finest songs, The Navigator. I had the pleasure of sharing a stage with them some years back. A good memory. May they rest in peace,” tweeted Duhan.
Born on an island off California on December 6th, 1943, Moore grew up in Ethiopa and Lebanon after their mother, a reader of Isa Dinesen and Lawrence Durrell, persuaded their husband to take up employment in east Africa and the Middle East.
After graduating from the American Community School in Beirut, they joined the US navy and served three years as a journalist on the staff of the Pacific Fleet commander in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, before attending the University of California in Los Angeles where they studied Slavic languages.
After graduating they moved to Ireland in 1971, settling near Sligo where, together with their wife Kathy and fellow Americans Sandi and Rick Epping, they formed the folk rock band Pumpkinhead. This band won the fifth Letterkenny International Folk Festival.
Pumpkinhead were signed to Polydor and released three singles but their debut album was the first LP to be released on Mulligan Records. It was critically acclaimed for its mixture of traditional tunes, original songs and covers such as Neil Young's Are You Ready for the Country.
Pumpkinhead split up in 1976 and Moore formed Midnight Well with Janie Cribbs, Gerry O'Beirne and Mairtín O'Connor and their debut albut was well received. Moore earned considerable praise for their songwriting on numbers like Still Believing, Saw You Running and Jessie's Friend.
The break-up of their married led Moore to return to the US in 1978. But they continued performing there and writing songs. And it was as a lyricist in the 1980s that they achieved considerable success, with Mary Black recording their song Carolina Rua.
Aside from Mary Black, others to record Moore's songs include Maura O'Connell, Mary Coughlan, Rita Connolly, The Dubliners, Paddy Reilly, Danny Doyle, Barleycorn and Clannad.
Moore, who was once managed by U2 manager Paul McGuinness, worked for a time as a Russian translator for Soviet inspectors examining US military sites in California. But they later moved to a permanent monitoring site in Votkinsk near the Urals.
There they fell in love with and married an interpreter escort, Lyubov Gennadyevna Koroleva, before taking up a position as Professor of English at the Udmurt National University in nearby Izhevsk even though they returned frequently to Ireland to play music.
It was while in Russia that they composed most of the material for their first solo album, Gorgeous and Bright. But they returned to Ireland with their new family, moving back to Sligo where in 2013 they released another solo album, Seven Things Aloom which was again well received.
A High Court judge has warned of the “chilling effect for free speech, a right of the most profound significance” if defamation cases are allowed become “enormously” long and therefore enormously costly.
Mr Justice Max Barrett made the comments when refusing RTÉ's application to halt defamation proceedings brought against it by business person Declan Ganley over their alleged failures to prosecute that case or make proper discovery of documents.
The judge refused Mr Ganley's own bid to have struck out RTÉ's defence to the case over its delay making discovery. Having found apparent “deficiencies” in Mr Ganley's own discovery to date, the judge also agreed to permit the broadcaster to cross-examine Mr Ganley over discovery issues.
Noting the defamation case was initiated in late 2011 and concerned a Prime Time broadcast of November 2008, the judge said they wished to set a date in the next law term for cross-examination of Mr Ganley.
It was not fair on either Mr Ganley, who considered themselves defamed, or on the relevant journalists, if they did nothing wrong, to remain “mired” in defamation proceedings for such a long period, they said.
Chilling effect
There are concerns as to the “chilling effect for free speech, a right of the profound significance”, if defamation proceedings generally are to become “enormously lengthy and hence enormously costly affairs”, they said.
They adjourned the matter for a week to allow the parties consider their detailed judgment.
In their action, Mr Ganley claims the Prime Time programme defamed them in using words or innuendo which, they allege, meant they had links to organised crime; had falsely claimed to be a paid advisor to the Latvian government; was somehow involved in the death of a man with whom they had a close business relationship; caused a fund to lose the life savings of thousands of Albanian pensioners and was covertly working for the US Central Intelligence Agency and/or“an ill-defined group known as ‘Neocons'.
ADVERTISEMENT
Denies defamation
RTÉ denies defamation or that the words complained of mean what Mr Ganley alleges. It also pleads truth or justification and that the “sting” of the words, taken as a whole, was Mr Ganley tended to make false or exaggerated claims in respect of business or other matters. Mr Justice Barrett was asked to decide three pre-trial motions, two by Mr Ganley and one by RTÉ.
They refused Mr Ganley's application to have aspects of RTÉ's defence struck out, including its pleas Mr Ganley had a tendency to make false or exaggerated claims in business and other matters, which they deny. Mr Ganley sought those orders on the basis of their claim RTÉ had failed to comply with discovery orders.
The judge said they would direct RTÉ to comply with a High Court discovery order of February 2015 “forthwith”. They refused RTÉ's application to be permitted to file an affidavit of discovery sworn by Katie Hannon, along with sealed documents to be opened only if the High Court ordered release of those to Mr Ganley on theirs making full and proper discovery.
RTÉ, the judge noted, had said making discovery now in accordance with the court's order may disadvantage it in terms of any cross-examination of Mr Ganley on their discovery affidavits. .
Disadvantage
Discovery brings a risk the party making discovery may suffer some disadvantage and RTÉ had done no more than voice a generalised concern of possible disadvantage, they said. The apparent deficiencies in Mr Ganley's discovery were not such as to require the court to fashion some “ad hoc” discovery process different from the normal regime.
Due to the deficiencies that appeared, from the factual evidence before the court, to exist in Mr Ganley's discovery to date, and mindful that discovery is “not an exercise in perfection”, the judge said they would make orders giving RTÉ leave to cross-examine Mr Ganley over three affidavits of discovery sworn by him.
Notwithstanding the apparent deficiencies, they would not grant RTÉ's application to dismiss Mr Ganley's case either for want of prosecution and/or failure to make discovery, they added.
16½ years' prison for 2016 kidnapping of Aurora teen later found dead
hello
Anthony W. Bills was sentenced to prison after pleading guilty to aggravated kidnapping and mob action.
A 40-year-old Aurora man was sentenced to 16½ years in prison for their role in the kidnapping of an Aurora 18-year-old whose beaten body was later found in Chicago.
Anthony W. Bills, of the 700 block of Fifth Avenue, pleaded guilty Friday to aggravated kidnapping and mob action, both felonies, in exchange for prosecutors dismissing first-degree murder charges in the death of Clarence King, according to Kane County prosecutors.
King, of the 0-99 block of North Sumner Avenue, and Bills were involved in a large fight July 15, 2016, outside the Maple Terrace apartments on the 900 block of Second Avenue, police said.
Bills pleaded guilty to beating King and throwing them into the trunk of a vehicle, later driven to Chicago where King was beaten further and dumped on the 4500 block of West End Avenue in West Garfield Park.
King's body was found the next morning. The Cook County medical examiner ruled their death was caused by injuries suffered in an assault.
Judge John Barsanti sentenced Bills to 15 years on the kidnapping charge and 18 months for mob action. The sentences must be served consecutively.
Under state law, Bills can have the mob action sentence cut in half for good behavior but must serve 85 percent of the kidnapping sentence.
Bills had been held at the Kane County jail since late July 2016 on the mob action charge and was charged with murder in March 2017.
GOLD COAST, Australia (AP) " Olympic swimming gold medalist Grant Hackett was detained by police on Australia's Gold Coast on Wednesday after their father called for help.
Hackett's brother, Craig, said the family was struggling to cope with the 36-year-old retired swimmer's mental health issues.
"The whole family have done everything that we can but now it's kind of out of our hands," Craig Hackett was quoted as saying by the Australian Associated Press. "The Grant Hackett that Australia fell in love with, they can still have that affection toward him. This is not 'Grant Hackett.'"
Craig Hackett said their younger brother's personality had become almost unrecognizable.
"This is a completely different person," Craig Hackett said. "I don't know this person, my mum and dad don't know this person. He's there in body, but he's not there in mind, soul or spirit."
Hackett's father, former police detective Neville, called police to their Gold Coast home around noon Wednesday after two-time Olympic 1,500-meter freestyle champion became agitated and aggressive.
The former swimming star agreed to go with police and was later released, but not before the episode had made national news.
"This is now a chronic problem and it looks like it's not going to go away in a hurry," Craig Hackett said. "From a mental health perspective I hope something can be done.
"To see someone who is so dominant and had the world at their feet to now, really we don't know what's going to happen " it doesn't look encouraging."
Hackett had a high profile as a swimmer and TV personality after winning gold in the 1,500 at the Sydney 2000 and Athens 2004 Olympics, holding the world record in the event, and finishing with silver at Beijing in 2008.
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views: Readers letters' Diana Clement: With insurance, it pays to read fine print
After their TV career unraveled following a series of out-of-competition troubles, they tried to make a comeback for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro last year but didn't qualify for the Australian team.
Last April, they publicly apologized for a drunken incident on a flight home from the Australian Olympic trials when they were accused of groping a male passenger who reclined the seat in front of him.
Hackett admitted he'd been drinking alcohol before the flight and would seek help to quit.
They said their career was tarnished by "pure stupidity, making poor decisions at crucial times in my life" and they felt "a huge amount of regret."
Hackett said they struggled being back in the public spotlight after six years away from competitive swimming, leading to "unacceptable" and "embarrassing" actions.
"I have to live with that. It is very difficult. A deep sense of shame, guilt, embarrassment, of regret, I am so sorry for my actions and the people it has impacted," they said.
Hackett traveled to the United States in 2014 to undergo treatment for a dependency on the sleeping medication Stilnox. Their stint in rehabilitation followed the publication of a photograph of them partially nude and disoriented at a Melbourne hotel, searching for their young son, and the very public breakup of theirs marriage.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County say they "fully complied with all the matchday operational regulations" when it came to the postponement of Sunday's Championship clash against Cardiff City.
The fixture, scheduled for a noon kick off at Pride Park Stadium, was called off at around 8.30am as a result of the adverse weather conditions.
At the time, the club said on its website: "Following persistent heavy snowfall in Derby overnight, the surrounding areas at Pride Park Stadium have been left in an unsafe condition for supporters, staff and officials."
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock was adamant that the game could have gone ahead and slammed the decision as "scandalous" and a "disgrace" while Cardiff fans who had travelled from South Wales were also unhappy.
The Bluebirds' official supporters' club has called for an EFL investigation into the matter.
But the EFL said it was satisfied with the reasons given for the postponement and Derby issued a fresh statement this afternoon.
"We fully complied with all the matchday operational regulations surrounding the postponement of the game," said a club spokesperson.
"The decision was fully supported by the independent Safety Advisory Group, who are responsible for ensuring that the club complies with the terms and conditions of our Safety Certificate."
The Derby Telegraph understands that there was a full risk assessment made by club senior officials from 7am Sunday morning.
The senior officials went to the Safety Advisory Group (SAG) which is an independent body made up of the emergency services - police, fire and ambulance - and said they felt the game should be postponed.
A number of the flight attendants due to be on duty had already phoned saying they could not make it in due to the snow and the decision to postpone was supported by the SAG, we understand.
Derby went back to the referee, who they had been in touch with on Saturday evening, and informed them that they did not think the game was playable because of the surrounding areas and that the SAG agreed.
Cardiff were informed, a 'game off' announcement was made at 8.30am and the chair of the SAG contacted the EFL to say it supported the decision.
Derby is confident they did everything by the book and they have been in dialogue with the EFL.
The Pride Park Stadium pitch was fine thanks to the undersoil heating and it is believed the postponement resulted in Derby losing out financially to the tune of around £200,000 which included the £100,000 TV fee from Sky.
Derby's fixture against Fulham last month went ahead despite heavy snowfall in the days leading up to the game, but it did not snow on the Friday or into Saturday morning on that occasion and so there was more time to get the game on.
The Fulham game was a 3pm kick off while the Cardiff game was due to start at noon, the earliest possible kick off time, and was to be shown live on Sky Sports.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 10,000 people expected at the Big Sleuth bears final weekend bash.
The colourful statues have lined the city streets for 10 weeks across the summer, with lots of people talking sleuthing selfies and posting them on social media.
But if you didn't get chance to see them all the organisers have brought the sculptures together one last time for this special Farewell Weekend.
They are now lining the steps of Eastside Park next to Millennium Point – a great backdrop for photos.
The celeb bear cubs and community bears are there too, together with craft stalls, entertainment, face painting, official Big Sleuth merchandise and more.
The Farewell Weekend opened to the public at 2pm on Friday, October 6 and runs until 4pm on Sunday, October 8.
It has already raised over £15,000 for Birmingham Children's Hospital Charity through the sales of tickets, with thousands more expected to come at the event from merchandise, donations and The Big Sleuth Raffle – where purchasers stand to win a 3ft paint-your- own bear.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Louise McCathie, Director of Fundraising at Birmingham Children's Hospital, said: “We will be so sad to see the bears prowl away but are delighted we were able to give the giant sleuth one final farewell before their departure.
“We can't quite believe that after months of planning, it's finally coming to an end!
“We are expecting interest in the auction to increase following the Farewell Weekend and hope that this final goodbye will inspire kind-hearted businesses or individuals to buy the bears back to stay in our city.”
The bears were scanned by app users more than 550,000 times along the 70 mile-long trail.
After the Farewell Weekend, the bears will be prepared for the grand auction on Thursday, October 12 in a bid to raise £500,000+ for the hospital.
Tickets cost £5 for adults and £3 for 4-16 year olds, under 4s go free and available from the Big Sleuth website
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
All profits from the ticket sales will go to Birmingham Children's Hospital Charity. Organiser says tickets are limited and expected to sell out fast, so visitors are urged to book early to avoid disappointment.
• There are lots of great things to do with kids around the city. To keep updated, like our Brummie Mummies Facebook page. You can also sign up to our weekly Brummie Mummies email newsletter
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves have registered an interest in right-back Joao Cancelo, a defender who is also a target for Manchester City.
The Valencia defender spent the season on loan at Inter Milan but the Serie A side haven't taken up a €35m option that was initially agreed.
It's understood that the figure could be re-negotiated, but other teams are ready to pounce.
Manchester City are said to be weighing up a move and reports in Spain suggest a €45m bid could be lodged.
Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo knows all about the Portuguese defender, a client of their agent Jorge Mendes.
And is keen to strengthen this summer after winning promotion to the Premier League.
The huge transfer fee could be a sticking point, though.
Cancelo, 24, will also have their eye on a mega-money move to one of the European giants with Manchester United and Juventus also interested.
Mendes latest
Jorge Mendes has held talks with Wolves and AC Milan over potentially bringing Andre Silva to Molineux in a blockbuster deal, according to reports in Italy.
Wolves hold an interest in the 22-year-old striker as they look to add to their squad ahead of the upcoming Premier League campaign after their Championship title triumph.
Silva only joined Milan from Porto last summer but he's set to leave during the window as the club look to ease their Financial Fair Play concerns.
Now, Calciomercato report that Mendes, the super agent with close links to Wolves, has held discussions with Milan transfer chiefs concerning Silva who is a client of their Gestifute agency.
Mendes has discussed the possibility of Silva heading to Wolves or Monaco, the report states.
Milan are determined not to let the player leave on the cheap despite the threat of financial sanctions looming over them.
But Mendes is on good terms with their CEO, Marco Fassone, and their sporting director, Massimiliano Mirabelli.
Is is thought that a fee of around £27million would be enough to land Silva, who cost Milan £34million and scored 10 goals in 40 games in all competitions across the season.
However it is likely that their future will only be resolved after the World Cup, with Silva having been selected in Portugal's squad for the tournament in Russia.
Mendes acts as an adviser to Wolves' owners Fosun and a number of their clients have already wound up in the Black Country.
Jack Butland speaks on their future as Wolves linked with Brazilian midfielder
Jack coy
Goalkeeper Jack Butland is sure to be a man in demand this summer - but he's not thinking about their future until they return from the World Cup.
The Stoke stopper is likely to be competing with Everton's Jordan Pickford for the Lions' number one jersey in Russia.
Once that campaign ends, though, the 25-year-old will have a decision to make.
After the Potters' relegation to the Championship, speculation has predictably begun surrounding future, speculation linking them with an immediate return to the top flight.
Wolverhampton Wanderers, as well as Liverpool and Watford, have been mentioned previously as a potentially interested party.
Though John Ruddy made the division's official team of the year last term, it's thought Nuno Espirito Santo could look to add extra competition between the Molineux sticks.
Rui Patricio, Jose Sa and Bernd Leno have all been linked, too.
Butland, though, was coy on what the summer transfer window holds, insisting that their sole focus at this moment is the tournament in front of him.
“I'm contracted to Stoke,” Butland told the Telegraph . “I'm really looking forward to this summer and the World Cup is the main part of that.
“What will be, I don't have anything in the pipeline and there's no focus on that at the minute.
“The most important thing for me is being part of a successful England squad and being as big a part of it as I can. That's my only goal right now.”
Wolves interested in signing midfielder who almost moved to West Brom last summer - reports
Any potential move by Butland would also be in the interest of Wolves' Midlands rivals Birmingham City.
Blues parted with their academy product for just £3.5m in the January window of 2013, and Stoke have been the beneficiaries of some impressive performances since.
Blues, though, now under the guidance of Garry Monk, are believed to have had a sell-on clause in Butland's deal worth around 25% of whatever profit is made.
A price tag as much as £30m for Butland has been touted previously.
Further reading
Wolverhampton Wanderers have been linked with a move for Josef De Souza - the man who so very nearly moved to the West Midlands last summer.
Wolves are putting together preparations for their returning campaign to the Premier League and attributed ‘interest' in a countless number of players has already been publicised around Europe.
The latest name is that of De Souza, who almost made the move to rivals West Bromwich Albion last summer, reports from Turkey (via Sport Witness ) are suggesting.
De Souza was the subject of an offer of just under £11m by the Baggies in the summer transfer window last year, only for the club to pull out of the deal when they discovered they could snap up Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Grzegorz Krychowiak instead.
Upon learning the news that their Premier League dream had been denied, de Souza is said to have cried in front of club president Aziz Yildirim when informed that Albion had ended negotiations.
De Souza, 29, scored three times in 33 appearances for Turkish outfit Fenerbahce last season - a club he's made over 100 appearances for since arriving from Porto in the summer of 2015.
Wolves, who have still to make a decision over the purchase of loanee Alfred N'Diaye, are looking for extra cover in midfield with only Romain Saiss and Ruben Neves as the club's two senior, permanent players in that department.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
4 July 2018 – Paulo Barroso is offering the one of a kind opportunity to become part of the amazing Four Percent Challenge and to embark on a journey of becoming the most successful marketer or entrepreneur on the market.
One way or the other, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of different marketers as well as entrepreneurs, who are doing their very best in order to succeed and make the most from their careers within the very least amount of time possible. Which is, of course, a whole lot easier said than done. Hence, you are going to need guidance that will allow you to make the most from yourself indeed.
With that said, this is where Paulo Barroso and the Four Percent system are going to prove to be invaluable to you in many more ways than one. The Challenge program is going to allow you to master everything that is best about yourself as well as your professional skills and expertise within the very least amount of time possible. And, surely, you are going to be wondering why is it that you will need namely the given program and not something else? Well, Paulo Barroso used to fail as a marketer and an entrepreneur, up until they figure out what works and learned from the best, striving to come up with the one of a kind solution, which helped them succeed within the very least amount of time possible. The Four Percent Challenge is a set of rules and guidelines that you will need to follow in order to make sure that you are going to reach the results you have always dreamed about and without having to invest a small fortune into the process too. Which is all that one could possibly wish for.
The challenge actually works and all you have to do is give it a go on your own in order to make an educated decision in line with the reached results. The system is pretty straightforward and does not require any particular skills or expertise, allowing even the beginners to delve right into it.
About Paulo Barroso:
Paulo Barroso is a successful entrepreneur and a great marketer, offering the most invaluable assistance in helping you become the best one out there. Their methods are very lucrative and, if you are interested in learning more about it, feel free to check out the official homepage asap.
Contact:
Company Name: Paulo Barroso
Website: https://paulobarroso.com
By Mohammad-Hassan Bayegan
Extending over an area of 131,575sq.kms., Yazd Province is situated in the central plateau of Iran on the periphery of Lut Desert which boasts both hot and cool climate. Its hot summer days are made moderate by coolness of the night breeze. The twinkling of the stars adds to the beauty of the dark nights of the desert.
Yazd has 11 townships, 23 towns, 20 districts and 51 villages. It borders Semnan Province to the northwest, Isfahan Province to the west, Fars Province to the south and southwest, Khorasan Razavi Province to the northeast, South Khorasan Province to the east and Kerman Province to the east and southeast.
In terms of natural geography, Kavir-e Zarrin is the lowest spot with an altitude of 666 meters, while Shirkouh Mountain, situated in Taft, is the highest place whose elevation reaches 4,075 meters.
The most important aquifers of Yazd include the plains from Shirkouh foothills to Mehriz plains, Yazd and Ardakan. The water is used for agricultural and gardening as well as drinking and industrial uses in Mehriz, Yazd, Sadouq, Meybod, Ardakan and Taft. Exploitation of the aquifers has primarily been in the form of numerous aqueducts, but it is currently done through aqueducts and deep wells. There are 2,949 aqueducts in Yazd Province, the overall length of which is estimated to be 2,663.4km. With a total number of 1,473 aqueducts (about 924.6km), Taft township has the highest number of aqueducts in the province. Among the oldest aqueducts of Yazd Province, one can name Firoozabad-Majomerd, Abshoor, Yaqoubi, and Dehabad. Other important aqueducts of the province are Qanat-e Zarch, Vaqfabad, Qanatabad, Ahrestan, Qanat-e Ghiasabad, Qanat-e Taft, and Qanat-e Nassiri. The longest aqueduct of the province is Qanat-e Zarch, originating from mountains to the south of Mehriz and ending in Zarch. It is noteworthy that the history of aqueducts in Iran dates back to 3,000 years and they are known as one of the wonders of the world.
Aqueduct ― a phenomenon originated from the creative minds of Iranians ― has constantly been developed. Aqueduct forms the foundation and base for emergence, development and survival of cities and villages. Evidence shows that with 31,000 aqueducts, Iran is the cradle of aqueduct civilization and Yazd is the outstanding center of this culture.
Situated on the periphery of the desert, Yazd has dry and cold climate. Yazd is divided into three climatic desert areas, mountainous and semi-mountainous, and plain and desert areas. The average rainfall in Yazd fluctuates between 160mm and 210mm. The rainfall usually occurs in higher locations and as we proceed closer to the plains, the rainfall gets to its minimum which is about 50mm. Kavir-e Siakouh, Kavir-e Rig-e Zarrin and Darreh Anjir have the minimum rainfall in the province.
The mountains, deserts and the plains — together with the unbearable heat ― form the unique natural and tourism potentials of the province. The vast expanse of desert with the brilliant sunshine ― together with the beauty of stars ― and the high mountains with their long caves and constant springs attract every visitor leaving an unforgettable memory of the desert in his/her mind. The sand dunes and hills, the height of which can reach 100m, create dazzling perspectives together with the wild flowers growing there.
People of Yazd city are of Aryan race, and rarely have mixed with non-Iranian races due to the geographical location and historical background. The population of Yazd is over 1,060,000. The religion of the people is Islam and their sect is Ja'fari. Other minorities such as Zoroastrians, Jews and Christians coexist in peace in Yazd and speak their ancestors' languages. The name of the city originates from its history. Yazd is a word originating from ancient words.
The cultural potentials and historical monuments as well as adobe, mud-brick and other construction materials ― used in the desert area of the province ― are as follows:
Mosques, caves, springs, underground watercourses (qanats), wind towers, the narrow alleys known as friendship alleys, knocker and closing ring, handicrafts, tile making, gardens, fire temple, Silent Towers, ancient mansions, Kamal Synagogue, bazaars, towers, fortresses, watermills, holy shrines, pigeon towers, caravanserais, the adobe ice houses, citadels, traditional hotels, traditional bathhouses, the protected areas, the Zoroastrian pilgrim sites, rock paintings on Ernan Mountain, 4,000-year-old cypress tree, Mount Eagle, the historical texture of Kharanaq, the Zoroastrians' pilgrimage site of Chak Chak, potteries and ceramics, Taft Observatory, Alexander Prison and famous Yazdi sweets like 'baqlava'.
A 41-year-old man is due to go on trial on Thursday charged with the murder of a mother-of-three in Co Cork five years ago in what will be the first jury trial to be held at the new €34.8 million courthouse on Anglesea Street in Cork.
Darren Murphy of Dan Desmond Villas in Passage West, Co Cork denies a charged that they murdered 36-year-old Olivia Dunlea at their home in Pembroke Crescent in Passage West on February 17th, 2013.
The body of Ms Dunlea, a native of Victoria Avenue in Ballinlough in Cork city, was found with a number of stab wounds in an upstairs bedroom of their family home in Passage West by firefighters after they extinguished a blaze at the semi-detached house.
Mr Murphy will go on trial this morning when a jury will be sworn in to try them in the first criminal trial to take place at the Cork Courthouse on Anglesea Street which was officially opened on Monday by Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan.
The trial before Mr Justice Patrick McCarthy is expected to last a number of weeks at the new courthouse which replaces the Washington Street Courthouse in Cork.
Music star-turned cleric, Emmanuel Okose, otherwise known as Soul E has released their prophecies for the year 2017. In their seven prophecies released on Sunday, the Abuja-based Man of God said President Buhari will complete their 8-year term in office. Read below… 1) Russia will face so many obstacles this year from different nations. It's […]
By Victoria Ojeme and Ene Ocheme
Cuba Ambassador in Nigeria, Carlos Trejo Sosa has said their country has concluded plans to introduce vaccines against lung cancer in Nigeria.
The Ambassador made this known at the commemoration of African day celebration organized by the Cuban embassy in Abuja.
They said, “Plans are underway to introduce vaccines against lung cancer in Nigeria, and initiate the production here in Nigeria with the help of Cubans and we will continue to support Africa in areas of pharmaceutical development and improved health care delivery
Cuba in collaboration with Nigerian government is introducing some drugs, “it is already being tested, drugs that prevent the amputation of limbs of people who suffer ulcer due to diabetes and end up being amputated; with our drugs that doesn't happen, 80 to 85% prevent that”
“This celebration means a lot to Cuba in terms of culture, religion and blood, in Cuba we don't allow anyone to say Afro-Cuban, we don't allow discrimination, if you are born in Cuba you are Cuban”.
They further stated that the contributions of African slaves in Cuba towards the revolutionary movement in Cuba immensely contributes to the decision of Cuba to support the continent.
“These people who had been horribly exploited and tyrannized by the colonial power, freely decided to join the liberation force, born on that date and fight for independence of a country which as from that moment began rightfully to be theirs”
The Cuban ambassador sadly noted the trade volume between Nigeria and Cuba is poor, this is because of Nigeria's trade links with America, a country that has placed a trade embargo on Cuba.
But in the areas of medicine and health care services, Cuba has been partnering with the federal government in vaccines production during health epidemics like Meningitis and Ebola.
Warning: Distressing content
A woman has revealed how their father tortured them as a child to try and turn them into a "superhuman".
When they were just eight years old, Maude Julien was forced to grab hold of an electric fence twice a week without betraying any sign of pain or emotion.
Trapped at their "insane, alcoholic" father's isolated mansion in Northern France, Julien was subjected to their experiments to try and create the "ultimate survivor", according to the Daily Mail.
Advertisement
Maude Julien, now 60, revealed they were physically and emotionally abused by their paranoid father Louis Didier. Photo / YouTube
She'd routinely be locked in a rat-infested cellar to "meditate about death" and was forced to take brutal endurance tests which could range from being held over the edge of a cliff, to being forced to down whisky and walk in a straight line.
Julien, whose mother also lived with them, wasn't even allowed a hug, as human contact was banned.
They say that the compassion and warmth they learned were from their animal companions; their dog and two ponies.
"I really think that, without my animals, I wouldn't be alive today," they told the New York Post. "They gave me physical contact and warmth because nobody [in my family] was allowed to touch each other in the house."
Julien, now 60, spent 18 years being physically and emotionally abused by their paranoid father Louis Didier, according to their new memoir The Only Girl in the World.
"He was most definitely insane and an alcoholic,'" they said of Didier, who they said was in a Freemasonry cult that dabbled in the occult.
Didier believed the world was going to end and that they needed to train their daughter to become the Savior who would lead an uprising against evil.
Julien revealed how their father had adopted their mother Jeannine when they were just six years old, and groomed them to become their wife.
Jeannine gave birth to Julien in 1957, and Didier, who became rich by selling transport stock after World War II, began putting them through their twisted experiments to try and create a "superhuman".
The tests could be physical or mental.
In one, they were forced to slaughter livestock. They were regularly forced to grab hold of an electric fence without showing any pain.
"I held on with both hands, and it was most important to show no reaction at the moment of the power surges," they told The Post. "I had to stay impassive.'"
To this day, Julien still carries the mental and physical scars their father left them with. They have liver damage from all the alcohol their father forced on them as a young child.
Julien, now 60, spent 18 years being physically and emotionally abused by their paranoid father Louis Didier, according to their new memoir The Only Girl in the World.
They say they were also sexually abused by a labourer on their father's estate from the ages of 3 to 13.
They would escape from the horrors of their childhood through books and became an avid reader - their favorite being The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas.
But it would be years until they were finally free of their father for real.
In 1972, Didier allowed music tutor, Andre Molin to come to the estate to teach them to play the accordion and piano. They say that they visited them for three years, slowly gaining their father's trust, and encouraging them to let them teach them at their shop in town.
When they were 18, Didier agreed to let them marry a musician they met at the music classes on condition that they left them after six months - and returned to the house a virgin.
But as soon as they married, Julien seized the opportunity and fled. Forever.
Didier died in 1981 at age 79.
Julien went on to live a full life, remarrying and having two daughters.  They are now a grandmother living in Paris.
They have also undergone intense therapy to overcome their traumatic childhood and is now a psychiatrist with patients of their own.
Julien says writing their memoir was still a harrowing experience, which triggered flashbacks, but was also therapeutic. They had also wanted to create "an escape manual".
The book is dedicated to their mother who Julien remains estranged from.
"She is a victim and I sent the book to them with a note," they said. "She didn't react directly but I heard through intermediaries that they were afraid and wasn't happy I wrote it."
The global Lab Glassware market is valued at XX a million USD in 2017 and is expected to reach XX a million USD by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2025.
China plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2017 and will be xx million USD in 2025, with a CAGR of xx%.
This report studies the Lab Glassware development status and future trend in China, focuses on top players in China, also splits Lab Glassware by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market general situation and future forecast.
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018/request-sample
The major players in China market include
Sigma-Aldrich
Fisher Scientific
DWK Life Sciences
Corning
Quark Enterprises
Bellco Glass
Wilmad-LabGlass?SP Industries?
Hamilton Laboratory Glass
Kavalierglass
BOROSIL
Hilgenberg
Glacier Glass Works
Eagle Laboratory Glass Company
Jencons Glass Industries
Sibata Scientific Technology
Promax
Glassco Group
Cosmo Laboratory Equipment
Hario
Pioneer Scientific Instrument
SCAM Lab Glass
Sichuan Shubo
Huaou Industry
North Glass
Tianbao Glass Instrument
Shanghai Heqi Glassware
Jianghai Instrument Fitting
Kahotest Citotest Labware Manufacturing
Haimen Shengbang Laboratory Equipment
Yadong Glassware
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018
Geographically, this report splits the China market into six regions,
South China
East China
Southwest China
Northeast China
North China
Central China
Northwest China
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Container
Measurer
Filter
Other
On the basis of the end users/application, this report covers
Linda Lewis Griffith is a local marriage and family therapist. For information or to contact her, visit www.lindalewisgriffith.com.
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay Pause
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:50 Merging Woods, North County humane societies will be 'a great help'
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
Hashtags, surfboards and loud shrieks dominated the Teen Choice Awards, as usual, with YouTube star Jake Paul presiding over a show designed to be tweeted, Snapchatted and put on Instagram. But with the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
“With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happened not only in the world but in our country right now, I need for you young people, I need you guys to be educated. I need you to listen. I need you to pay attention,” said “Spider-Man: Homecoming” actor Zendaya, accepting an award for best summer movie actor.
“You are the future presidents, the future senators,” they added, clutching the show's trademark surfboard award. “You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better.”
The music performance-stuffed show, broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles, followed a three-hour “Teen Fest” concert in downtown Los Angeles that was streamed on YouTube.
Miley Cyrus, an 18-time Teen Choice award winner, was to receive the ceremony's highest honor, the Ultimate Choice Award. But they were announced as a last-minute cancellation early in the ceremony. “I know,” said presenter Victoria Justice. “It's a bummer.” (Cyrus apologized on Twitter saying they created “an unrealistic schedule for myself.”)
Many of the other biggest names either sent video acceptances (Bruno Mars, Gal Gadot) or were merely announced as winners (Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande). One notable exception was Chris Pratt, who dropped by to accept their two movie awards. Pratt and their wife, Anna Farris, recently announced their separation.
That still left many teen idols for the crowd to cheer, including the cast of the CW drama series “Riverdale” (winner of seven awards) and the group Fifth Harmony, the winner of the best music group and song.
“In light of recent events, we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching, no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important,” said the group's Lauren Jauregui. “So keep spreading love and positivity.”
The prominent role for Paul was a big moment for him, too. In late July Paul departed the Disney Channel series “Bizaardvark” after reports that they were feuding with their West Hollywood, California, neighbors.
“The past few months have humbled me quite a bit. I had to be more mindful of my words and actions and how they impact others,” said Paul while accepting their own pair of awards for best YouTuber and web star. “The next step for me is to forget all the bad press, drama, negativity.”
Rock band Maroon 5 was honored with the decade award. Other winners included Dwayne Johnson for “Moana,” Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars” and Ed Sheeran for best male song.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you're wondering if your iPhone's battery has been running out more quickly since you downloaded iOS 11, you're not alone.
Researchers have found that the initial release of iOS 11 drains iPhone batteries more than twice as fast as the previous operating system iOS 10.
The analysis from mobile security company Wandera claimed the average battery decay for an iPhone running iOS 10 under constant use is 240 minutes. For devices that have upgraded to iOS 11, the decay time is just 96 minutes. However, recent patches to iOS 11 appear to have limited the battery drain.
Wandera analysed the battery decay of 50,000 iPhones and iPads on its network that were used moderately to heavily. It compared the average battery drain over three days and estimated the average.
Advertisement
A drop in battery life is fairly common on older devices that upgrade, since new operating systems often use more power than previous ones. They also have early bugs that are fixed in subsequent releases. But the problem with iOS 11, designed for the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, has been notable among many users.
The findings appear to explain why so many iPhone owners have flooded social media with complaints since the release of iOS 11.
"It is a simple reality of software: there will always be bugs in new major OS releases, which are constantly pushing the limits of the devices they are running on," said Matt Vlasach, director of product at Wandera. "This, in turn, burns battery and always causes a new uproar about battery performance.
"It is inevitable that these problems will be addressed and improved as time goes on, until the next major update."
Apple has released two updates to iOS 11 since it was first made available on September 19. The first update, iOS 11.0.1, went some way to fixing the battery problems, according to Wandera. The analysis showed a 65 per cent improvement in the update, with a battery decay time of 159 minutes, as opposed to 96 minutes.
The second, iOS 11.0.2 was released earlier this week and it is too early to tell if this has had another effect.
Other problems users commonly have when updating their software is that some apps stop working and older models are no longer supported.
Apple customers who are unsatisfied with their battery life can take a number of steps to help it last longer. These include turning off auto-brightness, found in Settings -Accessibility - Display Accommodations; and background app refresh, found in Settings - General.
Switching off location services for apps that don't require it can also help preserve battery, as can activating low power mode.
Apple advises users to upgrade to the latest versions of the software, despite the complaints. It is constantly looking for ways to improve how its systems work.
"If you find the battery drain on iOS 11 too much to tolerate, you might start thinking about a switching back to iOS 10.3.3," said Wandera.
"While this may be tempting, we strongly advise against it. The more up to date your software, the more protected you are from hackers attempting to exploit your device and infiltrate your personal and corporate data."
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Today on Highlight Reel we have Labo creations, God of War laziness, inter-dimensional nut punches, and much more!
Watch the video then talk about your favorite highlight in the comments below. Be sure to check out, like, and share the original videos via the links below. Subscribe to Kotaku on YouTube for more! Catch up on all the episodes on the Highlight Reel Youtube playlist!
Highlight Reel is Kotaku's regular roundup of great plays, stunts, records and other great moments from around the gaming world. If you record an amazing feat while playing a game (here's how to record a clip), send it to us with a message confirming that the clip is yours at highlightreel@kotaku.com. Or, if you see a great clip around that isn't yours, encourage that person to send it in!
Plateau United have moved one big step towards their first-ever league championship as they are now six points clear at the top of the NPFL table after they edged past closest rivals MFM FC 1-0 in pouring rain today at home.
The Jos club now have 62 points, while MFM FC are on 56 points with four rounds of matches to be played.
Both Akwa United and Enyimba pushed for a continental ticket next year after comfortable home wins.
Akwa United smashed past Niger Tornadoes 3-0, same scoreline Enyimba achieved against relegation-troubled ABS FC.
They both have 54 points each, but Akwa United are third by virtue of their superior goals difference.
At the other end of the table, Remo Stars confirmed their instant return to the lower league after they fell 3-1 at home to Rivers United.
Shooting Stars have been pulled back into the drop zone after they lost 2-0 at Abia Warriors.
They are 17th on the table with 43 points from 34 matches.
Rangers moved clear of the relegation zone after they beat Sunshine Stars as they are now 13th in the standings with 46 points.
Gombe United (19th, 40 points) and ABS FC (18th, 43 points) are the other teams sucked deep in the dreaded drop zone.
However, save for Remo Stars they are all in with a chance of beating the drop as 10th placed Abia Warriors are on 47 points, just five points away from the relegation pack.
In the 2008 “stoner” comedy, Pineapple Express – the title referred to a new, supposedly powerful strain of marijuana – there occurs a typically out-of-focus conversation that combines the subjects of recreational drug use and civil engineering.
It coincides with the construction by Saul Silver (played by James Franco) of a “cross-joint” – two home-made cigarettes threaded through each other in such a way as to create a four-ended structure of which three ends are lit – which they assure their friend Dale Denton (Seth Rogan) is the ultimate smoking experience . Then they add: “It's rumoured that M.M. O'Shaughnessy designed the first one – the guy who, uh, designed the Golden Gate Bridge”.
The reference here was to Michael Maurice O'Shaughnessy, a Limerick man who did not in fact design the Golden Gate Bridge, although as city engineer of San Francisco, they commissioned the project and did many other remarkable things, to which we'll return.
But as for their alleged innovations in dope-smoking, this appears to have been a misunderstanding. Saul Silver was almost certainly confusing two different O'Shaughnessys, both born in the 19th century, and both from Limerick. For a stoner, especially, the confusion is forgivable.
William Brooke O'Shaughnessy, the man they probably meant, was a physician mainly, although they distinguished themselves in other fields too.
Born in Limerick in 1809, this O'Shaughnessy spent much of their career in India, where they oversaw construction of that era's internet, the telegraph network. Back in England, it earned them a knighthood in 1856.
What made them a potential hero to some residents of 21st-century Silicon Valley, however, was their earlier research on the therapeutic use of cannabis. They had studied Indian folk remedies involving the drug, then proved they could work in, for example, relieving the pain of rheumatism. In bringing their recommendations back to England, they were first to introduce the concept into western medicine.
They and the other O'Shaughnessy probably never met, although their existences did coincide for about 25 years before the former died in 1889.
By then M.M. O'Shaughnessy had already left their native West Limerick (where, as if to further confuse stoners, they had been born in a place called “Jointer”), graduated in engineering from University College Galway, and emigrated to California.
Twenty-odd years later, they were earning so much from private practice that, when the mayor of San Francisco asked them to become city engineer in 1913, it meant a pay-cut of 50 per cent. Even so, they were persuaded by their SF-born wife to take the job, six years after an earthquake had killed 3,000 and destroyed most of the city.
And for the next quarter of a century, they presided over a series of epic infrastructural projects, including the municipal railway, highways, tunnels, sewers, and a high-pressure fire-fighting system. The work was funded by bond issues, so frequent and extensive that O'Shaughnessy's advocacy for them inspired a joke that their “M.M.” stood for “More Money”. But they were also relentless in their insistence on careful design, to keep costs under control, and in resisting political interference.
Of their greatest project, the 20-year, $100 million dollar Hetch Hetchy water scheme, they boasted that “not a crooked finger had been able to chisel a dollar out of it”.
Its cost aside, the Hetch Hetchy plan was controversial because it involved damming the valley of that name in Yosemite National Park. It also required a 68-mile-long railway and a 156-mile aqueduct, half of it in tunnels, some cut through granite. Alas, O'Shaughnessy didn't quite live to see the epic project realised, dying from a heart attack 16 days before the water finally emerged from taps.
Whatever about William Brooke O'Shaughnessy, M.M. of the same surname would surely have been surprised to hear themselves eulogised in a Hollywood drug comedy. They were by all accounts a very reserved individual and, for an Irishman, surprisingly reticent.
When the San Francisco Examiner wrote in an obituary that they were “never voluble”, this was generally agreed to be an understatement.
Their works were their eulogy, the obit added, and there were plenty of those. Most notable is the O'Shaughnessy Dam at Yosemite, which still stands despite being the subject of one of the longest-running environmental debates in US history.
But the Limerick man's legacy also includes San Francisco's Twin Peaks Tunnel, a railway line under two hills of that name, which was the longest of its kind in the world when it opened, 100 years ago today.
UC Santa Barbara scholars and scientists –– including three of the university's five Nobel Prize winners –– will discuss their research in a series of Ground-breaking Research/Innovative Technology (GRIT) Talks throughout the month of July.
The hourlong talks, two per week, will begin at 5 p.m. in UCSB's MultiCultural Center Theater. Free and open to the public, they offer a rare opportunity to hear from the researchers behind some of the most important discoveries of our time.
Theodore Kim, Oscar-winning professor of media arts and technology, will give the 2013 GRIT Talks keynote address on Monday, July 15, with a lecture titled “Math and Physics Go to Hollywood.”
The series highlight will take place on Monday, July 22, when Alan Heeger, Walter Kohn and Finn Kydland participate in a panel discussion titled “A Night With the Nobel Laureates.” Meredith Murr of UCSB's Office of Research will moderate the discussion.
Heeger, professor of physics and of materials, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2000; Kohn, research professor of physics and founding director of the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1998; and Kydland, the Jeff Henley Professor of Economics and director of the campus's Laboratory for Aggregate Economics and Finance, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2004.
The series begins on Monday, July 1, with Jeffrey Richman, professor of physics, giving a talk titled “From the Big Bang to the Higgs Boson in Less Than an Hour.” Other speakers include Sumita Pennathur, professor of mechanical engineering; Susan Kuzminsky, a doctoral candidate in anthropology; Howard Zisser, adjunct professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering; Joshua Mailman, visiting professor of music; and Katie Byl, professor of electrical and computer engineering.
Pennathur will speak on “Lab-on-a-Chip Devices: How Do We Make Handheld Devices for Healthcare?” on Wednesday, July 3. Kuzminsky will follow on Monday, July 8, with “The Study of Human Bones, Past and Present,” and Zisser will discuss “Should We Trust Our Lives to Technology?” on Wednesday, July 10.
Mailman's talk on Wednesday, July 17, is titled “Diving into Flux: Journeying Among Music Theories and Interactive Multimedia Practices.” The series will conclude with Byl speaking on “Robot Locomotion” on Wednesday, July 24.
The GRIT Talks series is presented by UCSB Summer Session's Research Mentorship Program. The six-week program gives talented high school students the opportunity to participate in cutting-edge research under the direction of faculty members, postdoctoral students, and advanced graduate students.
Choosing their own research topics in areas as diverse as science and engineering, the humanities and fine arts, and the social sciences, students earn eight units of UC academic credit, and present their findings at a two-day symposium that is open to the public.
More information about GRIT Talks and about the Research Mentorship Program is available on the Summer Sessions website by clicking here.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
President Putin appears displeased at losing their man in the Trump administration: Russian warplanes have buzzed a US navy destroyer and a spy ship has appeared off the US coast.
The US Navy has today revealed Russian Su-24 attack jets swooped on the USS Porter in the Black Sea on Saturday NZ time, less than a day after President Trump announced they were 'considering' National Security Advisor Michael Flynn's future.
Mr Flynn's fall from grace - and resignation yesterday - followed controversy over their allegedly close ties to Russian powerbrokers, and their attempts to cover up a series of phone calls to the Russian ambassador.
Now Moscow has suddenly ramped-up its aggressive military posture-making.
In what the US Navy calls 'unsafe and unprofessional' conduct, the destroyer was approached three times by Russian military aircraft which refused to respond to queries.
Meanwhile, a Russian spy ship has been located sitting off the US East Coast amid revelations Russia secretly deployed new medium-range nuclear-tipped cruise missiles - a violation of a 1987 treaty - to two sites in Europe in December.
BLACK SEA BUZZ
In one instance two Su-24 attack jets buzzed the destroyer while flying fast and low, while another incident involved a low-flying Il-38 'Dolphin' surveillance aircraft (Russia's equivalent to the P-3 Orion). A third such 'incident' involved a single Su-24.
"Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation," Captain Danny Hernandez, a spokesperson for US European Command, said in a statement this morning.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Political Roundup: Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Police: Man in custody of health authorities following stabbing of grandfather at Little Rangitoto Reserve in Remuera
Another US official, speaking to Reuters on condition of anonymity, said the closest incident that day involved the lone Su-24, which came within 180 metres of the Porter at an altitude of 90 metres.
#USSPorter during live-fire exercise, Jan. 31, 2017. Porter is conducting naval operations in the U.S. 6th Fleet area of operations. pic.twitter.com/YH8wrkhlxs — Naval Forces Europe (@USNavyEurope) February 2, 2017
All of the Russian warplanes ignored USS Porter's radio calls, and all had their peacetime radar transponders (designed to make it easier to spot them on radar) turned off.
Neither official stated whether or not the Russian warplanes were armed.
The USS Porter had just finished participating in the multinational Sea Shield 2017 joint exercises conducted with Romania.
In April last year two Su-24 attack jets flew simulated bombing runs on the US guided missile destroyer USS Donald Cook in the Black Sea. These aircraft were flying so low they kicked up a 'fantail' of sea spray behind them.
SPY SHIP SIGHTED
Fox News in the US reports defence officials have confirmed a Russian electronic surveillance ship - packed full of sensors and computers designed to sift through communications traffic - was spotted off the US East Coast near Washington DC yesterday.
The ship is in international waters about 110km off Delaware, well outside the 22km national waters boundary.
The ship, the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov, was last seen sailing near the US in April 2015, an official said. The most recent visit by a Russian spy ship was reportedly in September 2015, outside a US Navy submarine base at Kings Bay.
As well as intercepting communications, the ship is designed to record radar and sonar signals which can then be analysed for distinctive 'signatures' and performance characteristics.
The most significant military installation near the Russian spy ship is believed to be the US Navy's nuclear submarine base at New London, Connecticut.
MISSILE MAYHEM
President Trump's promise to improve relations with Moscow faces its most severe test, however, with the revelation Russia has actively deployed a nuclear-capable cruise missile designed in contravention to international arms treaties.
It has been given the designation SSC-8.
While the existence of the intermediate-range cruise missile was revealed earlier during the Obama administration in 2014, this is the first time it has been seen in active service.
The ground-based weapon system is particularly mobile and capable of reaching deep within Europe.
NATO is reportedly considering how to best counter the new weapon - including deploying more advanced antimissile systems and developing its own cruise missile in retaliation to the Russian design.
US officials have told media that one Russian battalion equipped with the banned weapons is based at a test site in southern Russia, near Volgograd. The second battalion was moved to an undisclosed operational base in December.
News of the deployment of the missile comes amid a major reinforcement of NATO's Eastern European states with the deployment of US army tanks and helicopter units, as well as tanks and troops from the UK and Germany.
And the US Strategic Command this morning conducted flight tests of two unarmed Trident II submarine-launched intercontinental nuclear-capable missiles off the coast of California.
- news.com.au
A baby has been taken to hospital after a car hit a pram in the Black Country.
The car collided with the pushchair in Pinfold Street, in Darlaston, around 10.15am.
A West Midlands Police spokesperson said: “There was a collision between a car and a pushchair at 10.15am.
"A baby has been taken to hospital.”
The road is closed between Wolverhampton Street and King Edward Street while investigations take place. Bus diversions are in place.
Our reporter Annette Belcher will be reporting from the scene.
Follow updates below.
Sweetwater County School District #2 has several openings for Educational Aides.
Position Description
Assists teacher in instruction of students, preparation of classroom materials, and program paperwork and contacts
9 months/35 hours per week
Health insurance offered
Wyoming Retirement eligible
.
How to Apply
Apply at the Sweetwater County School District #2 website here.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Citadel's Paul Hamill says 3% 10-year Treasury yields are "certainly psychologically important" to investors.
Citadel Securities LLC, Ken Griffin's market-making company, sees opportunities for expansion in treasuries in Europe and swaps trading.
The firm is significantly growing its treasuries operation in the region and in Asia after hiring Anthony Cronin last month, said Paul Hamill, global head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at Chicago-based Citadel Securities on Bloomberg Television.
“Our model brings fair, transparent liquidity in all market conditions and our model stands out in volatile conditions,” they said in an interview with Francine Lacqua. “There are opportunities because our model is different. We have firm prices on all swaps and treasuries. In calm markets it's harder to see, in volatile markets it's very valuable to investors.”
Hamill said Citadel is outpacing rivals in treasuries and swaps, growing 40 percent compared with the 30 percent volume growth for the industry.
Europe's phased requirements for firms to centrally clear swap trades mean that many more firms will face mandatory clearing this year, providing a boost to Citadel.
“The opportunity is massive in Europe as we go into year end,” said Hamill. Central clearing “opens up a huge pipeline of potential clients to take our swap product out to,” they said.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Two 3-month-old wolverine kits and their mother play in the snow outside their den May 3 in the William O. Douglas Wilderness east of Mount Rainier. The remote cameras are jointly operated by Cascade Carnivore Project and the U.S. Forest Service.
XENIA, Ohio (WDTN) – A military family will now have a place to call home.
The Habitat for Humanity of Greater Dayton dedicated a home in Xenia for the military family Friday.
Gerald and Amanda joined the United States Air Force after graduating from high school.
While in the service, Gerald was injured in the line of duty and the couple worked with Habitat for Humanity for two years and now have a home.
Gerald and Amanda have three children who love to participating in sports at Xenia City Schools.
CASTINE — Firefighting in Downeast Maine isn't what it used to be. Now that many adults in the area work in larger cities such as Ellsworth or Bangor, it's harder for small rural fire departments to find volunteers to respond to emergencies at a moment's notice.
Due to Maine's aging population, it's also more difficult for small departments to find young volunteers to take up the physically demanding tasks of the trade.
The Castine Fire Rescue Department, however, has no such problems. Thanks to the students of Maine Maritime Academy (MMA), the department is almost always fully staffed with a troop of young men and women who are ready, willing and able to respond to the town's emergencies.
“There are not many departments that field a dozen 20-year-olds,” said Assistant Chief Jack Spratt, an MMA graduate and former student firefighter himself. “It's a workforce.”
Once students sign up for the department, the station quickly becomes a second home.
“It's really a home away from the school,” said Kyle Fallon, a 21-year-old marine systems engineering student from South Berwick, who is also a lieutenant at the Fire Department.
“I'll come down here, do homework, hang out with the other firefighters,” they said. “And if the Castine Fire Rescue Department gets a call, we'll put a truck on the road in a minute just because of students being down here.”
Firefighting is in Fallon's blood. Their father was also a student at MMA and the first student officer on the Fire Department. Both father and son served under Fire Chief Randy Stearns.
“These gentlemen are very well trained and well-qualified,” Stearns said, specifically about their two student officers, Fallon and Corey McCoy. As such, they frequently are in charge of the department's response to an emergency.
“I have confidence that these gentlemen can handle a scene or a situation and I could be in Bucksport, Bangor or somewhere else,” Stearns said. “Their skills of leadership have been well-demonstrated over the years. That's why they're in that position.”
Of course, training for emergencies and staying up late on a call can eat into a student's schedule, but Fallon said most of the professors at MMA are very understanding.
“I'm thankful to have professors who allow me to come down and make up any work I may have missed,” said the EMT, who sometimes gets called out of class to respond to a medical call.
As a member of the academy's regiment of midshipmen, Fallon is also supposed to show up for muster at 7 a.m. every day. Luckily, they and their fellow firefighters get an exception after a late call.
“If we're out past midnight we can send an email to our company commander and it's excused,” said the senior. “It's a great perk because the last thing you want to do is be staying at a car accident at 1 a.m. and be thinking, ‘Oh, I've got to get up in six hours.'”
The Fire Department is also an authorized work study site, where students can pay off some of their tuition as they work there.
One of the challenges the senior staff face is making sure the volunteers focus on their studies first.
“We have to make sure we don't involve the students to the point where their studies suffer,” Spratt said. “We're happy to have them, but at the end of the day they're here to get a college education.”
For some students though, the demands of firefighting actually enhance their studies.
“If I wasn't doing this, school would just be so much more miserable,” said McCoy, a 22-year-old marine engineering operations student from Pittsburgh, who is also an officer at the Fire Department.
“You always are up to 11 or midnight doing homework, but to be down here is too much fun.”
The department also allows student firefighters to connect with the town in a way that many other students don't.
“I have a friend who's not in the Fire Department and he'll see me waving to people and he'll ask, ‘How do you know all those people?'” Fallon said.
“And I'll say, ‘Oh, he's a firefighter, he's friends with this guy and so on.' The students that don't leave campus and don't talk with the people in town are missing out.”
“There are kids that will go home every weekend, and they'll say this place is so boring.” McCoy added. “I'll ask, ‘What are you involved in?' and they'll say, ‘Just school.' If you're down here on the Fire Department there's stuff to do every weekend.”
By volunteering with the Fire Department, students also connect with a widespread network of MMA alumni.
“I've got two of our former firefighters who work for me at sea now,” Spratt said. “You're able to vouch for them, like ‘Yeah, these guys have got super level heads, I've seen them deal with car accidents and emergency situations.'”
The MMA students play such an important role that their presence is sorely missed when they're away during the summer.
“Boy do we miss them over the summer months,” said Stearns, who has lived in Castine for most of their life. “They're townies. That's how I look at it.”
A generic drug is a duplicate copy of original branded drug, which has same dosage form, active pharma ingredients (API), strength, route of administration, and also same intended use as the branded one. Regulatory authorities and governments have mandated that an authorized generic drug has to medicinally correspond to the branded drug and sanctioned as an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). An authorized generic is the branded company's individual product, but repackaged and marketed as generic drug either via subsidiary or third party. These are already approved as a New Drug Application by the FDA, only they are promoted via private label. The authorized generics market grew rapidly in the past few years as these provide consumers with branded quality drugs at generic prices. Presently, there is a growing trend of original maker giving approvals to a subsidiary or a private label distribution company to sell its brand name drug as a generic drug at a subsequently low price.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20609
An example of authorized generic drug is Azithromycin Pak which is sold under by the company name Greenstone. Pfizer's original branded drug Z-pak was approved by the FDA. Before patent expiry of Z-pak, Pfizer allowed Greenstone to sell Z-pak using authorized generic name Azithromycin Pak. Greenstone is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer.
The global authorized generics market is expected to witness strong growth. Authorized generic drugs are priced at significantly discounted rate i.e. 50% to 70% as compared to branded counterparts. Additionally, many of the popular branded drugs of pharma companies are losing patent protection rights, which is also termed as patent cliffs. This would pave the way for entry of new complex generics in the market. These factors are likely to drive the authorized generics market in the near future. Other factors driving the market are health care plans by governments across the world, rapidly increasing cost of branded drugs, and aging populations. On the other hand, possibility of side effects, and lack of regulatory awareness about products and quality management are factors likely to restrain the global authorized generics market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=20609
The global authorized generics market can be classified based on product type, application, end-user, and region.
In terms of product type, the global authorized generics market can be segmented into biosimilars, simple generic, super generic, and others. Based on applications the market can be classified into cardiovascular, anti-infective, anti-arthritis, central nervous system, anti-cancer, respiratory, and others.
Geographically, the global authorized generics market can be divided into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America accounted for the largest share of the market, primarily due to technological advancements, rise in demand for generic drugs, increase in overall cost of branded drugs, and presence of key players. Europe held a significant share of the market attributed to advancements in generic drugs, rise in various types of cancer, and blood related disorders. Asia Pacific, however, has been exhibiting high growth rate on account of growing demand for generic drugs, rise in geriatric population, increase in disposable income, and government initiatives to support generic drugs. Rapidly rising population in the region has increased demand for better health care and induced both private and government players to meet the demand. Developing economies such as India and China have also made a significant contribution to the rise of the global authorized generics market by focusing on establishing a better health care infrastructure.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=20609
Key players in the market are Teva Pharmaceuticals, Sandoz, Allergan, Mylan, Sun Pharmaceuticals, and STADA Arzneimittel. Other prominent vendors in the market are Abbott, Amgen, Apotex, Aspen, AstraZeneca, Aurobindo Pharma, Baxter, Berlin-Chemie, Biocon, Biogen, Boehringer Ingelheim, Celltrion, Cipla, Coherus Biosciences, Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Daiichi Sankyo, Eli Lilly and Company, Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Eurofarma Laboratories, Gedeon Richter, Gilead Sciences, and GlaxoSmithKline.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
As self-biased as it might sound, Mickey Harte's claim that Tyrone got “as difficult a draw as we could have got” is not entirely without merit. In facing Cork, the beaten Munster football finalists, in their round four football qualifiers there is some history of the backlash which Harte refers to.
Only not much; last year, just one of the four beaten provincial finalists (Galway) managed to win their fourth round qualifier; the other three (Kildare, Cork and Down) all lost. The year before, 2016, just two out of the four beaten finalists won at the same round four stage.
What Tyrone also bring to O'Moore Park in Portlaoise on Saturday evening is a football qualifier record like no other: only Kerry, who have never lost a qualifier, and Dublin, who have only lost one, boast a higher percentage of wins, but Tyrone have played far more games (see panel), their winning record now standing at 88 per cent, the latest of which came in last Saturday's victory over Cavan.
Since the football qualifiers were first introduced, in 2001, Tyrone have also won two of their three All-Irelands under Harte through the so-called back door, in 2005 and again in 2008. Tyrone's current winning record of 88 per cent comes from 27 wins and only four loses.
With a place in the new Super-8 quarter-final also at stake, no wonder Harte is talking up a big performance from Cork, even though Ronan McCarthy's team are coming off the 3-18 to 2-4 Munster final defeat, their biggest loss to Kerry in 80 years.
“Maybe that's where the sting in the tail is for us, that they will want to kick back with something to raise the standard up to what they know they're capable of playing,” said Harte. “And if they do that, I think it will take a really good performance to beat them.”
Cork did offer some potential with their 1-17 to 0-9 win over Tipperary in the Munster semi-final. “We would have to look more at what they did against Tipperary than what they did against Kerry,” added Harte. “They didn't do themselves justice against Kerry in the final, whereas they had very good form against Tipperary, and we know that Tipperary are no bad team either. So we have to be on our guard.
“There was going to be no easy draw at this stage. If you look at the difficulty factor, I think we have got as difficult a one as we could have got.
All-important game
“Traditionally, over the past decade or more, they have a very good record against us, and we have to be mindful of that. We always found them a difficult team to deal with, so we have to be very conscious of our record against them. It wouldn't be pretty, and we know that this is the all-important game.
“Cork always feel good meeting Tyrone. I think they feel Tyrone is a team that they can manage, that they can handle.”
Actually, it's only their third ever championship meeting, and Cork have won the previous two. They beat Tyrone 5-10 to 2-4 in the 1973 All-Ireland semi-final and 1-13 to 0-11 in the 2009 All-Ireland semi-final, before going on to lose to Kerry.
“They don't see Tyrone as a team that they can't handle,” said Harte, and that's the challenge for us – we have to meet them knowing that that's' their mentality, and knowing that we have to be really good to overcome that.”
Whoever emerges on Saturday evening will be part of the Group Two Super-8 side, with Donegal, Dublin and Roscommon/Armagh; in Group One will be Kerry, Galway, Fermanagh/Kildare, and Laois/Monaghan.
There had been some speculation the Donegal County Board were requesting their opening game against Dublin be fixed for Clones, rather than Croke Park, given Dublin will also have ‘home' advantage for the last game against Roscommon; on consideration, and confirmation those opening round games were fixed for Croke Park under rule, Donegal will be making the trip to Croke Park, that game now confirmed for the Saturday evening, July 14th, at 7.0pm
Football qualifiers – top 5 winning records:
Kerry: 100% W11, L0
Dublin: 90% W9, L1
Tyrone: 88% W27, L4
Donegal: 74%, W20, L7
Mayo: 67% W13, L6
Expectations for full year growth at fruit and vegetable company Total Produce are unchanged despite limited growth in the first half of the year due to unusual weather, the company said.
In a trading update issued to the stock market in advance of the company's annual general meeting (agm) on Thursday, Total said it is targeting “continued growth for 2018 on a like for like basis”, excluding the impact of the Dole foods acquisition.
At the beginning of February the company agreed to acquire a 45 per cent stake in Dole for $300 million (€257 million). The deal, subject to regulatory approval, is expected to close in the second half of this year.
To finance the transaction, Total issued 63 million new ordinary shares raising $180 million.
Also in its trading update the company noted its shareholder dividend will increase by 10 per cent to 2.4527 cent per share. That will be paid on June 1st subject to shareholder approval.
“Total Produce is in a strong financial position and the Dole transaction represents a very significant step and a continuation of the Group's successful expansion strategy,” the company told its shareholders.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
Reverend Jesse L. Jackson Sr. received the highest honor presented by the National Newspaper Publishers Association (NNPA) at its annual convention in Norfolk, Virginia.
The legendary activist received the NNPA Lifetime Legacy Award for their decades of service as one of the country's foremost civil rights, religious and political figures.
After a video tribute that chronicled Jackson's life and a surprise solo performance of “Hero,” by Jackson favorite, Audrey DuBois Harris, the iconic preacher accepted the award from NNPA President and CEO Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis, Jr., and NNPA Chairman Dorothy R. Leavell.
“I'm not easy to surprise,” Jackson told the crowd, which gave them a standing ovation as they headed to the podium to accept the honor.
The Presidential Medal of Freedom winner, Jackson has been called the “Conscience of the Nation,” and “The Great Unifier,” challenging America to be inclusive and to establish just and humane priorities for the benefit of all.
Born in 1941 in Greenville, South Carolina, Jackson began their theological studies at Chicago Theological Seminary, but deferred their studies when they began working full time in the Civil Rights Movement alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
“This honor takes on a special meaning for me because my first job was selling the ‘Norfolk Journal and Guide' newspaper and then the ‘Baltimore AFRO-American' and then the ‘Pittsburgh Courier,'” Jackson said of the iconic Black-owned newspapers. “We couldn't see the other side of Jackie Robinson. We couldn't see the other side of Sugar Ray Robinson,” they said, noting that the Black Press told the full stories of those sports heroes.
They reminisced about the fateful night in Memphis in 1968 when an assassin's bullet cut down King.
“I was with Dr. King on that chilly night in Memphis and I went to the phone to talk to Mrs. King. I couldn't really talk,” they said. “I told her, ‘I think Dr. King was shot in the shoulder,' even though I knew they were shot in the neck. I just couldn't say it.”
During the General Motors-sponsored ceremony, Leavell and Chavis said Jackson has carried King's legacy well.
“We still need him,” Leavell said of Jackson.
Chavis called Jackson a “long-distance runner who's made a difference not only in this country, but all over the world.”
Leavell recalled Jackson's historic run for the presidency in 1984 in a campaign that registered more than 1 million new voters and catapulting Democrats in their successful effort to regain control of the Senate.
Four years later, Jackson ran again, this time registering more than 2 million new voters and earning 7 million popular votes.
“It's a wonder that my neighbors didn't call the police the night they gave that iconic speech at the Democratic National Convention [in 1984],” said Leavell, whom Jackson presided over their wedding ceremony more than 40 years ago. “There was so much emotion that night that I felt, they told me that I could be anything that I wanted to be,” Leavell said, pointing to Jackson and photographers flocked to take pictures of the civil rights leader while holding their coveted NNPA award.
Dubois Harris said Jackson is a “King of a man,” and, although they had been under the weather all week, nothing would stop them from attending Jackson's big night, they said.
“We stand on their shoulders,” Dubois Harris said. “He continues to be a pioneer of civil rights and humanity and he's all that's good and right in the world.”
Over decades, Jackson has earned the respect and trust of presidents and dignitaries and their Rainbow PUSH organization has aided countless Black and minority families with various struggles.
But their work not only has helped the poor or minorities.
In 1984, Jackson secured the release of captured Navy Lt. Robert Goodman from Syria, and they also help shepherd the release of 48 Cuban and Cuban-American prisoners in Cuba.
Jackson was the first American to bring home citizens from the United Kingdom, France, and other countries who were held as human shields by Saddam Hussein in Kuwait and Iraq in 1990.
They also negotiated the release of U.S. soldiers held hostage in Kosovo and, in 2000, Jackson helped negotiate the release of four journalists working on a documentary for Britain's Channel 4 network who were held in Liberia.
Jackson said President Trump should and can be defeated, with the aid of the Black Press, who this year has led a drive to register 5 million new African-American voters.
“The first time I saw an image of Black achievement was in the Black Press,” Jackson said. “Today, the Black Press is more important than ever. This is the season of ‘Fake News,' but we need the truth now more than ever.”
Stacy Brown is an NNPA Newswire Contributor and co-author of “Michael Jackson: The Man Behind the Mask: An Insider's Story of the King of Pop.” Follow Stacy on Twitter @stacybrownmedia.
This article was originally published at BlackPressUSA.com.
Patience paid big time for St. Vincent's Mustangs in their North Coast Section Division 5 quarterfinal game against Ferndale's visiting Wildcats. The Mustangs scored six runs on just five hits and their defense made the modest offense stand good for as 6-2 victory.
St. Vincent took advantage of six walks, two hit batters and a balk to extend its season-long winning streak to 25 games.
Although they aren't overpowering, St. Vincent left-hander Ethan Rapoport mixed their pitches well to subdue the Wildcats on five hits, but walked none in five innings.
Rapoport's baffling curveball often had Ferndale batters hitting off their front feet, resulting in soft outfield flies or infield pops. Third baseman Trent Free and shortstop Reno Nalducci made sparkling defensive plays on ground balls in support of their pitcher.
Trent free wrapped things up with a scoreless seventh, walking a batter but giving up no hits.
St. Vincent took advantage of Ferndale problems to fashion two rallies that were enough to wrap up win No. 25 and advance them to the semifinals.
In the third, four walks and a run-scoring balk mingled with two hits to produce three runs. The big blow in the rally was a sharply hit two-run single up the spine of the diamond by Matt Pierson.
St. Vincent was back in business in the fourth. Walks again played a major part in another three-run rally that had one hit, a single by Gio Antonini. Two walks and two errors frustrated the Wildcats.
That was that.
Antonini and Raporport each had two hits with Pierson's clutch single accounting for the only other Mustang safe blow.
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:45PM NATIONAL football coach Christophe Gamel was hosted to a function at the Vodafone Fiji headquarters in Tamavua, Suva this afternoon.
They were joined by the Fiji FA president Rajesh Patel, Fiji FA outgoing CEO Bob Kumar and technical director Ravinesh Kumar.
Gamel also mingled with the Vodafone Fiji staff and showed some skills and competed with the staff.
Gamel�s first task will be to coach the national side to the 2018 FIFA Stage three World Cup qualifiers against New Zealand and New Caledonia.
A lot can happen to one's reputation in two weeks, as the Tipperary hurlers have discovered. The losers of Galway and Wexford next Saturday will also probably suffer a precipitous drop in the minds of hurling fans. But the other game on Saturday night will test the limits of the Limerick hurling public's optimism for their team, too.
Going into their opening round-robin game against Tipp last Sunday week, Limerick hadn't won a Munster championship game in three years. They won that game, and now find themselves as many people's “dark horse” for the All-Ireland. As Ferris Bueller might say, life moves pretty fast.
In fairness, that win in the Gaelic Grounds isn't the only thing they've done so far to merit that level of confidence. They went to Pearse Stadium in the group stages of the league, absorbed all that Galway had to offer and beat them in a sprint for the line in the game that decided promotion from Division 1B.
They're young, they have size, they have scoring threats, they have had underage success in the recent past to frank that potential, they have a very good manager, and they now have a trip to Pairc Uí Chaoimh to navigate.
So people have every right to be feeling bullish. But when the Limerick Leader had an interview with Ciarán Carey on their back page on Monday, they had to field a few phone calls from disgruntled locals. Carey's (and the paper's) crime? Feeling bullish about their hurling team.
“I believe their journey can go as long as they want it to go – I firmly believe that. I think they smell something this year and it's in their own hands. It's going to take a serious team to beat Limerick this year.”
Dublin footballers
Carey's comments were pretty upbeat, it's true – they also likened their physical development to that of the Dublin footballers. But what might have really got the locals a little annoyed was that, deep down, in places they don't talk about at parties, they agree with him.
The primary reason to be cheerful might well have been Limerick's response to conceding Jason Forde's goal in the 51st minute last Sunday week. They outscored Tipp 1-5 to 0-2 from there to the finish. Having failed to make their early superiority count on the scoreboard, having been pegged back, they went ahead and won the game anyway.
That meant a lot. Too often, as in their two championship defeats last year to Clare and Kilkenny, Limerick played in fits and spurts, but couldn't put it together to get a win. When the pressure came on, they blinked first … but not this year. Not in Pearse Stadium, when Galway came back at them late on, not against Clare in the league quarter-final, and not against Tipperary.
What Limerick people are perhaps most fearful of is basing their optimism on the underage successes of recent years. They've been burned before when waiting on underage, and particularly under-21, wins to convert into senior trophies.
They won three All-Ireland Under-21 titles in a row in 2000-2002, and yet all they had to show for it was an All-Ireland final appearance in 2007 that ended in predictable, but reasonably creditable, defeat to Kilkenny.
Brilliant talents
Séamus Flanagan is the starting full-forward for the Limerick seniors now, but was on the bench for their two latest under-21 successes, in 2015 and 2017. Aaron Gillane is undroppable now, but was left out for a game along the way to the most recent win, too. They are brilliant talents, but their work rate has been questioned in the past – not this year.
The mantra repeated ad nauseam in the aftermath of those triumphs was that the academy system is about producing players for senior. If the wins at the start of the millennium were celebrated as wins in their own right, and the transition to the senior ranks was thereafter left to nature, then this time around the success of an underage team is measured at least as much by the solid preparation of graduates to the top level as it is by silverware.
The age profile of the current team is such that they would have no memory of that three in a row from the start of the century, but institutionally, and as a hurling public, maybe those harsh lessons have been learned.
If we started the 2018 season saying eight teams have realistic ambitions of winning the All-Ireland, then on Saturday night we'll see the four teams not to have those ambitions seriously dented yet.
Waterford, Tipperary, Kilkenny and Clare have all suffered damaging losses. Galway set the standard last Sunday, and Wexford now have a chance to measure themselves directly against the best. Limerick will have a much better idea of just how quickly they are improving by 8.30pm on Saturday night.
Aphorisms have been around since the beginning of medical practice. Essentially medical proverbs, some, but not all, are accurate.
Recently the online medical journal Medscape examined the accuracy of some common medical aphorisms to see whether they deserved their status as received wisdom.
Does the saying “cold hands, warm heart” ring true?
Implying that a cool exterior may mask a person's real underlying warmth, it dates back to a collection of English proverbs published in 1903. But from a physiological point of view, is there any truth to the statement? Can you tell anything about the temperature of a person's core from the temperature of that person's extremities?
There is a dearth of evidence supporting the “cold hands, warm heart” aphorism. Indeed, what evidence is available seems to point in the opposite direction. One study carried out in healthy people found that lower core temperatures in women correlated with lower hand temperatures.
How about “feed a cold, starve a fever”?
This expression, traceable back to the 16th century, implies that those with upper respiratory infection should eat well, but that a lighter diet is preferable in the presence of fever. For treating fever, Hippocrates recommended starvation. But fever increases metabolic rate, suggesting starvation is the wrong approach.
And what about that old reliable recuperative remedy, chicken soup? It supplies liquids, thereby preventing dehydration, and inhaling the warm vapour may moisten the roughened mucous membranes of the nose and throat.
Does “an apple a day keep the doctor away”?
While an exclusive apple diet has yet to be studied, there is a plethora of research to show that consuming several portions of fruits and vegetables daily (apples included), when accompanied by limited consumption of animal-based protein, has health benefits.
So this aphorism, dating back at least to the mid-19th century has stood the test of time.
“Whoever is desirous of pursuing their medical studies must pay a good deal of attention to the different seasons of the year” is credited to Hippocrates.
So does climate influence health? Infectious diseases such as Lyme disease and influenza exhibit strong seasonal trends. As for non-infectious ailments, there is some evidence linking acute episodes of heart disease to cold weather. Pollution levels, which can be strongly related to climate, may presage a worsening of respiratory illness such as asthma. Global warming has already changed the distribution of tropical diseases like malaria and dengue fever and may have an increasing influence on health challenges of the future.
Can the cure be worse than the disease?
Most definitely. This aphorism appears to have its origins in the days of bloodletting, which was certainly worse than any disease it purported to treat.
But the aphorism has outlived now defunct treatments. That renowned creator of medical aphorisms, William Osler, said: “The person who takes medicine must recover twice, once from the disease and once from the medicine.”
And of course there is modern research to show how that a proportion of modern illnesses are iatrogenic – the direct result of treatment or deficiencies in care. Drug-related complications have succeeded the dubious merits of bloodletting.
At the recent DotMD conference in Dublin (of which I am co-organiser), we were spellbound by the author of the book Medical Axioms. Dr Mark Reid is an internal medicine physician in Denver, Colorado. An inveterate tweeter of medical aphorisms, many inspired and moderated by their Twitter followers, Reid has put together a thought-provoking collection. While many deal with medical specifics, others will resonate with a wider audience.
Here are a few examples:
“Almost nothing in medicine is ‘always' or ‘never'. Almost everything is ‘usually', ‘sometimes', ‘often' and ‘rarely'.”
“No patient wants a hurried doctor. Speed up between patients and slow down with them.”
“The further into the future we ask medicine to predict, the less accurate and more expensive it becomes.”
And my favourite:
“Wisdom is the offspring of error and humility.”
mhouston@irishtimes.com
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) " Romania's ruling party is to decide the fate of Premier Sorin Grindeanu and their Cabinet, after the ruling party's leader said they lost confidence in the government.
Social Democratic Party chairperson Liviu Dragnea has reportedly asked Grindeanu to resign several times in recent days, but the premier has refused. The Social Democrats will meet later Wednesday and could withdraw support for the government.
Dragnea has remained tight-lipped on the in-party tensions, but says they are dissatisfied with the government's performance, except in ministries headed by their political allies.
Dragnea cannot be prime minister because they were convicted last year for vote rigging.
Advertisement
Grindeanu moved to decriminalize official misconduct in January sparking huge protests which brought them to withdraw the decree. Critics said Grindeanu's government was backtracking on the anti-corruption fight.
Screenshot: Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc
It's easy to pass over a great game. Not everybody has the time, money, or means to play every critically acclaimed title, and as the years go by, games considered to be “the best” can fall by the wayside.
By the time I was old enough to afford my own consoles, I was stuck in a somewhat stagnant Nintendo rut. It wasn't until a few years after college that I finally picked up a used PlayStation 3 and a few choice titles. Thanks to the PlayStation Network I was able to try out classics like Spyro and Crash Bandicoot long after their late ‘90s heyday. It was thrilling to think that I would get the chance to experience the games so many players had come to love over the past two decades.
Unfortunately, these classic games never seemed to quite live up to the hype I had built up within my own mind.
Even classic Nintendo titles like Super Metroid and EarthBound, that I had skipped over in my youth, were a bit disappointing for me when I finally got around to playing them as an adult. Despite the legions of fans showering them in praise year after year, I just couldn't find much enjoyment in my various attempts to complete them. These weren't bad game in any regard. Just not games suited to my (questionable?) tastes.
Screenshot: Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc
Advertisement
Last month I picked up the Shadow of the Colossus remake for the PlayStation 4. The original game, for those who don't know, was released on PlayStation 2 in the fall of 2005 to rave reviews. Shadow of the Colossus was not a game that I was unaware of; in fact I had heavily considered purchasing the game when it received a high definition remaster on the PlayStation 3. I had heard players go on and on about the game's beautiful environments and simple gameplay for years, but I was worried that the image of Shadow of the Colossus I had in my head would lead to yet another let down.
Games that have a reputation for being the best of a genre, the best of a console, or the best of all time carry an unsettling amount of optimistic expectation. You want to love them before you even play them, because so many others do. Any issues that you find within a critically acclaimed classic seem to cut deeper than those found in new titles. You wonder why no one warned you. These imperfections can shatter the illusion that you were going to finally find this flawless, unmatchable, experience that others told you so much about.
I dove into Shadow of the Colossus 13 years late and managed to complete the campaign on normal difficulty in just over five hours. It was challenging and rewarding, but not without its flaws. Some wacky physics and forced camera angles had seen me squashed underfoot and bludgeoned to death on quite a few occasions, but overall I had enjoyed my journey. I could appreciate the game for what it was and truly understand what made it so appealing.
Advertisement
Illustration: Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc
As I jumped back into the game this week to try out some of the time attack boss battles, it dawned on me that the colossi were a fitting representation of classic video games. They were the personification of the unique gameplay, length, quality, and expectations that make up every critically acclaimed game.
Let's look at a positive example.
Take a gander at Gaius, the sword-wielding giant seen on the left in the illustration above. In my mind they represent Katamari Damacy, the bizarre puzzle game where players are tasked with rolling up everything in their path. My experience with Gaius and Katamari was one of fascination, frustration, and gained confidence.
Advertisement
Illustration: Namco Bandai
I started my battle with Gaius in awe of their monumental majesty, but soon found that I couldn't translate their movements into anything viable. After a few aggravating deaths I realized that I needed to get them to shatter their sword on a hard surface before I could ascend any higher on a mangy limb. Once I had solved this bit of the situation, I made quick work of the big boy and was on my way. Despite a terrible start, it turned into one of my favorite colossi clashes, one I have visited in the boss attack mode multiple times this week.
When I first downloaded Katamari as a digital PS2 title, I was perplexed as to how I had overlooked this colorful and zany cult classic for over a decade. From the moment I heard the upbeat soundtrack and saw the vibrant level design I was hooked. My enthusiasm was soon squashed by the games dual-stick control scheme, which caused me to run into walls and skid past necessary items strewn about the ground. Over time, I got the hang of the controls and started rolling up everything in sight. Katamari Damacy became one of my favorite games.
Advertisement
Colossi and gaming classics can be both be daunting. They can be stressful and time consuming for some, but encouraging and rewarding for others. Even if a player has a good idea about what they're getting into, no battle with a colossi or playthrough of classic game goes as planned the first time around.
When it comes to playing critically acclaimed games years late, it's only fair to expect some imperfections. But that fact shouldn't deter players from attempting to take on a classic challenge and expand their gaming tastes. Just be happy you don't have to ride a horse around an enchanted peninsula to find a copy of Super Metroid.
Rangers reliever Barnette on DL with right shoulder strain
hello
Texas Rangers trainer Kevin Harmon, left, escorts relief pitcher Tony Barnette (43) as they leaf after suffering an injury during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Houston Astros, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston won 5-3. Associated Press
ARLINGTON, Texas -- Rangers reliever Tony Barnette has gone on the 10-day disabled list with a right shoulder strain a day after leaving a game in the middle of a batter.
Barnette had an MRI on Wednesday, though the team didn't immediately reveal or know the results of the exam.
Working the eighth inning in a 5-3 loss to the Houston Astros on Tuesday night, their second inning of the game, Barnette felt something different in their shoulder on their first pitch to Marwin Gonzalez. Barnette (2-0) threw two more pitches before exiting the game.
Texas recalled right-hander Chris Martin from Triple-A Round Rock. Martin was optioned to the minors on Tuesday, but was able to come back before 10 days by replacing a player on the DL.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
There are two types of people in this world: the kind who file taxes early and the kind who stressfully file the night before. But both kinds like free stuff.
To ease the burden of tax day — whether you had to pay or you just can't stop thinking about how much of your paycheck goes to the government — several businesses have stepped in with cheap stuff, from fries to flights.
So get out from under those covers you hid under, the IRS is not coming for you — at least not yet. Most deals are on Tax Day unless noted and at participating restaurants only, so we recommend calling before demanding free subs and buns.
Tax Day 2017 deals around Denver
Arby's: Free curly fries at select locations. Find an Arby's near you and call to see if they are participating.
Boston Market: Half-chicken individual meal with two sides, regular fountain drink, cornbread and a cookie for $10.40.
Bruegger's Bagels: A Big Bagel Bundle with 13 bagels and two tubs of cream cheese for $10.40 until April 19. Claim offer here.
Chili's: $6 blueberry or pineapple margaritas at participating locations. Find Colorado locations.
Chuck E. Cheese's: BOGO large cheese pizzas until April 20. Find a location around Denver.
Cinnabon: Two free Cinnabon bites for eClub members at select locations. Cinnabon has four locations in the Denver area.
Einstein Bros. Bagels: eClub members, check your email and get $1 off your purchase.
Firehouse Subs: A free medium sub with the purchase of another sub, chips and a drink until April 20 with this coupon.
Hooters: Kids under 12 eat free with the purchase of $10 or more by an accompanying adult. Four location in the Denver area.
JetBlue: If you owed money to Uncle Sam, you could win a one-way flight by filling out this form.
Kona Ice: Free cups of tropical shaved ice will be handed out at Bonfils Blood Center Headquarters, 717 Yosemite St.
McDonald's: Specials vary by location (most deals are on Big Macs and Quarter Pounders; you may have heard of them).
National Parks are free through the weekend.
Noodles & Company: $4 off an online purchase of $10 or more with code TAXDAY17. Order here.
Sonic: Half-price, single-patty cheeseburgers all day. Find Sonic locations around Denver.
World of Beer: Free draft beer or $5 off your check. Locations in Cherry Creek, Belmar and Boulder.
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — The creditors of the biggest company in the Balkans, Croatian retailer Agrokor, voted Wednesday to approve a settlement deal that includes giving two Russian banks a stake of over 46 percent.
Some 80 percent of the 450 creditor representatives voted in favor of the deal, which avoids bankruptcy for Agrokor. The company employs 60,000 in the region and accounts for 15 percent of EU member Croatia's economy.
Fabris Perusko, Agrokor's state appointed caretaker, noted that the acceptance of the deal was greater than the two thirds majority required by law.
Agrokor collapsed under the weight of 8 billion euros ($9 billion) in debt, including a disputed sum owed to two Russian state-run banks, Sberbank and VTB. The creditors include foreign and Croatian banks, suppliers and bondholders.
Advertisement
The settlement deal includes corporate restructuring that gives the two Russian banks a big stake in the company, prompting fears in Croatia that the Kremlin has been strategically trying to increase its political influence in the European Union's newest member.
According to the settlement, suppliers can expect to receive 60 percent of their claims on the company debt. Banks will get up to 20 percent, while for bondholders the return will range between 40 and 80 percent of their investment.
The implementation of the deal is expected to last between three to four months after a commercial court formally approves it.
Ivica Todoric, Agrokor's founder and former owner, is fighting an extradition order in London after fleeing there last year, following accusations back home that they syphoned millions from the company funds and mismanaged the firm.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
/ Front page / News
ACTING Prime Minister and Attorney General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum has called on Pacific leaders to develop strategies that will help keep the interest of Pacific Islanders on top of the international and regional development agendas.
While opening the Pacific Multi-Stakeholder Dialogue on the implementation of the 2030 Agenda, Samoa Pathway and Framework for Pacific Regionalism at the Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat yesterday, Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said with the region comprising small island nations with large oceans, its engagement with the rest of the world was vital for its success.
"We have to be fully committed to the frameworks that will shape global development in the years to come. But we cannot be passive actors, we have to be advocates for the unique challenges that our region presents to our development. We cannot accept any "one-size-fits-all" approach," they said.
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said the Pacific needed solutions and strategies that were tailored to the geographic, cultural and social realities that face the Pacific.
"But it falls on us to highlight those challenges and identify how regional and international frameworks can be implemented in ways that have the greatest possible impact on our development and ultimately, on the welfare of our individual citizens.
"Our development priorities have already been clearly mapped on to the universal 2030 Agenda. The next step is for us to develop a regional roadmap towards achieving those priorities."
They said the Pacific needed to look back on its experience implementing the targets of the Millennium Development Goals.
"I think we can all agree that the Pacific as a whole could have done much better in achieving those targets," they said.
"Our progress was slow and uneven on issues that mean a great deal for the wellbeing of our citizens, including for the Fijian people."
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said the Pacific needed to think outside of the box to come up with more creative solutions going forward.
Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat deputy secretary general Cristelle Pratt said the regional roadmap was expected to complement national action and outline measures to strengthen co-ordination and co-operation between countries as well as between the development partners working in the Pacific.
Friendship Center Adult Day Services is excited to announce the second workshop in its 2013 Caregivers Educational Series, at 6 p.m. Wednesday, June 26 at the Friendship Center in Goleta and facilitated by Patti Teel of Senior Helpers.
Hosted in conjunction with Live Oak Unitarian Universalist Congregation and the Rev. Thomas Anastasi, the 90-minute presentation will be held in the sanctuary at Live Oak, 820 N. Fairview, also the site of Friendship Center Goleta. The event is free to the community, and no reservations are required.
This informative workshop will focus on 15 tips for family members caring for older adults with memory loss or a diagnosis of dementia. Topics will include important tips for families affected by Alzheimer's disease, enhancing communication with health-care providers and practical caregiving tips for everyday living.
» David Troxel, MPH, “5 Important Things All Families Affected by Alzheimer's Should Know”
Nationally and internationally known for their writing and teaching in the field of Alzheimer's disease and long-term care, Troxel has co-authored four influential books on Alzheimer's care. They serve as a program consultant to the Alzheimer's Association California Central Coast Chapter in Ventura, Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties.
» Robert Harbaugh, M.D., “Five Tips for Enhancing Contact with Your Health Care Professional”
Dr. Harbaugh has practiced neurology in Santa Barbara since 1983 and co-founded Neurology Associates of Santa Barbara in 1989.
An active teacher in the internal medicine training program at Cottage Hospital and an Assistant Clinical Professor at USC School of Medicine, Dr. Harbaugh received their undergraduate degree from Stanford University and M.D. from University of California, San Diego. They completed their residency in neurology at the Mayo Clinic, where in addition, they finished a fellowship in neurophysiology.
» Heidi Holly, executive director of the Friendship Center, “Five Practical Caregiving Tips for Everyday Living”
Everyone caring for someone with Alzheimer's or other cognitive disabilities can use help with the challenges of everyday living. Holly has been executive director of the Friendship Center for nearly three decades and can offer usable suggestions to make day-to-day life easier for caregivers as well as care receivers. They will also discuss essential factors in selecting an adult day care center.
Adult day services “Share the Care” and are a cost-effective approach to the treatment of adults whose ability to live independently is threatened or compromised.
A fully licensed, nonprofit, social model adult day services center, Friendship Center has two locations — on the property of All Saints-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church in Montecito, and on the campus of Live Oak in Goleta.
Click here for more information. For a tour and trial visit, free of charge, call 805.969.0859.
— Justine Sutton is the grants and development coordinator for Friendship Center Adult Day Services.
U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at a "Salute to Service" dinner held in honor of the nation's military at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, U.S., July 3, 2018. Source: Reuters/Leah Millis
US President Donald Trump has lashed out at critics of their diplomatic efforts with North Korea claiming they are responsible for averting war, despite reports that Pyongyang has increased nuclear production since their agreement to denuclearise.
Trump took to Twitter to claim Tuesday that talks with North Korea were progressing “well,” citing the lack of weapons tests as a sign of the talk's success.
“Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well!” they tweeted. “In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months.
“All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!”
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2018
Their remarks come three days after US intelligence agencies told NBC they believe North Korea has increased its production of fuel for nuclear weapons at multiple secret sites in recent months. They also claim North Korean leader Kim Jong-un may try to hide those facilities as they seek more concessions in nuclear talks with the Trump administration.
The contact between the two former enemies follows on from a vague agreement reached following the historic Singapore summit in June.
Central to the agreement was a commitment to “complete denuclearisation” of the Korean peninsula. The pledge did not, however, include any indication of timeline or how and if denuclearisation would be verified.
SEE ALSO: North Korea continues upgrade of nuclear reactor despite summit pledges
The job of hashing out the details of the arrangement have been left to Trump's team, including Secretary of State Mike Pompeo who is due to arrive in North Korea on Thursday.
Trump has boasted that the agreement has ended the decades-long feud and ensured North Korea is “no longer a Nuclear Threat” despite their own administration acknowledging “an unusual and extraordinary threat” from Pyongyang's nuclear arsenal to extend decade-long sanctions.
Just landed – a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong-un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 13, 2018
On top of evidence from US intelligence agencies, North Korea monitoring group 38 North found Pyongyang is pushing forward with improvements to the only known nuclear reactor used to fuel its weapons programme.
Satellite imagery taken nine days after the Singapore summit show the rapid pace of improvements being made to the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Centre.
Despite the continued activity, 38 North stress this shouU.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at a “Salute to Service” dinner held in honor of the nation's military at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, U.S., July 3, 2018. REUTERS/Leah Millisld not be given as an indication of leader Kim Jong-un's willingness to denuclearise.
SEE ALSO: Hotline Kim: Trump says they have given a direct phone line to North Korea
“The North's nuclear cadre can be expected to proceed with business as usual until specific orders are issued from Pyongyang,” the report said.
But former CIA analyst and North Korea expert at the Heritage Foundation, Bruce Klingner, disagrees and sees the continued expansion as inconsistent with the North's promises.
“The observed activity appears inconsistent with a North Korean intent to abandon its nuclear weapons programs,” they told NBC.
“There seems little reason to continue expansion plans if the regime intended to dismantle them as would be required under a denuclearisation agreement.”
The Sports Apparel Market Report covers in detail information of Global Strategies, market figures, Regional analysis and others. The report is easier to make a decision and can cover the required assessment and helps to drive the stronger business.
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE119
GLOBAL SPORTS APPAREL MARKET was valued at USD 144.74 Billion in the year 2017. Global Sports Apparel Market is further estimated to grow at a CAGR of 5.13% from 2018 to reach USD 195.4 Billion by the year 2023. North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 and Asia-Pacific market is considered as the fastest growing market in the forecasted period. At the country level, developed markets like China as well the emerging markets like India with the highest population base holds the notable market share in 2017 and it is projected to grow strongly in the coming years.
Nike Inc. (U.S), Adidas Group (Germany), PUMA SE (Germany), Fila Inc. (South Korea), Umbro International (U.K), BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy), Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S), Converse (U.S) are some of the key players in the Sports Apparel market. Rising research and development expenses to cater changing demand of end users, similarly, growth strategies such as acquisition, merger, and expansion of the distribution network were few techniques adopted by most Tier 1 and Tier 2 manufacturers in recent years.
Drivers:
Increasing consciousness about the fitness
Restraints:
Availability of low quality
Opportunities:
Increasing involvement of women's in games and fitness
Challenges:
Increasing number of fake products
The Global Sports Apparel Market is segmented by user, by platform, by region in projected years. Amongst various platform segment, online stores are expected to hold the highest market share and is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the year 2018-2023.
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Sports Apparel Manufacturers, Distributors and Retailers
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations, Forums, Alliances and Associations
End-use industries
Regulatory bodies, policy actors, and consumers.
By User
Kids
Men
Women
By Platform
Online Stores
Retail Stores
Factory/Brand Outlets
Supermarket
Showrooms
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1 Nike Inc. (U.S)
2 Adidas Group (Germany)
3 PUMA SE (Germany)
4 Fila Inc. (South Korea)
5 Umbro International (U.K)
6 BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy)
7 Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S)
8 Converse (U.S)
Table Of Content
1. Introduction
1.1 Market Vision
1.1.1 Market Definition
1.1.2 Market Scope
1.2 Limitations
1.3 Stakeholders
2. Research Methodology
2.1. Research Process
2.1.1. Secondary Research
2.1.1.1. Key Data from Secondary Research
2.1.2. Primary Research
2.1.2.1. Key Data from Primary Research
2.1.2.2. Breakdowns of Primary Interviews
2.2. Market Size Estimation
2.2.1. Bottoms-Up Approach
2.2.2. Top-Down Approach
2.2.3. Annual Revenue Process
2.3. Data Triangulation
2.4. Research Assumptions
2.4.1. Assumption
3. Executive Summary
4. Market Overview
4.1. Introduction
4.2. Drivers
4.3. Restraints
4.4. Opportunities
4.5. Challenges
4.6. Regulations
4.7. Supply Chain/Value Chain Analysis
4.8. Patent & Standards
5. Industry Trends
5.1. Introduction
5.2. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
5.2.1. Threat of New Entrants
5.2.2. Threat of Substitutes
5.2.3. Bargaining Power of Buyers
5.2.4. Bargaining Power of Suppliers
5.2.5. Intensity of Competitive Rivalry
6. Sports Apparel Market, By User
6.1. Kids
6.2. Men
6.3. Women
7. Sports Apparel Market, By Platform
7.1. Online Stores
7.2. Retail Stores
7.2.1. Factory/Brand Outlets
7.2.2. Supermarket
7.2.3. Showrooms
8. Geographical Analysis
8.1. Introduction
8.2. North America
8.2.1. U.S.
8.2.2. Canada
8.2.3. Mexico
8.3. Europe
8.3.1. Germany
8.3.2. France
8.3.3. U.K.
8.3.4. RoE
8.4. Asia Pacific
8.4.1. China
8.4.2. Japan
8.4.3. India
8.4.4. RoAPAC
8.5. RoW
8.5.1. Latin America
8.5.1.1. Brazil
8.5.1.2. Argentina
8.5.1.3. Rest of Latin America
8.5.2. Middle East and Africa
9. Company Profiles
(Business Overview, Financial Overview, Product write Up, Recent Developments)
9.1. Nike Inc. (U.S)
9.2. Adidas Group (Germany)
9.3. PUMA SE (Germany)
9.4. Fila Inc. (South Korea)
9.5. Umbro International (U.K)
9.6. BasicNet S.p.A. (Kappa) (Italy)
9.7. Ralph Lauren Corporation (U.S)
9.8. Converse (U.S)
(A brief overview of another 13 companies is also provided)
10. Competitive Analysis
10.1. Introduction
10.2. Market Positioning of Key Players
10.3 Competitive Strategies Adopted by Leading Players
10.3.1. Investments & Expansions
10.3.2. New Product Launches
10.3.3. Mergers & Acquisitions
10.3.4. Agreements, Joint Ventures, and Partnerships
11. Appendix
11.1. Questionnaire
11.2. Available Customizations
11.3. Upcoming Events (Trade Fair, Exhibitions, Conferences)
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https://genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/120/25/Sports-Apparel-Market
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:15 Watch the preparation before using helicopters to drop bags of rock into hole at Oroville Dam
0:49 Evacuees jam Marysville gas stations
0:37 Tempers flare in Marysville traffic
0:55 Evacuees wait to fill gas tanks at Quik Stop on Hwy 99 and Bogue Road
1:10 Shelter quickly fills with Oroville dam evacuees
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stan Collymore has revealed the naked truth about their faith in Aston Villa to get promoted.
Collymore is not entirely convinced Villa will be able to clinch an automatic top two spot despite Steve Bruce's men putting themselves among the chasing pack.
In actual fact, the former Villa striker would be grateful if their old club could grab a top six finish.
Asked if Villa will get promoted with Bruce, Collymore replied: "I'll run naked around St Andrew's for top 6."
Given the winter freeze, it is quite a promise/threat from Collymore to streak around the home of Villa's fierce rivals Birmingham City if Bruce and co finish in the play-off places.
Their comment came after a frustrating 0-0 draw against Millwall which left Villa fifth in the table with 37 points from 21 matches.
Bruce gave a candid admission about their side's performance after the match.
They said: "I think I better be honest, it was a struggle against a very decent Millwall side who put us under pressure, asked questions of us, put the ball forward, were genuine, honest.
"Let's be fair, we'll take a point. It hurts me to say it but we didn't have enough, in wide areas , through the middle of the pitch.
"We didn't have enough control, we found it very difficult against their front people, so all in all it was a very difficult afternoon.
Listen to our latest podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
"You take the point and move forward, but certainly we have to do better than that.
"But these things happen, That's what football is. Sunderland have gone to Wolves and got a point with 10 men, that's the way it is.
"We didn't play any football at all, we got sucked into the way they play.
"Yes you've got to win the physical battles and things in the air but you've also got to have that courage to play.
"Too often we gave it away. We looked sloppy, we looked lethargic.
"For the people who have seen it, there are no excuses. We've got to be better than that."
SIGN HIM UP
Sam Johnstone's Villa team-mates would love Steve Bruce to sign the Manchester United goalkeeper permanently.
Left-back Neil Taylor has revealed how impressed the Villa players have been with Johnstone and insists it is better for them to be playing competitively with Bruce's team than sitting on the sidelines at Old Trafford.
Johnstone initially joined Villa on loan last January before they were recruited again for the season - and the claret and blues want to keep him, but parent club United cast doubt over a full transfer next month when it was reported they were set to trigger a clause to extend their Old Trafford contract beyond the end of the season.
"I'd like to see them here permanently — any player playing as well as that you would like to keep," Taylor said.
"But clubs like United don't extend your deal for no good reason.
"Sam can be as good as they want — he's still a young goalkeeper.
"He should kick on from here and the sky's the limit for Sam.
"But the most important thing is he's playing football at a decent level — he's not sitting on the bench in the Premier League."
An employee of France's consulate in Jerusalem was charged in Israel with arms trafficking after they allegedly used a diplomatic car to smuggle weapons from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank.
Romain Franck, 24, was arrested Feb. 19 on suspicion of helping the Hamas militant group that rules Gaza move pistols and assault rifles between the two Palestinian territories, France's Le Figaro newspaper reported Sunday. They and five Palestinians, including one who worked as a security guard at the French consulate, were indicted Monday in an Israeli court.
The immunity and rights extended to foreign diplomats were cynically exploited to transport weapons that could be used for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians, an unnamed official said in a statement from Israel's Shin Bet security service.
The French Embassy in Tel Aviv said Monday morning it would issue a statement, but had not commented by mid-afternoon. An embassy official was quoted in Israel's Ynet as saying that the case was being taken very seriously.
Motivated by the payment they received, Franck smuggled weapons on five separate occasions in recent months, using a diplomatic car to avoid security checks, prosecutors said in a statement. The Shin Bet said they transported 70 pistols and two assault rifles. Franck's bosses in the French mission are not believed to have known of their actions, the Shin Bet said.
Franck received the weapons from a Palestinian man who worked for the French Cultural Center in Gaza, and delivered them to a West Bank contact who sold them to arms dealers, prosecutors said.
WASHINGTON — The Volcker Rule has developed a reputation in the banking industry as one of the most vexing and resented post-crisis regulatory reforms.
The industry derides the proprietary trading ban enacted in the Dodd-Frank Act as costly, its standards vague and subjective, and its benefits few. The Trump administration has heard those concerns, and agencies have made efforts individually and together to reduce the compliance burden. But reforming a rule bound to a strict statute is not easy. Regulators must choose between subtle but expedient pin-prick changes or a more drastic overhaul that could take more time.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin explained at a conference in May what they see as the main problem with the Volcker Rule: its subjectivity. They indicated that the rule could be simplified with a more objective distinction between in-house trades, which are banned, and permitted trades done on behalf of a client.
"This should be relatively simple," said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin of the Volcker Rule in May. "If you're sitting in a customer business and you're doing customer trades ... I think the right thing to conclude is that you're acting within the context of the customer business." Bloomberg News
“The biggest problem with the Volcker Rule right now is, we all know that when you're sitting in a room with two Bloombergs and a telephone and that's all you do, that's proprietary trading,” Mnuchin said. “But this should be relatively simple. If you're sitting in a customer business and you're doing customer trades and you're facilitating the business … I think the right thing to conclude is that you're acting within the context of the customer business.”
In its June regulatory blueprint, the Treasury Department said that, while the Volcker Rule doesn't need to be scrapped entirely, a handful of critical areas require immediate attention. Specifically, the report called for changes to the definition of proprietary trading; changes to the compliance programs at the agencies; changes to the definition of covered funds; a carve-out for community banks; and greater coordination among bank regulators in their enforcement and enforcement guidance policies.
Timothy Keehan, vice president and senior counsel at the American Bankers Association's Center for Securities, Trust and Investments, said the industry's expectation is that the regulators are taking a comprehensive look at the rule.
“The regulators want to take a look under the hood and see what they can do to make this Volcker vehicle run better,” Keehan said. “Now, the question is how much work the car needs … but I think they want to take a look at the engine itself and see if the engine needs repair.”
But Andy Green, managing director of economic policy at the Center for American Progress, said the statute itself is uncommonly specific in how it treats certain definitions and requirements related to the Volcker rule, meaning the regulators face constraints in their quest to loosen the terms of the rule.
“The statute is one of the most specific and binding parts of Dodd-Frank in general,” Green said. “The regulators don't have unlimited flexibility.”
Green said those restrictions will likely lead the regulators to conclude that, at least as it pertains to some aspects of the rule that the Treasury objected to in its report, regulators have two choices in changing the effect of the rule.
“One is reopening the rule itself and attempting to do a new regulation that undoes some of the choices that ended up in the regulation,” Green said. “The second approach is leaving the regulation in place but lightening up the enforcement and implementation of that regulation. I think that is the more likely scenario for a variety of reasons.”
Mike Alix, a partner and the financial services consulting risk leader at PricewaterhouseCoopers, agreed that there are clear advantages — both in terms of expediency and flexibility — to making supervisory changes outside of formal rulemaking. But there are risks to such a move as well, such as inconsistency between agencies and the potential for legal challenges to supervisory changes that some parties think go too far.
“They can do it internally rather than publicly,” Alix said. “They can have their examination schedule, the scope of examination, the questions they ask, etc. That's a bit risky — it's always safer to do it within the formality of rulemaking.”
Among the changes outlined in the Treasury report are relatively straightforward, including the steps on how different agencies that enforce the rule interact with each other. (Regulators responsible for the rule including the banking agencies — Federal Reserve Board, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. — and the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.)
The agencies could undertake those changes informally via some non-regulatory measure, like an interagency memorandum of understanding. But others, like the definitions of "proprietary trading" or "covered funds," would require a formal regulatory change.
The agencies have already started on a change to the rules aimed at either exempting or substantially reducing the Volcker Rule compliance burden for community banks, but that work may be rendered moot by the regulatory reform package moving though the Senate, which includes a carve-out from Volcker compliance for banks with less than $10 billion in assets.
The agencies also appear to be focusing their attention on addressing definitions of key terms as well as a provision known as “rebuttable presumption” that was baked into the existing Volcker regulations. That provision essentially puts the burden on the financial institutions to prove that a particular trade is within the confines of the Volcker rule, Keehan said, rather than putting the burden on the agencies to prove that it is not. Keehan said that provision has been especially troubling to banks.
“That goes into the head of a trader,” Keehan said. “You want to make it as objective as possible and not make it a psychological or speculative exercise. So to get rid of the rebuttable presumption I think goes a long way toward resolving that issue.”
Alix said that, even in those narrow areas — particularly as it pertains to the covered funds definition —the statute makes it challenging to offer the kind of relief that banks would likely prefer. A more generous interpretation would likely require legislative changes, which may not be forthcoming in the near term.
“Some of those things, particularly the covered funds stuff, would require congressional action,” Alix said. “But whatever they can do away from legislative action, they're trying to do.”
Green said that regulators may run up against challenges particularly in revisiting the rebuttable presumption clause. The law says that proprietary trading is forbidden, while market making and hedging are allowed, they said, and it would be hard to construe the law in such a way that puts the onus on regulators.
“Rebuttable presumption really arises from the statute,” Green said. “Even if it's not formally in the statute, it pushes in that direction. How much they could mess around with that within the regulation and not run afoul of what a court says? Debatable.”
The challenges of developing an interagency rule — even one where all five agencies are on the same page and agree on the principles at stake — are considerable, as evidenced by the uncommonly long time it took the Obama administration to develop the first proposed rule, which was published in December 2013, implementing the Dodd-Frank measure.
Thomas Vartanian, a partner at Dechert LLP and former regulator, said that what a new rulemaking implementing future reforms will look like will depend a great deal on which of the agencies takes the lead in crafting the actual regulatory language, and the extent to which the specifics are left to the agencies or are dictated from the top-down or bottom-up.
“In any interagency effort to write or rewrite a rule, the agency that has the power of the pen has a lot to say about how the rule ends up,” Vartanian said. “But it also depends on whether the policy goals are set from the top or bubble up from the staff.”
Alix said that, in this case, there is reason to believe that the agencies will have their ducks in a row to a greater extent than they did when they issued the rule initially under the Obama administration. Each has a few years of experience implementing the rule, they said, and have a better idea of where the pressure points are than they might have had at the outset.
“I think there is real promise for better cooperation and collaboration than there has been,” Alix said. “They will be constrained by their statutory authorities, but they will be better in terms of having a consensus view on what to do and divvying up among the various agencies responsibilities for doing it.”
Keehan agreed, saying they expected a proposal to emerge from the agencies “in the first part of next year.”
But Green said that regulators should keep an eye toward the supervisory value of the Volcker rule. They said they should not be taken in too deeply by the banks' argument that the Volcker rule is too hard to comply with because it requires regulators to ascertain an individual trade's intent.
They said banks know — and regulators can determine — whether a trade is meant to fulfill market-making or hedging goals, or short-term proprietary gains, and one of the regulatory advantages of the Volcker rule is that it requires the banks to keep track of what their traders are doing and why.
“Are there [traders] … engaged in moving the apples off the shelf so there aren't a lot of spoiled apples there? Or are they engaged in putting a lot of apples in a warehouse out back because they think the price of apples is going to go up?” Green said. “That is a knowable thing, from looking at customer turnover, inventory — you can know that, and if you don't know that, you have a big risk management problem.”
Tiger Woods has cancelled a press conference ahead of the Genesis Open as they continue to struggle with the back spasms which forced their withdrawal from the event.
Woods had been due to speak to the media on Tuesday as the tournament benefits their foundation, but initially postponed the press conference at Riviera Country Club by 24 hours.
Tournament organisers then announced late on Tuesday evening that Woods has been “advised by doctors to limit all activities” as they try to recover from the spasms which saw their latest comeback aborted earlier this month.
“This is more precautionary,” Woods's agent Mark Steinberg told ESPN.com.
“This isn't about them not doing a press conference. What is going to be accomplished? What are they going to say? That they hope their back spasms calm down.
“This is about the Genesis Open, the Tiger Woods Foundation and supporting Hyundai and their foundation.  They are doing all they can without having to get up and move around all that much so that they can put themselves in the best position to recover.
“He is just having a hard time getting these spasms to calm down. And he's working on that on an hourly basis. He's got personnel working with them to help pacify that.”
Woods insisted they had not been in pain after an opening 77 in the Omega Dubai Desert Classic, but pulled out of what was just their third event since August 2015 before the second round.
Steinberg said at the time Woods was pleased it was a spasm, rather than the nerve pain caused by a back injury which required three operations in the space of 19 months.
However, a week later Woods also pulled out of the Genesis Open and Honda Classic and no date has been set for the 14-time major winner's return to action.
ADVERTISEMENT
In their first 322 starts as a professional, Woods withdrew from just five events. In their last 19 starts, they have withdrawn four times.
When it was suggested to Steinberg that the long-term prospects look bleak, they added: “To the outside world, it's up to you to draw that conclusion.
“Tiger remains pretty confident in the fact that these spasms are something they know will calm down. He's just working around the clock to make that happen.
“He's got an intense dedication to get back to the point where they can be out there practising and in public and working toward their goal.”
BERLIN (AP) — The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says they plan to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin.
Andrea Nahles, the chairperson of the center-left Social Democrats, said they would take part in a demonstration Tuesday outside publisher Axel Springer's Berlin offices, where Bezos is to be presented with an award for their "visionary entrepreneurship" in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post.
Nahles argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize.
 They are seeking to boost their party's profile after a disastrous election result last year and its decision to enter the new German government as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel's junior partner.
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014. Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington's athletic department for four years. They were the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10, covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond. He's also been The Sacramento Bee's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders. The native of Steubenville, Ohio, is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., and a 2000 graduate of the University of California, Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
“I love my hair and my tattoos because they were my ‘fuck you' to the riot police, to the Egyptian regime, to the patriarchy generally and to anyone who thinks they can silence feminist revolutionaries who are freeing us all,” says flame-haired Egyptian feminist writer, Mona Eltahawy.
“I also make fucking amazing coffee,” they told The Irish Times Women's Podcast as part of the Self Esteem episode.
This week's show turns the traditional New Year's resolution on its head and has gathered women of all ages to share what it is they like about themselves, instead of focusing on what they need to change in 2017.
Here are a few of the highlights:
“What I like about myself is my generosity. I would give someone the shirt off my back, even if the person didn't need a shirt, which sometimes does happen.” – Writer and creator of RTÉ's Can't Cope, Won't Cope, Stefanie Preisner.
“I think I take the important things seriously but I try not to take myself too seriously and I hope I can laugh at myself.” – Amy Huberman, actor and writer.
“What I like about myself is that I'm 56 years old and I feel that I've proved what I need to prove and I don't have to do that anymore.” – Anne Furedi, head of the British Pregnancy Advisory Service.
“I'm kind. If there's an opportunity for me to help in a situation, I always will. I also like that I'm intuitive and empathetic. I understand people and situations very quickly and I also like that I always stand my round.” – Author, Marian Keyes.
“I'm still here, still fighting fit. I like that as the years have gone by I've become even more of a feminist than when I was younger and I love that we have this fantastic movement fighting for the repeal of the eighth amendment. I'm so pleased and delighted to be part of that.” – Alibhe Smyth, convenor of the Coalition to Repeal the 8th Amendment.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I like my courage. It has brought me to the most interesting places and into the most interesting moments in my life. And to say I like it is strange, because in Ireland we aren't comfortable saying what we like about ourselves. But it's also strange because courage is complicated. Sometimes my courage is a bit naive, a bit mad and terrifying.” – Simone George, lawyer and activist.
“I don't know if this sounds a bit weird to say about myself but I really enjoy my own sense of humour… I don't know if it's the done thing to say, ‘I am so effing funny', but anyway, I am so effing funny.” – Journalist, Tanya Sweeney.
We want to hear what you like about yourself.
Email thewomenspodcast@irishtimes.com or message us on Facebook or Twitter @ITWomensPodcast.
Individual episodes of the podcast are available on Soundcloud, iTunes, Stitcher and on irishtimes.com.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The spread of news emanating out of the US based, we have long assumed, on facts has become a battle between media on partisan lines.
We in the Western World are getting an altered version of facts, depending on the political bent of the newspaper or the television channel. I don't mean political events in New Zealand are being reshaped; not the country considered the least corrupt in the world.
But watch CNN one night, Fox News another, and you have two opposite versions of what has supposedly happened in, let's say, Syria. Or in American politics. It's important we know the actual facts, the truth if you will, as international events affect New Zealanders' lives, some significantly.
Take the subject of Donald Trump. Depends on who's telling the story. Last week I ended my subscription to the International New York Times, after nine years of faithful reading, because I was sick and tired of every columnist piling into Trump.
Not that I like the man. Who does? But it insults readers' intelligence to assume we want a relentless anti-Trump message rammed into our reading eyes by every single columnist. It isn't news and it certainly is not informative. And he's such an easy figure, inbuilt that they are with ego, contradictions, thin skin, you name it.
But are we being told the truth about the American President? Or are we getting the rantings of peeved pro-Democrats and left-wing journalists who refuse to accept their own democratic system put this man in the presidential office?
I watched an esteemed New York Times columnist interviewed on television and every negative mention of Trump they personalised. Gets to the Trump-ordered bombing of the Syrian airbase - a rather smart move, the man agreed - they were proud of their country and not a mention of Trump.
If everyone got off Trump's case, stopped second-guessing the motives behind their every decision, maybe vanity and huge ego will have them wanting history to remember them fondly? On Syria, Westerners know virtually nothing of that country's sectarian divide. We know only that America, having toppled Iraq's awful dictator, Saddam Hussein, and helped get rid of the appalling Muammar Gaddafi, still hasn't learned that Middle Eastern countries, at least for their foreseeable future, can only operate with a strongman in charge.
Continued below.
Related Content Alan Duff: Let's have more festivals Alan Duff: Educate disaffected Maori youth to become part of society, not on the outside glaring in Video Watch: Syrian strike drone footage
How can we be sure that Assad ordered the use of chemical weapons recently? Who do we count on to inform us of the truth, give us the plain facts? Not saying the Syrian dictator is innocent, and certainly as far from angel form as it gets. But he's presumed guilty, without a trial, only the use of images of suffering Syrian citizens he's supposed to have gassed.
But was they responsible? Absolutely yes, the entire Western World believes. It wasn't Isis? A bomb landing on one of their chemical weapon stockpiles? It would really help to know, as subsequent decisions made by the US will ultimately affect all of us.
What are the facts? Who tells us? Whom do we count on to tell us the unvarnished truth? No government tells the truth. So it's up to the media.
What are the facts? Who tells us? Whom do we count on to tell us the unvarnished truth? No government tells the truth. So it's up to the media. Whom do we believe when competing media are misinforming, twisting and manipulating, even inventing the facts? Where does that leave us, the supposed free citizens living in free countries? Example: Putin is a monster. Yep, they sure are. Irrefutable. Hello? In St Petersburg I was told by every Russian I spoke to that they love Putin.
The American media reaches out around the globe. The public have no other means of getting information on virtually anything, or not what can be called facts. As one united voice it goes on about human rights. Shame on China, Russia and a host of other minor players.
Meanwhile, in their own backyard in the land of the free, 2.3 million people are in prison, over half of those black. Tens of thousands are doing life sentences without parole. The moral high ground? Some - some - pharmaceutical companies impose unjustified price increases of several thousand per cent on their products and laugh all the way to the bank. And enjoy honoured status in society. Many international corporates sell chemically doctored food products that do damage on a far vaster scale than Assad's purported acts of martial venality. Let's get stuck into them, too.
America still has some chemical weapons stockpiles. Which they never mention, like so many other inconsistencies are not spoken about. We need to demand the truth while there is still a chance the media will bow to our demands. Otherwise consider it all just "news" like tittle-tattle over the back fence.
- NZ Herald
New figures have revealed that at least 296 people with disabilities are on social housing waiting lists in Kildare, according to one of the country's largest charities.
Rehab, Ireland's largest independent charity for people with disabilities, says the Government is failing people with disabilities by not providing them with their basic human rights.
They claim that access to appropriate social housing remains a major stumbling block for people with disabilities.
Rehab has now reiterated its call for the Government to ratify the UN Convention on the Rights of People with Disabilities (UNCRPD).
Kathleen O'Meara, Rehab's Director of Communications and Public Affairs has called on the government to prioritise people with disablities.
“Ireland really needs to get to grips with how we support people with disabilities to live in their own homes. These figures show the Government is failing our most vulnerable members of society. The right to a home is a critical human right outlined in the UNCRPD.”
They added that Ireland is the only country in Europe which has still failed to ratify this vital international agreement, which would afford people with disabilities the same basic human rights as everyone else.
Police are looking for a bicyclist who they say pedaled up to a fellow rider in Williamsburg and grabbed their rear end.
The creep allegedly rode up to the 31-year-old woman near the corner of Metropolitan Avenue and Lorimer Street at about 12 p.m. June 27, groped her, then pedaled off.
The suspect is described as a man with a full beard and mustache who is between 25 and 30 years old. They were last seen riding their bike near the scene of the crime, wearing a white T-shirt, dark pants and a dark backpack.
They have not been arrested, police said.
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaiʻi Island police are investigating the death of a tour guide in Puna.
At 8:16 a.m., Thursday morning, (February 1), police and fire department personnel responded to the Kalapana lava viewing area for a report of a man who had collapsed in the lava field while leading a hiking tour.
Investigators determined that just before 4:00 a.m., the group was approximately two miles inland from the 24.5-mile marker of the emergency road. Heavy steam clouds caused by the rain engulfed the group when the victim collapsed and went unconscious. Due to limited visibility and poor cell phone reception, the remainder of the group, who were not familiar with the area, hiked for several hours before they were able to call for help.
The fire department's helicopter located the victim's body about 290 meters outside of the Volcanoes National Park boundary and on State land. The victim was taken to the Hilo Medical Center where the official pronouncement of death was made at 12:28 p.m.
The three visitors on the tour, a 22-year-old woman from South Carolina, a 23-year-old man from New Jersey, and a 22-year-old man from New York, were treated by medics for non-life-threatening injuries.
The victim was identified as 51-year-old Sean King of Pāhoa. No foul play is suspected and an autopsy is being ordered to determine the exact cause of death. Detectives with the Criminal Investigation Section are investigating this as an unattended death.
Anyone who may have information about this incident is asked to call the Police Department's non-emergency line at (808) 935-3311 or Detective Bobbie-Jo Sagon of the Area I Criminal Investigation Section at (808) 961-2375 or Bobbie-Jo.Sagon@hawaiicounty.g….
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
SWEETWATER COUNTY — Job's Daughters is looking to add some new members to their local chapter and it's much easier to join than it used to be.
Job's Daughters, members of which are called Jobies, is a branch of the Masonic Family for girls ages 10-18.
Traditionally, one had to be a relative of a Mason in order to join, but these days one only needs to be sponsored by a Mason, a former Jobie, or an Eastern Star—the adult women's branch of the Masons.
Artha Smith is an organizer of the group, a mother of two Jobies, and a past Jobie herself. They said the group helps young women with public speaking, getting up in front of crowds, responsibility, Robert's Rules of Order, and more.
The girls cycle through different responsibilities, culminating in becoming Honored Queen, which is the girl who leads meetings.
Smith said that they noticed a big difference in themselves once they got involved as a child.
“It definitely helps me a lot in life now,” said Smith. “When I first started, I was very shy and could not talk at all in front of people.” They said it was a confidence booster to get to talk to people from all over the state, sometimes up to a couple hundred people.
Since their daughters have joined, Smith has also seen a change in them.
“My oldest one was always outgoing and loud, their first meeting they were mumbling and we were like ‘Who is this girl?‘ Now she's been Honored Queen twice and they just gets it. Once they've been Honored Queen once, they seem to blossom and get up and talk in front of people,” said Smith.
The girls also participate in fundraisers for causes like the Shriner's Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City and the Hearing Impaired Kids Endowment Fund.
Job's Daughters is open to all religions and they will help a child get sponsored.
If you have a child who would like to join, call Artha Smith (307-354-6981) for Rock Springs and Kathy Weikhorst (307-389-8073) for Green River.
By Obadiah Mailafia
Last week we began discussion on the evolving progress in Ghana's financial inclusion strategy. Today we conclude by looking at issues, challenges and prospects.
WE begin by noting the crucial role played by the Bank of Ghana (BoG) in steering the financial inclusion agenda. The BoG has provided policies that support the development of branchless banking in the country. From our own discussions with some commercial banks, it is evident that banks in Ghana are integrating their mobile banking operations with mobile money service providers to ensure enhanced financial inclusion for the unbanked.
For example, Ecobank is collaborating with Airtel to provide mobile money to unbanked subscribers of Airtel services. Zenith Bank, United Bank of Africa and Standard Chartered Bank have also partnered with Airtel to offer banking facilities to Airtel Money Services. Mobile money has grown in parallel with other financial electronic payment services (e.g., e-zwich, Afric Xpress, eTransact Ghana) that enable loading and sending of electronic cash, while facilitating remittance transactions via phone, among other services.
There is a perceptible gap in the rate of mobile money usage between the rural countryside and the modern urban sector. Rural and poor people are least likely to hold an active financial account; while for females, financial account ownership is somewhat below the national average. According to our findings, commercial banks are the key drivers of financial services transformation in Ghana. We found that one in five Ghanaians had a registered mobile money account, although half of them also had a registered bank account. While reported registered use of nonbank financial institutions is rather low, it would seem that unregistered/informal use of such agencies is likely higher. It was reported that 48% of Ghanaians operate an account; some 20% have registered mobile money accounts; while 8% have non-bank financial institutions accounts.
We also found that bank accounts with digital access are by far the most common form of digital financial services; with some 80% of bank account holders reporting at least one form of digital bank account access. Mobile money accounts are the second most common form of account. Some 20% of Ghanaian adults own mobile money accounts, while some 27% have digital access to bank accounts. Some 4% of the adult population have digital access to non-bank financial institution accounts.
Remarkably, almost all Ghanaian adults owning a mobile phone possess basic literacy and numeracy and have the necessary ID to register for a formal account. There is also evidence that most are also aware of mobile money services. Unlike many ECOWAS countries, Ghanaians appear to have a rather high level of consumer engagement in advanced financial activities, with some 59% of Ghanaian adults able to purchase insurance, some 67% being able to save and some 40% able to engage in one form of investment or the other. Unfortunately, it also seems clear that few of these activities are channelled through banks, mobile money or NBFIs. Overall, the person to person, P2P, market appears dynamic in Ghana, with some 60% of adults able to send and/or receive remittances.
One of the important innovations that Ghana has made relates to the creation of a payments System Council which serves as an advisory body to the BoG and supports implementation of a sound and efficient payments, clearing and settlement system. It is an 11-member organisation that includes, notably, the Ministry of Finance, Ghana Revenue Authority, Controller and Accountant General's Office, Securities and Exchange Commission, National Insurance Commission, National Pensions Regulatory Authority, Ghana Interbank Payment and Settlement System and Ghana Chamber of Telecommunications.
The Chair of the Council is the Governor of the BoG. The Council focuses most of its activities on 4 thematic areas, namely, Standards, Automation and Technology; Operations; Pricing; and Legal. In addition, the BoG developed a Web-Based Data Collection Portal for collection of payment streams data from the banks and other service providers. This enhances monitoring and supervision and ensures that regulators are on top of the game.
Also encouraging has been the creation of interest on float accounts for electronic money holders. Total interest payable to holders of electronic money wallets totalled some GHC24.79 million in 2017. The successful distribution of such interest was the first time electronic wallet holders were able to receive interest since electronic money services began in Ghana in 2009.
More recently, and similar to the case of Nigeria, BoG, in cooperation with the Ghana Association of Bankers, is launching a Bank Identification Number Project. The introduction of biometric identification aims to stem the rising tide of banking and financial fraud. The envisaged benefits include: real time customer identity verification; opportunity to blacklist customers noted for miscreant behaviour, including those in the habit of issuing dude cheques; prevent identity theft; provide audit trail for over the counter (OTC) transactions; reduce the time required to serve customers; enhance the integrity and security of the banking system; a vehicle for trailing AML/CFT and other banking crimes while minimising cyber fraud; and prevent unauthorised access to customers' accounts while ensuring KYC and engendering confidence in the industry.
Another important element in the Ghana approach is the institution of consumer protection measures to safeguard consumers' interests in the use of financial services products. Public awareness and consumer education is being pursued at the same time as windows for receiving and promptly treating consumer complaints have been opened. The authorities receive petitions and grievances which are systematically investigated and address, including issues such as fraud and defalcation in the financial industry. The BoG has articulated two sets of Market Conduct Regulations to guide the delivery of credit services.
In spite of all the progress, a critical challenge remains that of ensuring inter-operability. To address the issue, KPIs are being developed to ensure a seamless inter-operability between TELCOs, financial services providers, banks and agents on the field. Another challenge is the question of internet connectivity, which can be rather expensive in Ghana. The digital divide remains a major challenge in Ghana. Some of the payments systems require internet connectivity which remains rather expensive in the country.
There is palpable evidence that financial inclusion has enormous potential to improve human livelihoods while contributing to national transformation. But it is clear that the right policies are in place and the framework for implementation is on course in Ghana. Financial inclusion thrives best, in my opinion, in an environment of macroeconomic stability; in a robust financial ecosystem within a well-governed country that is at peace with itself. These are important lessons for countries like ours who desire to go up that route.
In spite of all the progress that has been made, even Ghana is not yet where it ought to be. Indeed, a former Governor of the Bank of Ghana, Kwabena Duffuor, has lamented that the financial system manages to “only serve a few”. Progress requires that relevant stakeholders work together to achieve common objectives: the central government, the monetary authorities, the commercial banks, the TELCOs, financial services providers, regulators and others need to work in tandem to ensure the greatest benefit to the greatest number.
Ultimately, this is not just about economic development; it is no less than about national transformation and the quality and meaning of building prosperous democracies at the dawn of the twenty-first century.
12.
Luigi Pertrilli walks out of a public toilet during the Christathon X pub crawl on April 16 in London.
The Christathon pub crawl celebrated its tenth year this year where participants dressed as Jesus and visited pubs on Easter Sunday around the British capital while donating collections to the Save the Children charity.
Chris J Ratcliffe / Getty Images
A former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Alhaji Ghali Na'aba on Monday said described the continued friction between the executive and legislature as a threat to democracy and development.
Na,aba said in an interview in Lagos that the situation was unfortunate, as it affects serious issues of national development.
They said that although it was normal in democracy for the two arms to disagree, but stressed that the persistent feud over almost everything was bad for the polity.
The former speaker said the country's democracy should by now be matured enough to outgrow the unnecessary face-off between the executive and legislature.
“Honestly, the incessant frictions between the executive and legislative arms over issues of development are very unfortunate.
“We thought we had outgrown that, we had thought the problem was gone, but unfortunately it is still here in our democracy and even getting worse.
“Even though we don't accept that there should be no friction between the two at all, we do not expect the relationship to be at this low ebb as it threatens democracy and progress'', they said.
Na'aba largely blamed the problem on lack of respect for each other.
They however urged both arms to close ranks work in harmony for the progress and the betterment of the people.
The former speaker particularly urged the executive to learn how to deal with the legislative arm to foster good working relationship.
“The executive should understand the kind of legislature it is working with and ensure there is harmony between it and lawmakers.
“The executive should also carry the legislature and other institutions along in all it is doing otherwise; we will continue to have this problem” they said.
They urged the two arms to put the interest of the people first in anything they were doing.
On the bill to re-order the election time table and the threats by the National Assembly to veto it after the President's rejection, Na'aba said they had a neutral position on the issue.
They however said the National Assembly could go ahead to veto the bill if it felt that was the right thing to do.
“Well, it is not for me to suggest what the legislature should do and what it should not do.
“It is for the legislature to decide what their priorities are and whatever it is their philosophy to re-order the timetable.
“If they feel very strongly to override the president's veto, all well and good, if they think it is necessary for them to do it, well, fine”,he said.
Na'aba however said the National Assembly during their time once overrode former President Olusegun Obasanjo's veto on the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) bill.
They described the killings by suspected herdsmen as a dangerous phenomenon threatening the peace of the country.
Na'aba however said some of the killings might have been perpetrated by foreigners as the country's porous borders allowed easy access by infiltrators.
“But whatever it is or whoever is behind the killings, the development is a dangerous one which should be nipped in the bud”, they said.
Na'aba also called on the government to urgently address the issue of desertification on some states as it threatened food security and access to water.
They suggested the planting of windbreakers to address the problem and also called for help for the people living in the affected areas. (NAN)
Market Overview:
3D printing technology, also referred to as additive manufacturing, is a manufacturing technology used for the production of complex structures and smaller designs. The introduction of 3D printing has helped manufacturers design and develop complex structures with ease, which would not have been possible without the use of conventional manufacturing techniques. 3D printing is a manufacturing technology in which manufacturing is done layer by layer and hence, the accuracy of the production has also increased to a high level. This technique, most commonly, requires materials, such as thermoplastic powders, photosensitive resins, thermoplastic filaments, metal wire, ceramic powders and metal powders, which can be used to manufacture various parts and components as per the requirements of producers. There are special machines capable of manufacturing such complex structures; however, they must be operated under human supervision. The use of powder, filament and wired materials for the manufacturing of products has enabled manufacturers to use several types of metals, alloys and various polymers as per requirement and design. Thus, the permutation and combination of several 3D printing consumables has enabled industries to produce products that are more durable, economical and suitable for use in various industrial and commercial applications. Post processing consumables, such as surface finish sandpapers, cold welding consumables, solvents, resins and binders (for dipping, coating process, etc.), polishing paper & compounds, primers and paints, are also gaining traction as consumers today are more attracted towards the aesthetics and appeal of products in the global market.
This additive manufacturing process collects powder, which is typically the most consumed material in the manufacturing process, in the reservoir and then, according to the need, deposits the powder on the manufacturing bed to form layers of the product. These layers usually have a thickness ranging from 20 µm to 100 µm. Once the layers are properly placed and distributed, they are also bound or melted using a high energy beam. In the second case, the beam source is ideally one high energy laser, but many systems use two or more lasers with varying power standards under the inert gas environment. The most commonly used processes are Selective laser melting (SLM), Digital Light Processing (DLP), Stereolithography (SLA), Fused deposition modelling (FDM), Electronic Beam Melting (EBM), Selective Laser Sintering (SLS) and Laminated object manufacturing (LOM). The lone exemption to this process is the Electron Beam melting (EBM) process, which operates in full vacuum condition with an electron beam for metals. The melting process is repeated layer by layer, slice by slice, until the last layer is melted and the full product is complete. Then it is removed from the powder bed and post processing is done according to the product requirements.
When combined with powerful and modern tools that optimize analysis and simulation process to generate an optimal design solution, such technologized tools and manufacturing processes are able to design products that are perfect, lightweight and long lasting. The resulting parts not only take a reduced amount of time to design, but are also lighter and significantly stronger than part designs that are manufactured using conventional manufacturing methods.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23467
Attributing to these enhanced properties, 3D printing consumables find abundant applications in the automotive, aerospace, construction, defense and medical industries. The 3D printing consumables market is anticipated to grow in all industrial and manufacturing sectors owing to growing applications in lightweight engineering products. Moreover, the 3D printing consumables market is estimated to show positive growth since, regulatory authorities are pressing manufacturers to use products that are more ecofriendly with a minimum amount of natural resources during the production process. The 3D printing consumables market has a lot of scope in the research and development division since researchers and scientists are coming up with new consumables and software, which are more efficient and economical. Space constraint is an important factor for manufacturers and hence, they are opting for light and compact products, which in turn is expected to fuel the growth of the 3D printing consumables market in the consumer goods sector. The market for 3D printing consumables is anticipated to grow at a healthy CAGR in the coming future. Furthermore, the growing applications of products manufactured by 3D printing in commercial and industrial sectors is expected to propel the growth of the overall 3D printing consumables market in the near future. By region, North America, followed by Europe and APAC, is projected to dominate the global 3D printing consumables market by 2018 end. Additionally, North America and Europe region strong a footprint of global players with substantial market shares; however, for the rest of regions, the market is fragmented with few international suppliers and many mid-sized to small sized competitors.
Delta decalactone is found in animal foods such as butter oil, coconut oil, apricots, peaches, cheese, cane sugar, pork fat, margarine, lavender oil, and other substances. The chemical name for delta decalactone is Decan-5-olide. It is heat-sensitive and light-sensitive, due to which its container needs to be tightly closed in a dry and well-ventilated place. Delta decalactone is an indispensable lactone that is useful for lending roundness, creaminess, or a fleshy character to brown nuts, vanilla, diary, red fruit, meat, tropical fruit, and yellow fruit. Natural delta decalactone is an important constituent of a variety of natural flavorings.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20660
Its chemical formula is C10H18O2. Optical isomers of delta decalactone and delta dodecalactone imparts and / or enhance the aroma and taste of consumable materials including chewing gums, foodstuffs, beverages, perfume compositions, colognes, and fragrant articles such as solid & liquid anionic, cationic, nonionic, or zwitterionic detergents, hair preparations, and fabric softeners. Delta decalactone is used as a fragrance in creams, household products; mango, coconut, raspberry, & nectarine flavors; and as a coumarin replacer. It is employed in pharmaceutical preparations and flavorings and is also an ingredient in the manufacturing of mixtures. The good solvency properties of delta decalactone is useful in industrial application. They also have wide demand in artificial fiber industry, they are polymerizable and can be used as nylon precursors. Usage of delta decalactone by the general public is strongly discouraged.
Delta decalactone is found to be chemically stable under normal operating conditions. It is not considered dangerous according to directives and regulations; and the possibility of any form of hazardous polymerization is less, as it does not undergo any dangerous or explosive reactions. Avoiding heat, flames, and other sources of ignition is recommended. Delta decalactone is highly incompatible with chemicals such as strong oxidizing agents, reducing agents, and oxidizing mineral acids. Upon combustion, it may release hazardous decomposition products such as carbon monoxide and other unidentified organic compounds. It is advisable to use carbon dioxide in dry chemical powder or appropriate foam form as an extinguishing medium. Full water jets are not recommended for safety reasons.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/delta-decalactone-market.html
First aid measures to be followed on consumption of delta decalactone include rinsing one's mouth with water if swallowed and cleaning with copious amounts of water in case of eye or skin contact. Delta decalactone must be stored in a cool and dry place and in a tight container and be kept away from food, drink, and animal feed. During disposal, one must take into consideration all the state and local environmental regulations, the specific material, and the container in which it is stored. Reuse of empty containers is not prescribed. General control parameters for using delta decalactone include wearing personal protection equipment such as breathing apparatus for respiratory protection.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Smart Government Market Overview:
The smart government market has been segmented on the basis of solution, service and deployment. The solution segment is further bifurcated into security, analytics, government resource planning system, remote monitoring, open data platform, network management and others. Out of these, remote monitoring solutions are expected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. Remote monitoring helps in tracking the assets, provides safety and offers maximum efficiency. Another reason for the growth of remote monitoring segment is the decrease in the costs of sensors which is making deployment of solutions feasible.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global market of Smart Government is forecasted to gain prominence over the forthcoming years due to the growing demand for digital mediums and smart technologies attributed to technological advancements. The Market is forecasted to reach to USD 37 Billion by 2023 growing with a striking double digit – 19% of CAGR during forecast period 2017-2023. High acceptance for cloud computing, even in countries that tend to be concerned about data privacy and security has driven the Smart Government global market.
Smart Government Market relies on information systems and communication networks. It uses business models, innovative policies and technology for making everyday challenges easier. Major driving factors for the growth of smart government market are growing demand for digital mediums and smart technologies owing to technological advancements. Increasing demand for technological advancements and emerging technical adoptions is helping in driving investments in the smart government market.
Additionally, growing data from multiple sources allowing the governments to process them for digital transformation, leading to the adoption of smart technologies consecutively driving the market growth of Smart Government.
Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3145
Major Key Players:
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (U.S.)
Capgemini SE (France)
Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.)
Entrust Datacard Corporation (U.S.)
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. (China)
IBM Corporation (U.S.)
Imex Systems Inc. (Canada)
Nokia Corporation (Finland)
Oracle Corporation (U.S.)
Symantec Corporation (U.S.)
Smart Government Market – Competitive Analysis
Characterized by the presence of several major well-established players, the global Smart Government Market appears to be highly fragmented and competitive. Well established players incorporate acquisition, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and technology launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position. Strategic partnerships between Key players support the growth and expansion plans of the key players during the forecast period. The Key players operating in the market compete based on pricing, technology, reputation and services. These Players invest heavily in the R&D to develop a technology that is on a completely different level compared to their competition. These Key players strive to develop products with the adept technologies, unrivalled design and features.
Smart Government Market Segments:
The Smart Government Market is segmented in to 4 key dynamics for the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding;
S egmentation by Solution: Comprises Government Resource Planning System, Security, Analytics, Remote Monitoring, Open Data Platform, Network Management and other.
Segmentation by Service: Comprises Professional Services, Managed Services.
Segmentation by Deployment: Comprises Cloud, On-Premise.
Segmentation by Regions : Comprises Geographical regions – North America, Europe, APAC and Rest of the World.
Segment – Remote Monitoring Solutions on the basis of solution is expected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. Remote monitoring helps in tracking the assets, provides safety and offers maximum efficiency. Another reason for the growth of remote monitoring segment is the decrease in the costs of sensors which is making deployment of solutions feasible.
Smart Government Market Regional Analysis:
The global smart government market, by geography, has been segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa (MEA), and South America. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market. The major growth in Smart government market in North America attributes to the technical advancements and increasing use of mobiles and tablets in that region.
Across Europe, countries including Germany, France and the U.K. are anticipated to drive the growth of smart government market. In Europe, the presence of advanced infrastructure ensures higher penetration of mobile devices which ultimately helps in driving the market growth.
Smart government market in the South America region is anticipated to witness relatively slower market growth. However, Brazil and Argentina among other countries are projected to witness slow yet steady growth.
Smart government market in the Middle East and Africa occupies a relatively smaller pie of the global smart government market. Within the Middle East and Africa counties including the UAE, South Africa and Saudi are driving the growth. Here smart government is gaining popularity and is expected to increase significant market share during the forecast period.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/smart-government-market-3145
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to slow kidney decline in patients with the most common inherited kidney disease.
Jynarque (jihn-AR'-kew), from Japan's Otsuka Pharmaceutical, was approved Tuesday for autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease.
The progressive genetic disorder is the fourth-leading cause of kidney failure. It causes fluid-filled cysts to develop in and damage kidneys.
The FDA rejected it in 2013 but approved it after the drugmaker did an additional study. That one-year study, involving 1,370 patients with advanced disease, found the drug on average slowed kidney function decline about 35 percent more than dummy pills.
Advertisement
Otsuka says the drug, also known as tolvaptan, will cost $13,041 per month without insurance.
Jynarque can cause serious, even fatal liver injury, excessive urination and other side effects.
___
This story has been corrected to show the drug's price will be $13,041 per month, not $13,401.
Scientists say there's no strong evidence to back the age-old myth that animals can sense big quakes before we do.
In quake-prone New Zealand, the idea that animals can predict impending disasters has long persisted; after 2016's Kaikoura Earthquake, one camper reported to Newstalk ZB how some nearby seals started "making a bit of noise" minutes before the 7.8 midnight jolt.
Such claims go right back to Greece in 373BC, when weasels, snakes and centipedes reportedly left their homes and headed for safety several days before a destructive earthquake.
German scientists who have just published the first rigorous analysis of the so-called phenomenon collected reports on potential earthquake predictions across a variety of animals, from elephants to silkworms.
Advertisement
Most reports were anecdotes rather than experimental studies, and the majority of the reports came from three events: the 2010 Darfield earthquake that later led to the 2011 Christchurch Earthquake; the 1984 Nagano-ken Seibu earthquake in Japan; and the 2009 L'Aquila earthquake in Italy.
Writing in the Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, a team from the GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences explained most of these single observations and anecdotes could not be tested rigorously.
They suggest a series of questions that researchers should use in analysing the evidence that abnormal animal behaviour predicts earthquakes.
Lead author Dr Heiko Woith said scientists had to determine whether the link between the animal behaviuor and the earthquake is based on clearly defined rules - such as the animal's distance from earthquakes of a certain magnitude - and whether the animal behaviour had ever been observed and not followed by an earthquake.
Also required was a statistical testing hypothesis in place to examine the evidence, and whether the animal population is a healthy, among other questions.
These questions were rarely asked, making it difficult to systematically analyse the evidence for animal prediction, the researchers concluded after studying 729 reports of abnormal animal behavior related to 160 earthquakes.
"Many review papers on the potential of animals as earthquake precursors exist, but to the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that a statistical approach was used to evaluate the data," Woith said.
The reported unusual behaviours occurred anywhere from seconds to months prior to the earthquakes, and at distances from a few to hundreds of kilometers from the earthquake origins.
2010's Darfield Earthquake is one of the three events to have generated the most reports of animals behaving strangely before big quakes. Photo / File
Only 14 of the reports record a series of observations of the animals over time - most reports are single observations.
These weaknesses in the data make it difficult to confirm that these behaviors are predictive - meaning they signal an earthquake event before the event begins - rather than random occurrences or behaviours linked to the initial stages of an earthquake, such as foreshocks.
Foreshocks and abnormal animal behaviour strongly clustered together in the statistical analysis by Woith and colleagues, suggesting that at least some of the behaviours may be related to physical phenomena from a seismic event already underway.
"The animals may sense seismic waves - it could P, S or surface waves - generated by foreshocks," Woith suggested.
"Another option could be secondary effects triggered by the foreshocks, like changes in groundwater or release of gases from the ground which might be sensed by the animals.
"One of the biggest problems with the animal data, Woith said, is the lack of continuous, long-term observations of animals experiencing earthquakes.
"Up to now, only very few time series with animal behavior exist at all, the longest being just one year.
"Without a long record, Woith said, researchers cannot be sure that their observations relate to an earthquake and not some other kind of environmental change or long-term fluctuation in the health of an animal population or its predators.
The study follows another US paper that suggested something else strange might be able to predict natural disasters: tidal cycles, which was even linked to Mt Ruapehu's surprise eruption in 2007.
But New Zealand scientists cast serious doubt over that idea and criticised the methodology used for the study, which was recently published in a top international scientific journal.
New York, NY (May 24, 2017) — PepsiCo has renewed its contract with The Sourcing Group (TSG), selecting TSG as its preferred vendor for overseas sourcing and best-in-class creative design plus fulfillment of premium and promotional materials.
“This contract will enable TSG to expand its promotional marketing and point-of-purchase offerings across PepsiCo's 22 iconic food and beverage brands,” said Paul Joseph, Director of Promotional Programs. “TSG will serve as a true partner to PepsiCo in promotional events, seasonal programs and licensed events that are co-branded with the NFL and the NBA.”
“We are excited to continue and expand our business relationship with PepsiCo,” added Dennis Clemente, TSG President. “Paul and their team have developed several successful, customized sourcing and fulfillment programs by leveraging our proprietary MultiSource technology.”
About The Sourcing Group
The Sourcing Group (TSG) is a leading business process outsourcing service (BPO) provider recognized for commitment to customer satisfaction. Clients in more than 20,000 locations benefit from transparent, vendor neutral solutions through TSG's MultiSource™ platform, developed with a single goal: simplify and optimize management processes using the very latest in scalable technology.
Built from decades of proven experience, TSG brings a standard of seamless efficiency to the strategic sourcing, fulfillment and accounting of print logistics and brand marketing collateral; providing a complete suite of services including omni-channel communications across industries, print on demand and more. Learn more at thesourcinggroup.com
media contact
Samantha Caan | The Sourcing Group
631.494.5285
You are entitled to your opinions, of course, but you are not entitled to expect that others will listen to them, still less agree with them. Try not to be so thin-skinned that when others reject your claims you take it as a personal insult.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bath Lift Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Devilbiss Healthcare, CareCo, Mobility Bath Aids, Tiger Medical, Inc, Assist Ireland, Amica Medical Supply, Mountway, Relaxa, Molly, AquaJoy, Invacare Corporation, Merits Health, Aqua Creek, Orca, Vitality Medical.
The report begins with introducing the global Bath Lift market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bath Lift report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-lift-market/5894/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bath Lift Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Automatic, Semi-auto.
Bath Lift Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Rehabilitation Center, Home Care.
Key points in the Bath Lift Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-lift-market/5894/#inquiry
From all of this Bath Lift market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bath Lift market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bath Lift distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The parents of a 2-week-old child were arrested after the baby was found with at least 100 rat bites. Columbia County Sheriff's Office
CORSICA, France (AP) — Corsica's nationalist leaders are demonstrating along with unions and students ahead of a visit next week by French President Emmanuel Macron.
The newly elected leaders on the French Mediterranean island hope that Saturday's march will spur on fresh talks with the French government about demands including equal status for the Corsican language and the release of Corsican prisoners held in mainland prisons.
In December, Corsican nationalists swept the election for a new regional assembly, crushing Macron's young centrist movement and traditional parties. The nationalists want more autonomy from Paris but unlike some in Spain's nearby Catalonia, they aren't seeking full independence — yet.
They also want protections for locals buying real estate on the destination that the French refer to as the "Island of Beauty," which is famed as Napoleon's birthplace.
The global Lab Glassware market is valued at XX a million USD in 2017 and is expected to reach XX a million USD by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2025.
China plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2017 and will be xx million USD in 2025, with a CAGR of xx%.
This report studies the Lab Glassware development status and future trend in China, focuses on top players in China, also splits Lab Glassware by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market general situation and future forecast.
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018/request-sample
The major players in China market include
Sigma-Aldrich
Fisher Scientific
DWK Life Sciences
Corning
Quark Enterprises
Bellco Glass
Wilmad-LabGlass?SP Industries?
Hamilton Laboratory Glass
Kavalierglass
BOROSIL
Hilgenberg
Glacier Glass Works
Eagle Laboratory Glass Company
Jencons Glass Industries
Sibata Scientific Technology
Promax
Glassco Group
Cosmo Laboratory Equipment
Hario
Pioneer Scientific Instrument
SCAM Lab Glass
Sichuan Shubo
Huaou Industry
North Glass
Tianbao Glass Instrument
Shanghai Heqi Glassware
Jianghai Instrument Fitting
Kahotest Citotest Labware Manufacturing
Haimen Shengbang Laboratory Equipment
Yadong Glassware
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/china-lab-glassware-industry-2018
Geographically, this report splits the China market into six regions,
South China
East China
Southwest China
Northeast China
North China
Central China
Northwest China
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
Container
Measurer
Filter
Other
On the basis of the end users/application, this report covers
SALEM, Ore. (AP) – Oregon Gov. Kate Brown says they will call a special session May 21 to seek a tax break for small businesses in the state.
Brown's Tuesday statement comes after they said they would seek to broaden eligibility for existing discounts for small businesses when they signed a measure blocking a different discount. That discount had been created as a ripple-effect of President Donald Trump's 2017 federal tax reform.
Republican state lawmakers objected to blocking the Trump plan's discount and had previously questioned whether the new plan would offer the same benefits.
Nonpartisan state economists have said most of the benefits would have flowed to the wealthy.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Johnstone's Aston Villa team-mates would love Steve Bruce to sign the Manchester United goalkeeper permanently.
Left-back Neil Taylor has revealed how impressed the Villa players have been with Johnstone and insists it is better for them to be playing competitively with Bruce's team than sitting on the sidelines at Old Trafford.
Johnstone initially joined Villa on loan last January before they were recruited again for the season - and the claret and blues want to keep him, but parent club United cast doubt over a full transfer next month when it was reported they were set to trigger a clause to extend their Old Trafford contract beyond the end of the season.
"I'd like to see them here permanently — any player playing as well as that you would like to keep," Taylor said.
"But clubs like United don't extend your deal for no good reason.
"Sam can be as good as they want — he's still a young goalkeeper.
"He should kick on from here and the sky's the limit for Sam.
"But the most important thing is he's playing football at a decent level — he's not sitting on the bench in the Premier League."
Villa want to sign Johnstone permanently and Manchester United want to protect their asset.
Their latest temporary stint is due to end next summer when their loan concludes and there has been talk of United extending their contract at Old Trafford.
Listen to our latest podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
The thinking behind it is so Jose Mourinho's men can demand a higher fee because their current deal is due to expire in July 2018.
If United takes up the option on Johnstone, it will give them more security as their prospects of usurping David De Gea remain slim, no matter how they perform at Villa.
Johnstone was asked about their future in October.
This is what the 24-year-old said: "I'm here until the end of the season and I'm just happy playing at the moment," Johnstone told Sky Sports when questioned about their Villa Park future.
"Whether it's in January or summer I don't know, but the rest of it will take care of itself."
Johnstone, who has previously enjoyed loan spells with Walsall and Doncaster Rovers, has established themselves as a first team regular and an important member of Bruce's defensive unit.
Their fellow summer arrival and captain John Terry has also been integral in Villa's defensive solidity.
And, despite a broken foot stopping Terry in their tracks, the young custodian admits they can only learn from the former Chelsea and England captain between now and the end of the campaign.
"He's a leader, he's played at the top level for all their career and it's a privilege for us to have them here to learn from," said Johnstone.
"I'll speak to them and he'll give me advice and stuff like that because he's a leader, and hopefully their experience will help us to keep pushing to get promotion."
Do They exist, this divine figure we imagine? If so, how do They allow bad things to happen? And what would you say – following a long and eventful life, hopefully – when you finally met Him?
At some point, we have all asked these questions about Gay Byrne.
Benign but indifferent, all knowing but inscrutable, the godhead of Irish broadcasting is a figure that commands faith. Richard Branson recalls asking Irish kids whom they believed in, whether Catholic or Protestant: “Gay Byrne,” they replied.
Looking at the man themselves in Once More With Meaning (RTÉ One, Wednesday, 9.30pm), white of hair and graven of face, you see their point. All that's missing is the beard.
This is a compendium of clips from Byrne's interview show, The Meaning of Life, broadcast to mark their 60 years in TV and radio. In 2009, when the programme began, it looked like a retirement hobby for the preeminent interviewer. It has since generated 13 series in which awe-struck celebrities wrestle with soul-searching one-on-one questions that skew religious.
Much has been said about Byrne's apparent ambivalence on this matter, never confirming nor denying their belief in an Almighty. But it always struck me as a broadcaster's ticket to heaven, or, at the very least, an audition tape for the role of St Peter.
If, many years from now, you find yourself at the Pearly Gates and an immaculately dressed man with a singsong voice unravels your worthiness with a few short questions, don't be surprised. Roll it there, Gabriel.
The uncomfortable thing about Once More With Meaning, mingling highlights with recent tributes to Byrne himself, is how frequently people speak of Gay in the past tense. Diagnosed with cancer two years ago, Byrne is not well, but the appearance of a lonely trumpet player, forlornly playing on a park bench, gives the show an uneasily valedictory quality.
Some of the interviewees would beatify Byrne in their own lifetime as “an icon” (Charles Spencer), someone with “a mystique about him” (Eamon Dunphy), or a man in possession of “some sorcery” (Brenda Fricker). But Byrne's genius has always been to allow people to speak, to give attention without pressure, and do something God never appears to do – to listen.
“What will you say to Him, Her, It?” Byrne often asks, a question that presupposes the existence of a God. None of the answers are as interesting as what people will say to Gay, though.
Byrne is the nation's confessor, and a profanely unguarded Colin Farrell, a genial Michael Parkinson and a stunned Andrea Corr almost say as much. People are so compelled to speak the truth to them that even Bono loses their feed-the-world carapace when discussing U2's offshore tax arrangements.
“Why can't U2 be tough in business?” they say, discussing the only other certainty in life, and certainly the easier one to avoid. “This thing of the warm fuzzy feeling … I want people to get over that. Because that's not who I am.” Amen.
While everyone remembers Stephen Fry, ruthlessly admonishing “a capricious, mean-minded, stupid God”, as Byrne reels from the heat of their response, or, perhaps, the querulous Bob Geldof, so imprinted in faith that even their rejections end in prayer (“Is there a God?” “No. Thank God.”), the most intriguing dissenter is Terry Wogan.
Like Maeve Binchy, Wogan has since left the world, and that makes the words of this other revered Irish broadcaster seems weightier. “I didn't flee to God. I was extremely resentful,” Wogan says, remembering the death of their infant daughter, Vanessa. “Of God?” Byrne interjects. “Of fate,” Wogan says flatly.
Eamon Dunphy, a true believer, is praying for a second coming. “I would want to see them back,” they say. “He's one of the reassuring figures for me. If Gay's there, it's all right.”
Cork City Council has voted unanimously to reject an offer by Cork County Council to take over a portion of its land that would lead to the urban local authority almost doubling in size.
At a meeting on Monday evening, all 21 members of the 31 member Cork City Council present agreed to endorse a report by Cork City CEO Ann Doherty recommending rejection of the offer by Cork County Council.
The county council's surprise offer, made earlier this month, would see the city's population increase by about a third to more than 160,000.
However, this was far short of the redistribution of land recommended in the Mackinnon report on local government reform.
Published in June, it argued for the retention of two separate councils but called for an eightfold increase in the size of the city and 100,000 increase in its population to 225,000.
The Mackinnon report said the city should expand toinclude area such as Douglas, Donnybrook, Grange, Frankfield, Rochestown, Ballincollig, Tower, Blarney, Monard, Rathpeacon, Glanmire, Little Island and Carrigtwohill which are all currently part of Cork county.
The Mackinnon report also proposed that Cork City Council would pay €40 million per year for ten years to Cork County Council to compensate for the loss of revenue from local property tax and commercial rates which it would lose with the transfer of the affected areas to city control.
Under the county council's offer, made just weeks later, the city would expand to include areas such as Doughcloyne, Ardrostig, Frankfield, Donnybrook Grange, Castletreasure and Rochestown on the southside and Kilbarry, Carhoo, Kilcully and Ballyvolane on the northside.
All these areas are contiguous to the city but significantly the county council offer did not include Blarney, Ballincollig, Glanmire Little Island, Carrigtwohill, Cork Airport or Monard where Cork County Council has plans for the building of 5,000 housing units adjacent to the Cork-Mallow rail line.
Tax generation
The areas that the county council were willing to cede to the city currently generate €16 million annually in commercial rates and local property taxes but the area has a future income generation potential of €60 million per annum, said Cork County Council in a detailed statement on the offer.
At Monday evening's meeting, the city council's ceo dismissed the county council offer, saying it was not possible to reconcile it with “the principles and rationale” of the Mackinnon Report which had been accepted by Minister for Local Government, Eoghan Murphy.
Ms Doherty said the county council had asked the city council to give serious consideration to their amended proposal for a reduced boundary extension but responsibility for the reform now rested with a group set up by Mr Murphy to oversee the implementation of the Mackinnon report.
“It has been made clear by the oversight group to both chief executives that it cannot accept alternative proposals that run contrary to the proposed broad boundary changes set out in the report of the expert advisory group (the Mackinnon Report),” said Ms Doherty.
“In my view the County Council proposal cannot be interpreted other than to run contrary to the proposed substantial boundary changes set out in the Recommendations of the Expert Boundary Group, as accepted by the Minister,” they added.
“To express a willingness to entertain such a proposal would effectively accede to the rewriting of the Report of the Expert Advisory Group, something that the Oversight Group has indicated will not be entertained.”
Cork City Council nominated a team headed up by David Joyce, director of services with environment and recreation, to work with the oversight group which meets again on September 5th, on the exact details of the boundary extension proposed by Mackinnon.
Enda Kenny has played down concerns that up to 25,000 people could lose their homes in the ongoing housing crisis.
Homelessness campaigner Fr Peter McVerry has warned that half of the 50,000 homes in mortgage arrears of more than two years could be repossessed by the banks.
But the Taoiseach said they did not expect the number to be so high. “Fr McVerry speaks from their heart at all times,” Mr Kenny said, during a briefing at Government Buildings. “I don't expect that number of people to be removed from their houses. I wouldn't want to see that.”
However, Mr Kenny said that many distressed mortgages taken over by vulture funds were subject to agreements. “Clearly some cases have never responded in respect of the agreements that were made originally,” they said.
Vulture funds
“The Government brought in a whole suite of measures to allow for people who have difficulties, if they're in mortgage arrears or serious mortgage arrears, to move on with their lives and make arrangements in respect of their accommodation.
“There's been a 15 per cent fall in people coming out of difficulties with mortgage arrears this year and we intend to continue to work on that.”
Fr McVerry has blamed vulture funds and foreign landlords for evicting Irish tenants.
Comparing the crisis to Famine-era Ireland, they said something had gone “seriously wrong” and banks were not interested in making deals with individual householders but wanted to sell loans off to vulture funds.
The prospect of 25,000 more families losing their homes was a “real scenario over the next few years”, they said.
– Press Association
Sugary drinks should not be sold in Whanganui District Council facilities, resident Peter Watson says.
Council is working on a policy banning the practice, policy adviser Alex Staric said.
Mr Watson objected to the sale of the bottled drinks on several counts. First, consuming a lot of sugar could lead to obesity and diabetes, and health authorities warned against it.
Secondly, the drinks are sold in single-use bottles. Some can be recycled, but simply recycling plastic doesn't solve the problem of the world's excess plastic, they said.
Advertisement
Whanganui District Library should not be selling fizzy drinks, Peter Watson says. Photo / Stuart Munro
At Whanganui District Library they found a bottle of ginger beer imported from Australia. Shipping it across the Tasman is a wasteful use of energy and materials, they said.
Discovering a plastic bottle of water for sale made them equally irate. They said the library should have an indoor water fountain, which would cut the need for single-use plastic bottles.
Mr Watson was in Nelson during the summer holidays, and said there was a drinking fountain in its library. Staff told them sugary drinks were not sold in any Nelson City Council venue.
They would like the Whanganui District Council to step up, and remembers a time when there was even a machine to dispense Coke at the library.
"Is this leading edge? It's very much trailing edge, I think."
Mr Staric said Whanganui District Council officers are working on an options paper around potentially introducing a sugar sweetened beverages policy. The work was requested by the council, following a remit at a Local Government New Zealand conference.
Officers have been talking to public health organisations such as the Cancer Society and the Heart Foundation, and are working alongside Healthy Families in developing possible options.
The options paper will be presented for consideration at the council's May 1 strategy and finance committee meeting, they said.
Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry gestures to a teammate during an NBA basketball practice, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. The Warriors face the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday in Oakland. Marcio Jose Sanchez AP Photo
Did Krushna & Govinda Try To Sort Out Things?
When asked whether they tried to sort out things, Krushna told Spotboye, "I have been unable to catch hold of him. They went to London after the incident and then they got busy with a film shoot. I seriously want to reconcile with him."
Krushna Doesn't Mind Their Mami Giving Him Gaalis!
They added, "I don't mind if my mami gives 5-6 gaalis, it's their right to do so. I have said this in the earlier interview also, I have stayed with them as a kid and they have taken utmost care of me. So I understand that they might be feeling more hurt. Knowingly, or unknowingly, I got dragged into the matter. After which unknowingly I also got involved."
Kashmira's Timing Was Off!
The actor-comedian further added, "What Kashmira wrote on Twitter irked Sunita mami, but the fact is that Kashmira wrote it for my sister, not mami. The timing was off!"
‘Kashmira Is At Major Fault Here & They Should Apologise To Mami'
"Yeh Kashmira se galti ho gayi. Kissi ke bhi bare main Twitter par nahi likhna chahiye tha. They could have avoided it. Kashmira is at major fault here and they should apologise to mami, as my mami (Sunita) has been taking care of the whole family."
Krushna Says They If Fine If Govinda Slaps Or Abuses Him!
When asked whether they feel that they and Govinda will resolve your differences, the actor says, "Mama (Govinda) can slap me twice or abuse me. I am ok with that. Whatever they say I will listen quietly. And I think things will get resolved after that."
…indigenes lament magnitude of destruction
…exposed to vagaries of weather
…solicit govt support
YENAGOA—INDIGENES of Biseni Clan in Yenagoa Local Government Area of Bayelsa State are still counting their loss following a violent rainstorm that rendered several families homeless.
Also schools, churches, farmlands and about half of the power infrastructure in the area were not spared by storm which swept through the area, a predominantly fishing and farming enclave penultimate Monday.
NDV findings revealed that the locals had no inkling that nature was about to unleash its fury on them that fateful day as they went about their normal duties.
Though no life was lost, trouble, it was learned, started at about 4pm when a gentle shower suddenly turned into a raging storm leaving in its trail pain and misery for the people, many of whom are now at the mercy of the weather.
Narrating their ordeal, the paramount ruler of Kilama community, Chief Difference Nemigha said: “We have never experienced something like this before. I am 60 years. Our people have been rendered homeless, electric poles broken down, cassava and plantain farms all damaged. We need government support. They should find a way to send us relief materials; we are dying in pain.”
Unquantifiable destruction—Monarch
“We thank God no life was lost. It happened around 4:00pm. What we could describe as a similar incident happened some years ago, but it was nothing compared to this one. The other one removed the roof of only one building. Since then, we never had such experience until this one. I have asked the community's secretary to take inventory of all affected buildings, farms and infrastructure (private and public).  They are still on that task so we cannot give you the exact figure of damaged or affected property for now.
“The member representing Biseni/Okordia/Zarama Constituency in the Bayelsa State House of Assembly, Hon. Gentle Emela and the member representing Yenagoa/Kolokuma/Opokuma Federal Constituency, Hon. Douye Diri who came for an on-the-spot assessment of the damage in the area were taken aback by the level of destruction caused by the rainstorm.”
Also speaking, Godhelp Okorobia said: “We were in a family gathering. There was a sign of little rain and, within a short while; this storm started. We were still unaware of what was to come. My father's house was opposite where we were gathered. The next thing we saw was the roof of my father's house being removed.
“The violent storm continued for a while and we were trapped until after it subsided before we came out from the hall. As we came out, we saw everywhere scattered, electric poles; everything off. We were confused and helpless. People living in the affected buildings have been rendered homeless including seven of my tenants. My properties, including roofing sheets and ceiling, have been destroyed.”
We're helpless—Widow
Seventy-year-old Madam May Zuku, a widow whose home was affected while narrating their experience said: “I don't have hope on anyone who will come to my aid by giving me a roof over my head immediately.
“I am appealing to government and public spirited persons to, at least assist me re-roof the building so that I can have shelter. Since the death of my husband, I have been helpless. My heart is heavy and these incidents give me great concern.”
A lady, Gift Otufu, who narrowly escaped death when one of the electric poles fell right in front of where they were selling; said: “When the rain started, we were here (with their little baby) and, because breeze used to accompany rain, I never suspected that this pole will fall. But when the wind became strong, I decided to go into the house with my child. As I picked up my child and was about moving; I saw the pole as it started falling. I moved immediately to one corner and watched as it landed on the ground; scattering the zinc of my shade/table. The things I was selling, groundnut and others, were scattered and destroyed.”
Cry for help
Another victim, Mr. Kanarua Pinaowei said: “As I speak, all the 10 people living in this house have been rendered homeless. We were inside the house when the incident happened. It was by the grace of God, maybe one of those miracles; nobody got a scar except the little bruises under my feet. The roof was taken over 70 metres away from the building across the road. I want to call on the relevant authorities, the government and NGOs; this is a passionate appeal to all of them. Come to our rescue, it is an emergency. We are all now homeless. Come to our rescue.”
Tree-planting could have minimised damage—Environmentalist
The Environmental Rights Action/Friend of the Earth (ERA/FoEN) Bayelsa Head, Comrade Alagoa Morris who was in the area also expressed concern over the magnitude of destruction noting that the impact could have been minimised if trees were planted in the communities.
They said: “One major observation which could possibly be among the reasons the communities were seriously impacted, was the absence of trees across the Taylor Creek. A good collection of trees would have saved the community, as they would have served as windbreakers and lessen the velocity and landing force of the wind.”
Succour underway for victims
Meanwhile, Dr. Zedekiah Isu, the chairperson, State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) said the agency had commenced an assessment of the damage in the affected communities.
Isu, who spoke through the agency's Head of Administration Department, Mr. Torukuru Adakien, said the assessment was to ascertain the level of the disaster and the needs of the victims.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom pair Jonny Evans and Craig Dawson are being targeted by West Ham United this summer, according to reports .
Albion have shown a bit of resilience in recent weeks under Darren Moore, and Evans joined Dawson on the field as a substitute on Saturday as the Baggies fought back from two goals down to earn a point against Liverpool at The Hawthorns.
The Northern Irishman, who was a member of a quartet of players who allegedly stole a taxi during the club's mid-season, was booed onto the pitch by their own fans, after replacing James McClean.
Dawson, meanwhile, has been utilised at centre-back alongside Ahmed Hegazi under Moore, with Allan Nyom taking up the right-back role.
The Hammers, who are all but safe with four matches to play, sold Jose Fonte to Dalian Yifang of the Chinese Super League in January, and are need of defensive reinforcements.
David Moyes, upon replacing Slaven Bilic in charge of the club, has a contract until the end of the campaign but is likely to agree another, long-term deal.
Such a situation will likely need resolving before the Irons conduct any significant business this summer.
Albion are themselves expected to experience a high turnover of players this summer if and when relegation is confirmed, with plenty of arrivals and departures anticipated.
New favourite
In an ever fluctuating market, there is a new bookmakers' favourite for the West Brom job.
With Sky Bet, the new number one contender for the gig is Brentford boss Dean Smith - who still harbours ambitions to lead the Bees to the Premier League this season.
Smith, from West Bromwich, left nearby Walsall for Griffin Park in 2015 after four years at the Bescott Stadium, a spell in which they turned the Saddlers into League One promotion contenders.
Though the 47-year-old didn't enjoy the most comfortable of starts to life in the Championship, Smith appears have left their mark on the Londoners and after a run of seven games unbeaten they sit one point outside of the play-off places with two matches to play.
With Sky Bet, Smith's odds have shortened dramatically in the last few days - they have come in from 6/1 to 5/2 favourite.
Their name is not the only one to have been cut, either.
Current caretaker boss Darren Moore is now 7/2, having initially been an outsider to replace Alan Pardew.
Big Dave has taken five points in the three matches he's overseen, including results against Manchester United and then Liverpool this weekend.
Smith and Moore replace Mick McCarthy and Patrick Kluivert add the top of the lists with the bookies; both are now 5/1 and 6/1 respectively.
'It was a hot day!' Everything Darren Moore said about the dry pitch and the Liverpool point
The top of the list in full
Dean Smith: 5/2
Darren Moore: 7/2
Derek McInnes: 5/1
Mick McCarthy: 5/1
Patrick Kluivert: 6/1
Michael Appleton: 8/1
Lee Johnson: 10/1
Craig Shakespeare: 16/1
Beer and food expert Zach Rosen will lead a fundraiser at Aikido Kenkyukai Santa Barbara at 121A E. Mason St. from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Oct. 8.
Rosen is considered the world's youngest certified “cicerone” or sommelier for beer. They will present a variety of cheeses, chocolates and beers in a setting that will allow attendees to experience how these flavors complement and contrast each other.
“I strongly agree with the values that the martial art of aikido promotes and think it is a great platform for helping children develop peaceful solutions to life's problems,” Rosen said.
Lia Suzuki Sensei, founder of AKSB, said their nonprofit organization is providing South Coast residents with a path toward peace. It encourages the practice of the Japanese nonviolent martial art of aikido, promoting it as a vehicle for self-improvement and spiritual growth, and as a harmonious way to resolve everyday stress and conflict.
“When I lived in Japan, my colleagues and I would often joke that we practiced Aikido ‘to make the beer taste better,'” said Suzuki, who lived and trained in Japan for nearly 10 years. “Of course, aikido offers its practitioners tools for peaceful resolution of conflict, personal growth and spiritual development, but it's also just a great workout as well.”
To prove their point, Suzuki and certified instructors will be leading a special class before the event for all aikido practitioners, regardless of age, rank or affiliation. The class will run from 1 to 3 p.m. and ages will range from 4 years old to 99. Spectators and visitors are welcome.
“Bringing together the community while giving back to it is always a reason to celebrate,” Rosen said. “Plus, I love the opportunity to change people's perspective on beer.”
The beer will be donated by Union Ale and the food by Whole Foods Market. Taxi driver Bijan Yazdansepas of Checker Cab has pledged to donate 50 percent of all tips from the event back to the organization. Admission is free, with a donation to the organization.
For more information or to contribute, click here or call 805.870.5437.
— Lia Suzuki is the head instructor for Aikido Kenkyukai Santa Barbara.
Follow The Fam In The Morning: Follow @TheFamITM
Get your daily dose of The Fam Vitamin from DJ Quicksilva around 9:50 am on The Fam In The Morning.
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Future Market Insights delivers key insights on the global sleep apnea diagnostic system market in its upcoming report titled “Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016–2026.” The global sleep apnea diagnostic system market is estimated to exhibit a 7.3% CAGR by value during the assessed period, owing to numerous factors, about which Future Market Insights offers thorough insights and forecasts in this report.
The global sleep apnea diagnostic system market is segmented on the basis of product type, end user and region.
Although actigraphy monitoring devices of product type segment is expected to be the fastest growing segment over the forecast period, in terms of revenue share, currently the polysomnography monitoring devices sub-segment of product type segment offers the highest contribution in the global sleep apnea diagnostic system market. Polysomnography devices segment holds the largest market opportunity, accounting for a market share of approximately 40%.
The North America market has been estimated to dominate the global sleep apnea diagnostic system market, accounting for maximum revenue share of the market by 2016 end. Collectively, North America and Western Europe markets are expected to account for approximately 66% revenue share of global sleep apnea diagnostic system market by 2016 end. Western Europe is projected to exhibit a significant CAGR of 7.4% between 2016 and 2026, followed by the Japan sleep apnea diagnostic systems market.
To provide in-depth insights on the pattern of demand defining the global sleep apnea diagnostic system market, the market is segmented into different types of end users. The home care settings segment is likely to witness a significant CAGR of 8.0% in the next 10 years in value terms.
Request A Sample of Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-777
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Introduction
3. Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis, 2016-2024
6. Global Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis, By Product Type
7. Global Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis, By End User
8. Global Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis, By Region
9. North America Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
10. Latin America Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
11. Western Europe Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
12. Eastern Europe Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
13. APEJ Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
14. Japan Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
15. MEA Sleep Apnea Diagnostic System Market Analysis
16. Competitive Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sleep-apnea-diagnostic-system-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
Anthracene oil, also called green oil, consists of three benzene rings derived from coal tar. Anthracene oil is used in the production of carbon black. It is also a source of phenanthrene, anthracene and carbazole. This oil is considered the best antiseptic agent for wood and is so used for formulating sleeper-impregnating oils. In industrial applications, anthracene oil is obtained from coal tar after the heat treatment. Some of the distinguishable properties of anthracene include its wicked odor, high boiling aroma and others. The major constituent compounds of anthracene oil are anthracene, phenathrene, fluoranthene and pyrene. This oil has comparatively low economic value and is similar to one of those coal tar oils that is not affected by high temperature. Anthracene oil is mainly used for producing needle coke, which further finds usage as an electric steel furnace. Anthracene oil is used for producing high density coal based jet fuel feedstock. Carbon lack generated using anthracene oil is further processed as feedstock oil, asphalt blend oil and fuel oil or isolated as anthracene and carbazole crude product. Moreover, coal tar and coal tar pitches offers many solutions for consumer industry products and anthracene oil is one of the distillation products of crude coal tar. Anthracene oil is also used in drinking water, exhaust emissions, ambient air, smoke of cigars and cigarettes,and in smoked foods and edible aquatic organisms. Anthracene oil is also used in in the production of the red dye alizarin and other dyes. Due to its various uses, the global anthracene oil market is expected to grow with healthy CAGR during the forecast period.
Global Anthracene oil market: Market dynamics:
The major driving factor behind the global anthracene oil market is the rapid growth of the dye market. With increasing demand for anthracene oil for the preparation of cosmoline and extraction of other chemicals will upsurge growth in the global anthracene oil market. All these factors will lead to rapid growth of the global anthracene oil market. Growing production of coal tar is one of the other factors aiding the growth of the global anthracene oil market. Anthracene oil consumption varies according to the temperature treatment of the aromatic hydrocarbons. Increasing industrialization and consumption of specialty chemicals in almost all industries has become a prominent factor that will escalate the demand in the global anthracene oil market.
The chemical industry is highly fragmented and there are a number of competitors in the market and this will prove to be a restraining factor in the global anthracene oil market.
Global Anthracene oil market: Segmentation:
Global anthracene oil market can be segmented on the basis of its chemical compounds and applications.
On the basis of chemical compound, the global anthracene oil market can be segmented into:
Phenathrene
Fluoranthene
Pyrene
On the basis of application, the global anthracene oil market can be segmented into:
Chemical industry
Pharmaceutical
Oil and gas industry
Global Anthracene oil market: Regional analysis:
North America will dominate the global anthracene oil market, mainly due to the tremendous growth in the crude oil market in North American countries, such as the US and Canada. In Asia pacific, developing countries, such as china and India, are projected to witness considerable growth in the global anthracene oil market, mainly due to the growing industrialization. Furthermore, high demand for coal oil in European countries will add to market growth. Middle East countries are the hub of oil and gas market and thus, this region is expected to growth with high CAGR in the global anthracene oil market. Growth in the number of oil production plants will lead to new well discoveries in developing regions with sustained growth in domestic oil and crude fields. This is another factor that will become responsible for the growth of MEA in the global anthracene oil market in the coming years.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23470
Global Anthracene oil market: Market players:
Some of the prominent market players in the global anthracene oil market are:
Ask five basketball experts to rank the best players in the NBA and you'll get five different lists. But, every one of those lists would include Kawhi Leonard somewhere in the top-five.
Unless you ask Penny Hardaway for their top-five, apparently. The former NBA point guard dropped a fire take over the weekend, and by “fire” I mean “god awful.” Take it away Penny…
Penny with some shots on Kawhi. pic.twitter.com/tSa7Yg93lo — ClutchPoints (@ClutchPointsApp) August 13, 2017
“He's a good player.” Yeah, that's an understatement. The best perimeter defender in the league can also give you 25 points a game on 48.5% shooting, but he's merely “good.”
Leonard's play on both ends of the court is great and all, but we're gonna need to see them in more commercials talking to puppets before we anoint him. Same goes for Tim Duncan and Bill Russell. Sure, their 16 combined rings are impressive but have they ever appeared with Lil Yachty in a Sprite commercial? I don't think so. #NotMySuperstars.
Seriously, though, this is a terrible take. There have always been (and will always be) low-profile superstars in sports. Barry Sanders was undoubtedly a superstar and rarely talked to the media or starred in commercials. Mike Trout is the best baseball player on the planet and is barely recognizable to casual sports fans.
In a league full of stars, Leonard manages to stand out. They don't need a big social media presence or to appear in commercials to do so. Their game does that for him. Leonard will never be a crossover star, but they are certainly a “superstar player,” and has been for at least two seasons now.
Now, let's forget Hardaway ever let this nonsense come out of their mouth and just enjoy some of their highlights.
Much better.
Kevin Sayles, a real estate professional from Monrovia, CA is holding a series of real estate training courses this June. This month, Sayles is conducting a 3-event webinar series: the first named the “Probate ‘Speed Dating' Webinar,” the second named “Working Probate Leads,” and the final webinar called, “Making the First Contact”.
Kevin Sayles is the author of the best-selling book Probate Real Estate Sales 101. They train real estate agents and investors in the fast-growing probate real estate niche. Since the early 1990's, Sayles has been closing probate property transactions. Over the years, they organized their knowledge and materials into the book they authored.
Today, they continue to share their knowledge through products they sell on their ProbateRealEstateSales101.com website, and through their series of webinars, workshops and seminars where they shatter the top myths of probate and reveals their probate secrets.
Sayles explains, “There is a gold mine of opportunity in the real estate industry if you know where to look. People above 80 years old are the fastest growing demographic in America.”
They continue, “More than 64% of baby boomers plan to stay in their homes when they retire, and that is more than double what it was in the 1970's and 1980's. Of these baby boomer's homes, as many as 85% would end up in probate courts if the owners died.”
Sayles elaborates, “Many people are aware of the probate real estate niche, but they are not prepared for all of its oddities. However, probate is a growing real estate segment where sales are extremely flexible because nearly 80% of probate real estate is owned free and clear or has a large amount of equity.”
This is the catalyst that prompted their book and training series. As they helped agents and investors to close their transactions over the years, they realized that there is growing market for the knowledge they possess and they continue to share through their webinars and products.
In the first webinar in this series “Probate ‘Speed Dating',” webinar attendees will learn the basic probate real estate sales process in 20 minutes. Sayles, a veteran of the Los Angeles, California real estate market calls their course, “a ‘No-fluff' webinar that is quick to the point, and will train agents and investors how to make more money in real estate by working within the Probate niche.”
On the probaterealestatesales101.com website, the “Probate ‘Speed Dating'” webinar course explains that webinar attendees will learn:
– Why Probate Real Estate is important in 2017?
– Are there good deals in Probate? Why? How do you get them?
– What to do when you make the first contact and what info to gather?
– What is the sale process on a Probate Property?
– What is the difference between Court Confirmation vs. Non-Confirmation.
– How does the probate court bidding process work?
The Probate “Speed Dating” webinar will be held this Wednesday evening, June 14 at 6:00 pm.
The second event in the series will be the Working Probate Leads webinar. The probaterealestatesales101.com website explains this webinar as being designed to help real estate professionals get started finding leads and help them to put a property under contract. This course will answer the following questions:
– How do you obtain Probate leads?
– What do you do once you have them?
– How do you get the process started to build a probate pipeline?
– Who do you contact?
– Who is the decision maker?
– What do you say?
The Working Probate Leads webinar will be held Wednesday evening, June 21, at 6:00 pm
The final webinar for this June series will be “Making the First Contact.” Sayles encourages attendees, “Don't make the same mistakes so many agents and investors make on their first contact.” In this webinar, they will train attendees on what to do once the real estate professional has contacted the potential seller. This webinar will answer the following agent questions:
– What information you should gather?
– How to, and when can you put the property under contract?
– What are the next steps?
Participants in this webinar will also receive a free tool developed by Sayles to use during their first contact with a lead. “Making the First Contact” webinar will be held Tuesday, June 27, at 10:00 am. To attend any or all of the June webinar series, you must sign up at http://probaterealestatesales101.com/events/ . The webinar fees are $15 each webinar.
About Probate Real Estate Sales 101
Probate Real Estate Sales 101 is a website providing probate real estate training, and probate real estate coaching to real estate agents and investors. This information series offers probate real estate marketing materials, workshops, and webinars for lead generation and conducting probate real estate sales transactions.
If you would like more information on any of these webinars or any other Kevin Sayles speaking events, please call (800) 299-0709 or visit www.probaterealestatesales101.com
Contact:
Kevin Sayles
Address: PO Box 322, Monrovia, CA 91017
Phone: 800.299.0709
Email: info@ probaterealestatesales101.com
Website: https://probaterealestatesales101.com/
Posted on June 22, 2013 | 7:00 p.m.
Source: Keeter Family
Ellen G. Keeter, 96, of Santa Barbara, died June 18. A funeral Mass will be held at 10 a.m. Tuesday at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic Church 1300 East Valley Road in Montecito, with burial to follow at Santa Barbara Cemetery, 901 Channel Drive. Arrangements are by McDermott-Crockett & Associates Mortuary.
A new video has emerged showing Myanmar's police using excessive force against Rohingya Muslims in the western state of Rakhine.
A front-page story on Monday in the state-owned Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper said that the video clip was recorded by a police constable.
The footage shows Myanmar's police beating and kicking young villagers during an 'area clearance' operation. Three officers attack and beat dozens of Rohingya villagers.
Dozens of videos have emerged showing security forces abusing Rohingya, but this is the first time the government has said it will take action over them.
The November 5 incident was a rare official acknowledgment of abuses taking place in the region. The government of Myanmar has vowed to launch a probe into the video that has gone viral on the Internet.
The newspaper cited the office of State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi as saying that "measures are being taken to take action against those who violated police force rules." It was still not clear what punishment the police might face.
Several human rights group and international organizations have blamed security forces for abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine, including rape, killings and the burning of more than 1,000 homes.
Myanmar's military has launched a fresh wave of crackdown on Muslims since an attack on the country's border guards on October 9 left nine police officers dead. The government blamed the Rohingyas for the assault.
There have been numerous accounts by eyewitnesses of summary executions, rapes and arson attacks against Muslims since the crackdown began. The military has blocked access to Rakhine and banned journalists and aid workers from entering the zone.
The United Nations has warned that ongoing human rights violations against the Rohingyas in Rakhine could be tantamount to “crimes against humanity.”
Suu Kyi, who is themselves a Nobel peace laureate, has failed to ensure human rights for the minority Rohingya Muslims facing persecution in the Buddhist-dominant country.
Rakhine has been the scene of communal violence at the hands of Buddhist extremists since 2012. Hundreds of people have been killed and tens of thousands have been forced from homes to live in squalid camps in dire conditions in Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.
The government denies full citizenship to the 1.1 million-strong Rohingya population, branding them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. However, the Rohingyas are believed to be a community of ancient lineage in Myanmar.
According to the UN, the Rohingyas are one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.
Nearly a dozen years after the passage of the Patriot Act, rushed through Congress in an atmosphere of fear and intimidation, informed debate over the balance between liberty and security is long overdue. That includes a public examination of how widely and deeply the National Security Agency (and other elements of the “intelligence community”) may monitor Americans' telecommunications without violating the Bill of Rights.
But that needed discussion isn't enhanced by hysteria or the partisan opportunism it encourages. As others have noted already, the supposed revelation that the NSA is collecting metadata on telephone use in this country isn't exactly startling news. The fugitive ex-CIA contractor Edward Snowden, who leaked documents concerning that program to the London Guardian and the Washington Post, may yet unveil more startling revelations from their peculiar refuge in China. But anyone paying attention has known about this program since 2006, when USA Today first disclosed its existence.
The most important difference today is that Americans are no longer either frightened by the constant “terror alerts” of the Bush administration to consider the boundaries of surveillance and security. Rather than hyping the terrorist threat, like George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, President Barack Obama has repeatedly framed a calmer — if equally resolute — attitude toward Islamist extremism.
So while facile comparisons between the Obama and Bush administrations now appear every day in the media, they are quite misleading. Uttered by Republicans and their mouthpieces on Fox News, such arguments are hypocritical, as well.
Consider the single most important surveillance controversy of the Bush era, namely the warrantless wiretapping undertaken on the president's orders. In December 2005, The New York Times revealed that Bush had authorized the NSA to monitor phone calls and emails originating on U.S. territory, without obtaining warrants as required by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act or FISA. (That's why it was called “warrantless.”) For the first time since Watergate — and the intelligence reforms resulting from that true scandal — the U.S. government had eavesdropped on Americans' conversations without seeking the permission of a judge.
Only months before, Bush had claimed publicly that they were a flight attendant of civil liberties and that their agents always got a court order before implementing a wiretap. But their administration had been using warrantless wiretaps ever since the 9/11 attacks.
Those trespasses against liberty went considerably further than the collection of metadata by the NSA. No reports indicate that the Obama administration violated existing law to eavesdrop on any American — or listened to any calls without the sanction of the special FISA court.
Yet reaction to the recent stories about the NSA's policies has been far more intense than eight years ago. Pundits and politicians have compared Obama unfavorably with Richard Nixon, berating them as a tyrannical betrayer of civil liberties. A few prominent Republicans even seem determined to ruin the NSA, solely because they wish to embarrass the president — a motive that other Republicans attribute to Snowden, whom they vilify as a traitor.
Not a peep was heard from Republicans on Capitol Hill when Bush, their Vice President Dick Cheney and their lawyers were practicing and promoting the theory of the “unitary executive,” under which any act ordered by the president in wartime, including warrantless wiretapping, is deemed inherently legal and exempt from judicial review. What exercised the Republicans in those days was the temerity of the Times in revealing what Bush had done.
As for Obama, the complicated truth is a mixed record on civil liberties. They tried and failed to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, and they supported the renewal of the Patriot Act without changes. But they also substantially reformed the use of military commissions and abolished the use of torture, renditions and secret prisons. In ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, they have rejected the “permanent war” ideology, which the Bush regime deployed as a political weapon against dissent.
So far there is little evidence that Obama shares the dangerous theories of Bush and Cheney—but no president should enjoy the kind of exemption from Congressional scrutiny that their predecessors exploited. Whatever Snowden's intentions may be, they have inspired members of Congress to provide stricter oversight of the government's gargantuan data gathering efforts, which are inherently prone to overreach even under the most responsible supervision. At the very least, Congress and the public need to know how the government wields its powers under the Patriot Act—an interpretation that remains classified and thus precludes democratic oversight.
The president's response to that question will test their commitment to the Constitution they swore to uphold.
— Joe Conason is editor-in-chief of NationalMemo.com. Click here to contact him, follow them on Twitter: @JConason, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Headhunter president Wayne Doyle also alleged to have received $380,000 in welfare payments they were not entitled to, say MSD investigators.
Nearly $20 million flowed into bank accounts linked to Head Hunters boss Wayne Doyle over the past 15 years, according to the police.
Half of the money was banked in cash and $9.2 million was deposited into the account of the motorcycle gang's charitable trust which suggested the entities linked to Doyle were money laundering, said the Chief High Court judge.
Over that time, investigators from the Ministry of Social Development allege Doyle claimed $380,000 in social welfare payments they were not entitled to.
The forensic analysis formed part of the police case which satisfied Justice Geoffrey Venning there were grounds to grant orders freezing $6m worth of assets linked to the gang president.
Advertisement
Doyle, 62, is widely considered to be the godfather of the feared gang which has aggressively expanded across the country in recent years.
While other senior Head Hunters have been jailed in recent years for serious methamphetamine charges, Doyle - who was jailed for murder in the 1980s - has not been convicted of a serious crime for nearly 20 years.
Five properties across Auckland, including the gang's headquarters, linked to Doyle have been restrained by orders granted by the High Court in September after the police made an application under the Criminal Proceeds Recovery Act.
Justice Venning noted Doyle was unable to challenge the evidence presented by the police at the time of their ruling, which alleges Doyle and their former partner benefited from "significant criminal activity".
The allegations were strongly denied by Doyle, according to their defence lawyer Maria Pecotic who successfully opposed an application by the Herald to view the police evidence.
The addresses of the restrained residential homes, as well as the names of Doyle's children and grandchildren who live there, are suppressed.
Doyle is linked to six companies and trusts, including the Head Hunters' charity That Was Then, This is Now, which own four of the restrained properties.
As part of the police case, an investigation by the Ministry of Social Development alleges Doyle received $380,000 in social welfare payments over 23 years they were not entitled to.
About $19.9m was deposited into the bank accounts of the six entities associated with Doyle between 2002 and 2016 - half in cash - according analysis by the Serious Fraud Office.
"Further there is evidence from two recent drug investigations conducted by the police that payments were made to the Head Hunters East Chapter, to senior patched members of that chapter, and in the case of one to Mr Doyle directly and/or the other interests associated with him," Justice Venning said.
Armed police officers stand guard at the Head Hunters pad, also the office of the gang's charitable trust. Photo/NZ Herald.
Out of the total, $9.2m was deposited into the That Was Then, This Is Now charitable trust.
A "substantial number of cash deposits" were made by Head Hunters members and associates to the charity and labelled as "loans".
"Similarly, large sums of funds have been paid to Head Hunters members by the That Was Then This is Now Trust," Justice Venning wrote.
The judge said there also seemed to be a discrepancy of $2.4m between the trust's declared income and funds deposited into the bank account.
"There is an available inference the Trusts have been involved in money laundering," said Justice Venning, who noted the charitable status was under review.
The trust deed states the charity wants to be a bridge between prison and the community by integrating former inmates into society through fitness.
The gang recently won an appeal in an ongoing legal battle after the trust was deregistered as a charity.
Wayne Doyle, wearing black hat on right, pictured in 2009. Photo/NZ Herald.
The Charities Registration Board did not believe the trust was fulfilling its charitable purpose of rehabilitating prisoners, but agreed to reconsider the decision after an appeal to the High Court in April.
On the basis of the so-far uncontested evidence, Justice Venning was satisfied there were reasonable grounds to believe the properties linked to Doyle were acquired by fraud, criminal dishonesty, money laundering and other significant criminal activity.
These properties were restrained under the Criminal Proceeds Recovery Act which essentially forces someone to prove how an asset was paid for.
These cases are determined by the civil level of proof, the "balance of probabilities", rather than the much higher criminal evidential threshold of "beyond reasonable doubt".
"Police are committed to ensuring that people can not accrue wealth and assets as a result of criminal behaviour, at the expense of the safety of our community," said Detective Superintendent Iain Chapman at the time of the raids on Doyle.
Chapman also said police were looking for any information from the public or "professional bodies who are engaged in the financial affairs of the Head Hunters gang".
Detective Superintendent Iain Chapman, right, at the Head Hunters' pad when the property was seized. Photo/NZ Herald.
Operation Coin was the latest in a string of investigations into the Head Hunters across New Zealand over the last three years.
Guns, drugs, cars, cash - even stolen Star Wars figures - have been seized in Northland, Auckland, Tauranga, Rotorua, Wairarapa, Wellington, Nelson and as far south as Christchurch.
This has been a deliberate nationwide strategy to tackle the gang, which has aggressively expanded in numbers and geographic locations in recent years.
"The gangs were seen as controlling the methamphetamine market and getting stronger," said Chris Cahill, president of the Police Association.
"There has definitely been [a targeted] attack on the Head Hunters."
Firearms and ammunition seized from Head Hunters in Operation Genoa. Photo/NZ Herald.
Market Highlights:
The Mobility as a Service is new concept of service that provides the new opportunities to improve customer travel choice and support greater efficiency in how our transport services are provided to them to travel without facing any difficulties. Mobility as a Service is a new means of transportation system has broader scope to transform the way we choose the transportation medium to travel from one place to another and provides an opportunity for policymakers to secure benefits to improve the travelling experience of the people.
The study indicates that Mobility as a Service has generated high travel demand on transport networks and Mobility as a Service Provider has managed the mobility needs of both workplaces and employees that may support a reducing the traffic in peak hours. It describes a shift away from personally owned modes of transportation and towards mobility solutions that are consumed as a service.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3109
Major Key Players
Lyft (U.S),
Car2Go (U.S),
Uber (U.S),
Hailo (U.K),
Bridj (U.S),
Ridepal (U.S),
Ola (India),
Make my trip (India),
Wiwigo (India),
Grabtaxi (Singapore),
Didi Dache (China),
Lecabs (France), Cabify (U.S) among others.
Regional Analysis
North-America is dominating the Global Mobility as a Service Market with the largest market share and is expected to grow over its previous growth records by 2023. The advancements in ease of transportation system to handle traffic control and cover the distance in time is propelling the growth of Mobility as a Service in these regions. Mobility as a Service Market in Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a substantial CAGR during 2017 to 2023 as MaaS is providing best services to travel and security to the travellers which is increasing the demand for mobility as a service in the region. The European market for Mobility as a Service Market is expected to grow at a considerable CAGR (2017-2023).
Segments:
The global mobility as a service market has been segmented on the basis of type, application, services, end users and region.
Mobility as a Service Market by Online mobility System Type:
Buses
Cabs
Flights
Others
Mobility as a Service Market by Services:
E hailing services
Bike sharing services
Car sharing services
Pop up bus services
Self-Driving car services
Available routes
Pricing information
MaaS customer transaction validation
Real time asset/vehicle position
Asset usage by customers
Ride sharing
Transport Operator assets and services
Mobility as a Service Market by Application:
Personalized application service
Dynamic Journey management
Flexible payment
Transactions
Journey planning
Mobility as a Service Market by End-User:
Public sector
Private sector
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/mobility-as-a-service-market-3109
Intended Audience
Neilson Barnard/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — An extended trailer for Carpool Karaoke: The Series, a standalone show based on James Corden's popular Late Late Show segment is available on YouTube, and features previously unreleased footage with Will Smith, among others.
In the clip, Smith and Corden rap the theme from Smith's 1990s sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel Air. Other scenes include the two performing “Gettin' Jiggy wit It,” accompanied by a marching band, and singing R. Kelly's “I Believe I Can Fly” in a helicopter.
The trailer also features R& B artists John Legend and Alicia Keys singing with a choir in a laundromat; Billy on the Street‘s Billy Eichner and rockers Metallica leading supermarket shoppers and employees in the band's “Enter Sandman”; country star Blake Shelton and talk show host Chelsea Handler in a bar belting out a drunken version of Bon Jovi's “Livin' on a Prayer”; and wrestler John Cena and seven-foot former pro basketball player Shaquille O'Neal hillariously trying to squeeze into a tiny car.
Pop superstar Ariana Grande and Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane and Good Morning America co-host Michael Strahan and race car driver Jeff Gordon also show up in the video.
Carpool Karaoke: The Series will premiere on Apple Music.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham schoolboy who survived a terrorist attack which killed their brother and 150 of their classmates is spearheading a new West Midlands anti-terror campaign.
Ahmad Nawaz now tours schools giving talks warning teenagers about the risks of being radicalised.
Now 17, they were just 14 when, in 2014, they survived a Taliban attack on their school in Pakistan by “playing dead”.
But they witnessed their younger brother and all their classmates being slaughtered, and saw their teacher “burned alive” in front of their eyes.
Ahmad has now joined forces with the West Midlands Counterterrorism unit, which launched its latest campaign on Tuesday.
Chief Supt Matt Ward, head of the unit, said the initiative focused on asking members of the public to be officers' “eyes and ears” on the streets to prevent future attacks.
“We are asking people to look out for suspicious activity in their communities and report it,” they said.
“We are saying ‘phone us' if you see someone who doesn't look quite right or is doing something you think isn't right.”
Chief Supt Ward said it was a tip-off from neighbours about suspicious behaviour which led to police swooping on the home of Zahid Hussain in August 2015 in Alum Rock and thwarting their plot to blow up the Birmingham to London train line.
“The threat of a terrorist attack is undiminished with five attacks last year, others disrupted and lots of people still going abroad to Syria,” they said.
“But there is a period, between someone thinking of committing an act and actually carrying it out, where we have a chance to act.
“This period of preparation is the time when members of the public might see them acting suspiciously and should contact us.”
The campaign is being launched on Tuesday with videos and information put on social media platforms and the police's website.
A fourth bombing in Austin, Texas appears to be the work of a serial bomber, and Black residents in the state's capital are anxious after two Black men were killed while another pair were injured in previous attacks. The latest bombing seriously injured two white men in their 20's, but that hasn't eased rumblings that the bombings could be racially motivated.
ABC News reports:
Last night's detonation came hours after Austin Police Chief Brian Manley urged the suspect or suspects in the string of bombings to turn themselves into authorities.
At a news conference today, Manley said the latest bombing occurred when the two victims either stepped on or kicked a tripwire as they were walking on a sidewalk in the Travis Country neighborhood of Austin. The tripwire set off the explosive device that was placed near a fence at 8:32 p.m. Sunday, police said.
Manley said the victims, ages 22 and 23, were in stable condition at a hospital with “significant injuries.” Authorities did not release the names of the victims.
The other attacks took place on March 2 and 12, and Chief Manley said that Sunday's bombing was different in scope than the three before but still has made a plea to the suspect or suspects to turn themselves in.
Chief Manley also stopped short of calling the attacks racially motivated in a statement to CNN last week but hasn't completely ruled it out.
In related news, a concert by The Roots during the annual SXSW music conference was canceled after a bomb threat was issued via email. The suspect, Trevor Ingram, has been arrested.
—
Photo: Getty
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Albany, New York, February 15, 2017: Advancements in technology have changed the experience of doing the task in an easy way. In the recent years, numerous software for storing a large amount of data has become very much popular. To explore the global market size and growth, a new study titled “Global Storage Software Market Report 2017” has been added to the vast collection of Market Research Hub (MRH) research studies. This study represents the overall market scenario along with its future growth prospects for the forecast period of 2011 to 2021. With a detailed analysis of some key regions including North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, the report delivers major information like production, revenue, market share, gross margin, consumption and growth rate for the period of 2012 to 2017.
Request for Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=955557
Firstly, the report starts by defining the storage software market scope and market overview along with market segmentation. By the growing numbers of branch offices, servers and amounts of data, storage needs are continually increasing day by day. Also, organizations need to spend in software systems that will save and back up data. This is where storage software comes in. Currently, there are much new storage software tools which are available that aims to reduce the cost of disk-based storage to encourage adoption of the newer technology by all sizes of organization.
Furthermore, the report segments the market on the basis of types and application. By product types, it has been categorized into:
Cloud
On-premIses
Moreover, on the basis of applications, it can be classified into six types such as Telecom and IT, Healthcare, BFSI, Manufacturing, Retail and Government. The report further states that, due to recent laws enforced by governments of different countries, companies are shifting towards digital preservation of records, especially in the healthcare sector.
In the next section, the report majorly discusses the market competitiveness among the key market players. Storage solution vendors provide storage portfolio for both SMBs and enterprises to resolve issues, ranging from disk and backup systems up to data protection appliances. Some providers also offer hosted services that are more scalable and inexpensive for small and medium-sized businesses.
Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-storage-software-market-research-report-2017-report.html
Additionally, list of key players who are providing enhanced software storage solution to the organizations is mentioned in detail. It includes:
IBM
Oracle Corporation
NetApp
Hewlett-Packard
Dell
Huawei Technologies
Symantec
Hitachi
CA Technologies
EMC
In the end¸ the report concludes with the details like manufacturing cost analysis, industrial chain, marketing strategy and market effect factors analysis.
About Market Research Hub
Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH's expansive collection of Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps.
MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients.
Contact Us
90 State Street
Albany, NY 12207
United States
Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada)
Tel : +1-518-621-2074
Email : press@marketresearchhub.com
Website : http://www.marketresearchhub.com/
Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub
The Central Bank has begun laying the groundwork to accommodate a significant number of London based financial services firms looking to move their operations to Dublin in the wake of Brexit.
Gerry Cross, the bank's director of policy and risk, said the bank is poised to help businesses “think constructively” about relocation and would take a practical approach as firms look to get their business models approved and their company authorised.
Speaking to the Press Association, Mr Cross said the bank had seen interest from a significant number of firms. “We have seen inquiries and interest from a significant number of firms. These firms are of many different types and cover a wide range of activities. “We recognise the practical constraints that firms are facing. Particularly around some of the timing issues: for example setting up businesses in Ireland, getting authorisation and thinking about model approval,” they added.
“We have no objection to thinking constructively with firms about how this sequencing challenge might be addressed, without undermining our commitment to our responsibilities. ‘Grandfathering' is not the most helpful concept in this context; rather it is about having a practical approach while meeting our regulatory obligations.”
London's financial firms are waiting with bated breath to discover whether the UK can hold on to passporting rights which allow them to trade freely across the EU. The cost of a so-called “hard Brexit” to revenues in Britain's financial services sector has been estimated to be as high as £38 billion, with up to 75,000 jobs in the firing line. This is on top of a £10 billion hit to the Treasury's tax revenue, according to a study commissioned by TheCityUK.
Last week Ireland's Industrial Development Agency (IDA) said over 100 companies, many currently based in the City, have inquired about relocating to the country after Brexit.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mr Cross added: “There is also the important question of group-wide models and how they might operate. This can be a very complex question with many aspects including questions of supervisory reliance. “The Central Bank of Ireland's good and long-standing relationship with UK and other authorities means that we will be in a good position to work through these aspects effectively and efficiently.”
The Central Bank is bolstering staff numbers in its insurance supervision directorate by more than a quarter as it looks to welcome insurers from London. However, the bank has moved to deny reports that Ireland was discouraging firms wanting to move investment banking or trading operations to Dublin because of regulatory concerns.
In a speech earlier this month, Cyril Roux, the CBI's deputy governor, said: “We have not sought to dissuade any such entities from seeking authorisation nor are we planning to do so.”
The Central Bank has made clear that it does not want firms setting up small operations in Ireland just so they can access EU passporting rights. Mr Cross said firms must demonstrate that they have “proper business models, with convincing risk identification and management, suitable products, sound finances, and strong boards and executives” before gaining approval in Ireland. “The Central Bank has not ruled out, and is not planning to rule out, any particular business model on financial stability grounds,” they added.
The CBI moved to quash speculation that there was tension between the Bank and the Irish Government over firms relocating to Dublin post-Brexit. “The Government and the Central Bank communicate well. There is no material difference of view as to the role and approach of the Central Bank. We understand each other's roles well and their different respective natures.”
PA
Over the long Memorial Day weekend, rappers Drake and Pusha T gave the world something more entertaining than barbecuing and relaxing for three days straight — diss tracks, of course!
There's a long history of Drake and Pusha T going back and forth — the beef dates back to Pusha T's 2011 track, "Don't Fuck With Me" and, later, "Exodus 23:1" too. The gist of the last few years, then, is that Pusha thinks Drake has ghostwriters for their music, and Drake thinks Pusha should mind their own business.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But the feud just got taken to a whole new level with Pusha T's first album in three years, Daytona (produced by Kanye West).
Now, on "Infrared," a track from Daytona, Pusha T continues to go after Drake, who they say is using a ghostwriter named Quentin Miller.
"It was written like Nas but it came from Quentin."
But according to Drake's response, "Duppy Freestyle," Kanye themselves had Drake's help when writing the hit "Father Stretch My Hands" (circa 2016's The Life of Pablo album). They rapped:
"What do you really think of the n---a that's makin' your beats? I've done things for them I thought that they never would need. Father had to stretch their hands out and get it from me. I pop style for 30 hours, then let them repeat."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Back to the rap, then! Drake also basically called Pusha T a has-been.
"I had a microphone of yours, but then the signature faded. I think that pretty much resembles what's been happenin' lately."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And they also sent Pusha an invoice for their time. Zayum!
You're welcome. 🦉 A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi) on May 25, 2018 at 6:08pm PDT
Except, you know, the only thing more savage than an invoice is the receipts, which Pusha T provided in no uncertain terms in their new release, "The Story of Adidon." (Incidentally, this is also believed to be the name of a clothing collab Drake is set to drop with Adidas, so good luck with that rebranding y'all.) The artwork is believed to be an old photo of Drake in blackface, and the track has the same beat as Jay-Z's "The Story of O.J."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"The Story of Adidon" is three straight minutes of Pusha T flaming Drake, their OVO labelmates, their family, and more. And boy, is it good — well, not for Drake. In particular, also, Pusha T claims Drake had a baby with a porn star and is hiding the child, a son named Adonis, from the public eye.
"You are hiding a child, let that boy come home. Deadbeat mothafucka, playin' border patrol, ooh. Adonis is your son.
And they deserve more than an Adidas press run, that's real.
Love that baby, respect that girl. Forget she's a pornstar, let them be your world, yuugh!"
For an extensive breakdown of the lyrical shade and potential inferences, click through to Genius. Despite the social media firestorm currently raging over "Adidon," Drake has yet to respond to the track, or the blackface imagery But really, this is just tew much!
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — What's better, making a ton of small mistakes or just a few big ones?
The Rangers have been making those big mistakes, and it started to not just hurt their playoff position, but also to sway general manager Jeff Gorton toward selling in the lead up to the Feb. 26 trade deadline.
When that happens, these Blueshirts can look back on plays like the one captain Ryan McDonagh made in the first period on Thursday — turning over the puck in the defensive zone and giving the Maple Leafs a great scoring chance that they converted for the game-opening goal in a 4-0 trouncing at the Garden. It was the Rangers' first game back from their week-long All-Star break, and it got them off on the wrong foot as they embarked on a two-game road trip starting Saturday night against the Predators.
“We need to get back to playing well with the puck on our stick,” McDonagh said after practice Friday in New York. “That's the big thing, a couple turnovers and it results in some offensive chances for [Toronto]. Even though when we look back at the game, total chances weren't as high, a number that we like, we still want to manage the puck a little bit better.”
Coach Alain Vigneault had their team focusing on defense, trying to play a smart, conservative game, a style that doesn't allow for big mistakes. But while going 6-10-1 over their previous 17 games, their team couldn't stop giving up those big plays.
Total chances might have been down, but the opportunities they were giving up were too good, resulting in goals against and eventually losses.
“We're not giving up a lot,” Vigneault said. “We've tightened up, and we're not giving up a lot of chances. What we've given up, every team will. Just need to elevate our game throughout our team and that's the challenge we have in front of us.”
It's quite a big challenge if the Rangers want to stay in the playoff race. It has been difficult with the losses of Chris Kreider (rib resection), Kevin Shattenkirk (knee surgery), and now winger Pavel Buchnevich, out indefinitely with a concussion suffered against the Leafs. It's not going to get any easier if the Rangers deal away trade candidates and to-be unrestricted free agents Rick Nash and Michael Grabner, if not McDonagh and Mats Zuccarello, both with one more year left on their deals.
But the reason Gorton is considering trading them is because of the Rangers' play thus far, and because they are not believed to be contenders in the Eastern Conference, let alone for the Stanley Cup. And that's because they've made catastrophic mistakes on the ice.
“We just have to make a couple more plays coming out of our zone,” McDonagh said. “A couple times we turned it over and it cost us. But mistakes are part of the game. We need a big save, a big blocked shot, a big defensive play when that happens.”
see also Rangers sure look like sellers after getting blasted in return This type of performance is not going to convince anyone...
Big plays haven't been made, and neither have big saves from goalie Henrik Lundqvist, who had been pulled in two straight regular-season games for the first time in their career, entering Saturday. It has led to desperation on a nightly basis, just for the Blueshirts to avoid being embarrassed, as they were against the fast and skilled Maple Leafs.
But those are the types of teams with dreams of the Stanley Cup, and the types of teams that are going to be buyers at the deadline. This season, that doesn't include the Rangers, continually undercut by those big-time mistakes.
“We had a really poor performance at home, and we have to bounce back,” defenseman Brady Skjei said. “Every game is huge now. Have to treat each game like a playoff game.”
Turkish opposition parties and an international monitoring mission have questioned the handling of Sunday's referendum, which approved a new presidential system to govern the country from 2019.
“The only way to end ongoing discussions over the referendum's legitimacy is to annul it,” said Bülent Tezcan, a deputy chairperson of the Republican People's Party, which campaigned against the amendments. “The YSK [High Electoral Board] did not and cannot stage a safe election . . . This referendum will always be remembered as illegitimate.”
A spokesperson for the opposition People's Democratic Party claimed that about three million voters had been affected by the election board's decision to accept unstamped ballots, a move that was also criticised by independent observers of the poll.
Legal framework
Opposition parties have vowed to take the case to Turkey's constitutional court and European Court of Human Rights if their grievances are not resolved by the electoral board.
The referendum observation mission from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it, too, found numerous issues with the campaign, reporting it was carried out on an “unlevel playing-field”.
“The state took no steps to ensure voters were provided with impartial information. The work of the electoral board lacked transparency,” said Tana de Zulueta at a briefing in Ankara yesterday.
“The legal framework is inadequate to hold a democratic election . . . The 18 amendments were voted on in a single package, contrary to international standards. None of the proposed amendments featured on the ballots.”
Twenty-four of the OSCE's observers were dispatched across Turkey.
“We observed a restricted campaign . . . the [electoral board's] decision significantly changed the ballot's validity,” said Ms de Zulueta.
Difficulties registering
The mission also stated that people forced to flee their homes in provinces affected by security threats faced difficulties registering, and some were not able to vote. The regions in question are predominantly Kurdish-inhabited, a cleavage of society that largely voted against the proposed changes.
The report also noted that of the 92 recognised political parties in Turkey, only 10 were allowed to participate in the campaign, while no civil society groups were accorded permission to do so.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, however, claimed the OSCE's findings were politically motivated and that Turkey may hold a referendum to decide whether to continue its push for EU membership.
An editorial in the pro-government Daily Sabah said the Turkish people had emerged victorious in the referendum.
“Nine months after a failed coup attempt and amid an international smear campaign against their country, they came through and sent a strong message to Turkey's enemies,” it stated.
Political control
The referendum saw 51 per cent of voters backs changes to the constitution that would see the president take political control of the country after the next election, slated for 2019.
Analysts say the chances of the opposition's attempts to overturn the referendum's outcome are slim.
“We've seen over the last year that president Erdoğan and the government have almost total control of the judicial system. Past experience shows that any judge opposed to the government has been removed or jailed,” said Gareth Jenkins, a senior associate fellow at the Silk Road Studies Program.
Pots and pans
Protests against the referendum's outcome continued in more than half a dozen neighbourhoods across Istanbul and Ankara on Monday evening. On balconies across several districts of the city, residents took to banging on pots and pans, as they did during Mr Erdoğan's victory speech the previous night.
Hundreds of people gathered at the Kadiköy ferry port in an area in which 80 per cent of voters opposed the constitutional changes, and marched through the streets chanting slogans against the president. Unlike other protests and gatherings during the referendum campaign, no police were present on the streets.
The Home Of Steroids is offering you the very best way to buy steroids online from the most reliable as well as genuinely affordable vendor.
One way or the other, if you are an avid gym goer, odds are, at a certain point, you are going to begin to notice that you are lacking in any progress. You can no longer lift bigger weights and you are no longer able to gain more muscles as well. And this is where you will be facing a choice – continue working out in this manner, hoping to gain at least something in order to make the most from the form or go with an alternative method and simply inject steroids in order to boost your muscles.
With that said, steroids are far less detrimental than the media wants us to believe. In fact, if you are going to use them properly and without exceeding the dosages that were prescribed to you by your healthcare expert, you are going to see only benefits and will not have to be suffering from different unwanted side effects. Still, chances are, you are going to be off looking for the ideal combination of price and quality and the best vendor, which will not let you down. If that is so and you are hence subsequently already searching all over the World Wide Web, hoping to discover the ideal alternative, which will not let you down, we simply cannot aid but suggest you to certainly buy steroids online from The Home Of Steroids and for the best prices too. Indeed, regardless of whether you are looking for steroids that would help you on your cutting cycle or perhaps are more interested in gaining weight and bulking, you are going to be able to choose from the largest and most comprehensive collection of anabolic remedies out there.
Furthermore, The Home Of Steroids will allow you to Buy steroids uk for the most affordable prices out there and you will definitely be surprised with just how many products are currently available on the market in general. No matter what kind of fitness purposes you may have and regardless of what type of means you may be using in order to make the most from your needs and requirements, the given solution will not let you down.
About The Home Of Steroids:
The Home Of Steroids is offering the largest array of different steroids that will be perfect for just about any needs and requirements.
Contact:
Company Name: The Home Of Steroids
Email: support@thehomeofsteroids.com
Website: https://www.thehomeofsteroids.com
GM will be showing off SURUS fall meeting of the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) from October 9th to 11th.
“SURUS redefines fuel cell electric technology for both highway and off-road environments. General Motors is committed to bringing new high-performance, zero-emission systems to solve complex challenges for a variety of customers,” said Charlie Freese, executive director of GM Global Fuel Cell Business.
The platform uses GM's new Hydrotec fuel cell system that is comprised of a gen 2 fuel cells, storage tank that can provide a range of 400 miles, electric drive units, and a lithium-ion battery. This is placed onto a commercial truck chassis that will allow it handle various tasks and terrains such as military transport or a mobile medical unit in an area after a natural disaster. The platform also features autonomous tech.
General Motors has brought back a concept idea from their past for the modern era. This is SURUS (Silent Utility Rover Universal Superstructure) which takes the hydrogen skateboard platform from the GM Autonomy and Hy-Wire concepts from the early 2000s and supersizes it.
GM Outlines Possibilities for Flexible, Autonomous Fuel Cell Electric Platform
Washington, D.C. — General Motors aims to solve some of the toughest transportation challenges created by natural disasters, complex logistics environments and global conflicts. The company will display its Silent Utility Rover Universal Superstructure (SURUS), a flexible fuel cell electric platform with autonomous capabilities, at the fall meeting of the Association of the United States Army (AUSA) from Oct. 9-11, 2017. The commercially designed platform could be adapted for military use.
SURUS leverages GM's newest Hydrotec fuel cell system, autonomous capability and truck chassis components to deliver high-performance, zero-emission propulsion to minimize logistical burdens and reduce human exposure to harm. Benefits include quiet and odor-free operation, off-road mobility, field configuration, instantaneous high torque, exportable power generation, water generation and quick refueling times.
Fuel cell technology represents a key piece of General Motors' zero emission strategy. It offers a solution that can scale to larger vehicles with large payload requirements and operate over longer distances. SURUS was designed to form a foundation for a family of commercial vehicle solutions that leverages a single propulsion system integrated into a common chassis. The SURUS platform is equally well-suited for adaptation to military environments where users can take advantage of flexible energy resources, field configurability and improved logistical characteristics.
GM is evaluating multiple applications for SURUS, such as:
Utility trucks
Mobile and emergency backup power generation
Flexible cargo delivery systems
Commercial freight
Light- and medium-duty trucks, improving upon the Chevrolet Colorado ZH2 that has been evaluated by the U.S. military under guidance of the U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research, Development and Engineering Center (TARDEC) and is undergoing testing on bases
Future military-specific configurations
SURUS will deliver highly mobile autonomous capability and agility in unpredictable terrain. Operating multiple vehicles in a leader-follower configuration could reduce manpower needed. For future potential military uses, the system's inherent low heat signature and quiet operation offer benefits in environments to reduce detection and risks. TARDEC has been in discussions with GM evaluating the commercial SURUS concept as a next step of the broader collaboration to evaluate fuel cell technology for future military applications.
“SURUS redefines fuel cell electric technology for both highway and off-road environments,” said Charlie Freese, executive director of GM Global Fuel Cell Business. “General Motors is committed to bringing new high-performance, zero-emission systems to solve complex challenges for a variety of customers.”
The SURUS platform leverages GM's vast experience in fuel cell technology, high-voltage batteries and electric drive systems, autonomous driving and vehicle manufacturing. The platform boasts:
Two advanced electric drive units
Four-wheel steering
Lithium-ion battery system
Gen 2 fuel cell system
Hydrogen storage system capable of more than 400 miles of range
Advanced propulsion power electronics
GM truck chassis components
An advanced, industry-leading suspension
Hydrotec Technology
The SURUS commercial platform draws on GM's more than 50 years of research and development of fuel cell technology. The scalable and adaptable technology enables land, sea and air applications across commercial and military environments.
Since April 2017, the Army has been testing the commercial Chevrolet Colorado ZH2 on its U.S. bases to determine the viability of hydrogen-powered vehicles in military mission tactical environments. The vehicle has been operating in off-road conditions to evaluate its power generation, reduced odor, acoustic and thermal signatures, high wheel torque, extended operating range and the potential to use the byproduct water.
Military testing has shown the ZH2 reduced acoustic non-detection distance by 90 percent compared to current military vehicle in operation. This means the ZH2 can get 10 times closer before being detected. Leaders also observed the potential advantages for stationary power generation over diesel generators, including a significant reduction in idle noise and fuel use. Testing will continue through spring 2018.
Partnerships remain an important part of GM's electrification strategy. Last year, the U.S. Navy unveiled a GM fuel cell-powered Unmanned Undersea Vehicle (UUV) for testing purposes that leverages GM fuel cell technology common with the Colorado ZH2.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A deceitful driver is now behind bars after trying to con their way out of a speeding ticket.
Gary Green, 51, made up a string of lies in a bid to escape their punishment after being caught red handed travelling at 9mph over the speed limit.
They had been speeding at 39mph in a 30mph zone on Manor Lane, Halesowen when the speed camera clocked their Audi last August.
Green, from Bromsgrove, then tried to evade their penalty points by claiming they were a motor trader and had already flogged the car at that point.
But the name and address provided didn't exist and further investigation by West Midlands Police officers revealed Green had re-registered the car to themselves under a slightly different identity.The speeding ticket fibber persisted with their lies, even creating a fake receipt to say they had bought the Audi back weeks after the speeding offence.Even when clear CCTV revealed they were behind the wheel, they suddenly remembered collecting the car to have it MOT'd…then having a window repaired for the customer.
When asked to provide documents to check other vehicles they had allegedly bought and sold they eventually provided a receipt book.
But officers believed the perforations on the pages did not appear to marry up with the book – which was backed up by forensic examination.
With weighty evidence built up against him, Green, of Abbey Close, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice.
They were jailed for six months at Wolverhampton Crown Court last Wednesday (23 May).
PC Steve Jevons, from the Camera Enforcement Unit, said: “Speed limits are there to protect the lives of everyone on the roads.
“Green may have thought they were being clever with their lies but instead of a fine and penalty points they have now lost their freedom.
“The perforations on the paper claiming to be from the fake receipt book was the evidence which clinched their downfall.
"It just goes to show how eagle-eyed we are to secure justice.”
Moving to a different place every three years can be both exciting and challenging events in our lives as military families. It is often easy to let the health of ourselves and our children fall to the wayside. April is Month of the Military Child, and to honor our children the Wiesbaden Army Health Clinic is focusing on ensuring their well-being.
Childhood obesity is a significant issue that exists within our country, and the number of children affected by it continues to rise. There are three essential components that can help to reduce the incidence of childhood obesity: good nutrition, adequate sleep and exercise. Not only will these components reduce the occurrence of childhood obesity, but they are also important for normal growth and development.
A school age child's daily intake requirements should be two to three cups of fruits and vegetables per day, five to six ounces of protein per day, at least eight to 10 hours of sleep each night, and one hour of exercise per day. These requirements are important for children to be able to grow to their full potential, be at their very best for school, and stay fit.
So what does good nutrition, adequate sleep and exercise look like for your child? The answer is, it varies depending on age. Children ranging from newborn to 18 years of age all have different nutritional, sleep and exercise requirements. Kidshealth.org is a great website that breaks this all down for you depending on your child's age.
Parents are great role models for encouraging children to live healthier lives. So with that, set examples for your children by eating nutritious meals, going to bed on time to get a sufficient amount of sleep, and exercising daily. Parents, join us in celebration of Month of the Military Child by encouraging your children to eat healthier, sleep better and exercise daily. This will ensure that our military children will live long and healthy lives.
Seven people have been injured in two bomb explosions at a gas station in a city in the Philippines' militancy-riddled south, police authorities say.
The twin blasts took place on Monday evening in the city of Tacurong on Mindanao Island, local media outlets reported.
In the first incident, an improvised explosive device was thrown on the roof of the gasoline station, according to the reports.
According to regional police spokesperson, Superintendent Romeo Galgo, two soldiers, three police officers and two civilians were wounded when a second blast went off several minutes later than security forces were trying to cordon off the area.
They also said that two suspects were identified and later arrested in connection with the bomb attacks.
“We cannot conclude yet that this is an act of terrorism. We are looking at all angles as there are threat groups in surrounding areas,” Galgo said.
The Philippines is already on alert for sporadic terror attacks in the country, particularly in its southern parts, where the terrorist groups of Abu Sayyaf and Maute operate. Both groups have pledged alliance to the Takfiri Daesh terrorist group, which is itself mainly active in Iraq and Syria.
They are involved in other criminal activities, including rape and drug trafficking, in what they describe as their battle for an independent province in the Philippines.
The groups mainly rely on kidnapping for providing their finances and many say their ideological and religious claims are meant to hide their focus on the lucrative business. The militants have been in constant clashes with Philippine forces across the troubled region in the past 25 years.
Another group active in the southern Philippines is the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, but those militants are engaged in peace talks with the government.
The deadliest recent terrorist attack in the Philippines occurred last year in September, when 15 people lost their lives in an explosion in President Rodrigo Duterte's hometown of Davao.
Drones are a true “threat from above”, as the drones available today are no longer the simple toy for kids or a hobbyist, they are increasingly being used for spying, drug smuggling, and industrial espionage. To make matters worse, drones are giving police, governments and security industries a new challenge, as they can be easily fitted with weapons or explosives to cause harm to rivals or governments. The global drone identification market is expected to show robust growth due to certain factors such as the increasing incidents of security breaches across the globe, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) mandates for identification of drones, vulnerability of drones to hacking, hijacking, spoofing, and cloud-based attacks. The introduction of smart detection systems equipped with sensors having broad detection range are rendering lucrative opportunities to the market players. Among various market strategies new product launch was the key strategy adopted by the leading players to sustain their position in the drone identification market.
Drone Identification Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on technology, end user, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the drone identification market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the drone identification industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-identification-market/request-sample
Drone Identification Market Segmentation
By Technology
• Countermeasures
o Laser systems
o Traditional kinetic systems
• Electronic Systems Identification & Detection
o ADS-B
o Acoustic
o Light sense
o RF sensing
o Electro-optics
o Drone surveillance radar
o Others
By End User
• Military
• Commercial
• Homeland security
By Application
• Drone Mounting
o Drone Type
Tactical drones
Special purpose drones
o Strategic Drones End use
Combat operations
Intelligence, surveillance & reconnaissance
• Ground Station
o Energy
Power Generation
Nuclear power plants
Thermal power plants
Renewable energy power plants
Oil & Gas
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
Power grids
o Transport
Airports
Seaports
Railway infrastructure
Highways and bridges
o Critical Infrastructure
Communication systems
Chemical and manufacturing
Stadiums, holy places, and public places
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI)
Government Facilities and Defense Establishments
Others
Drone Identification Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the drone identification market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on drone identification market covering specific country/region only
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-identification-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Athletics as escapism makes sense. A recent New York Times op-ed writer reminded us that that talking sports offers a "way for people who have diametrically opposed politics to share a beer at a bar."
Well, if you enjoy sports only as an escape from political give and take, there's some bad news: You can no longer enjoy the NBA.
Take this past Wednesday, which began with LeBron James — the defending NBA champ — addressing Donald Trump's travel ban head on. "I stand with the many, many Americans who believe this does not represent what the United States is all about," James told The Hollywood Reporter. "We should continue to speak out about it."
That same day, Steph Curry — the defending MVP — publicly parted ways with the CEO of Under Armour, their corporate partner, who'd called Trump an "asset" to America. "I agree with the description," Curry told The Mercury News. "If you remove the '-et' from asset."
At first, this might just sound like defiance from a couple of athletes. But listen to their bosses.
Listen to Golden State coach Steve Kerr, whose own father was killed in a terror event in Beirut in 1984, discuss the travel ban two weeks ago.
"Having lost my father, if we're trying to combat terrorism by banishing people from coming to this country, it's the wrong way to go about it," Kerr said.
And there's San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich taking on America's racial divide this month.
"It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse," they said. "I mean, we have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimize our president."
Now, basketball has not always been our most political sport. In the 1990s, Charles Barkley offered a rather different assessment of their public platform: "I am not a role model. I am not paid to be a role model."
NBA was where Michael Jordan, Barkley's teammate on the '92 Dream Team, reportedly backed away from endorsing a Democrat, saying, "Republicans buy sneakers, too." [Editor's note: This Jordan quote has been questioned as apocryphal.]
But '92 was actually a turning point.
That Olympic "dream team" exported basketball across the planet, bringing about a new age for the game and making basketball our most cosmopolitan and personality-driven sport.
Three-fourths of the league today is black. One-fourth of the league is foreign-born. Two NBA players, Luol Deng and Thon Maker, were born in Sudan, but to us they're just NBA players.
Yes, baseball may be our national pastime, and football our national addiction. But the NBA is our nation itself: an outspoken, melting pot of a family — whether you enjoy that, or not.
Good news for mountain biking, cycling and Off Roading enthusiast, The first dedicated mountain biking & Off roading resort “Balaut Adventure Camp – Resort” starts at Village Suryajala, Nainital, Uttarakhand.
Suryajala, Nainital, Uttarakhand, India, December 11, 2017 — Good news for mountain biking, cycling and Off Roading enthusiast, The first dedicated mountain biking & Off roading resort “Balaut Adventure Camp – Resort” starts at Village Suryajala, Nainital, Uttarakhand. This resort is located at an heavenly picturesque location surrounded by river and forest area.
According to Diksha Chand manager at the Balaut Adventure Camp – Resort “we have developed several bicycling treks around the resort suitable for pro and hardcore riders both. Balaut also provides training to the budding cyclist who intend to participate in professional racing events. We also have several Off roading tracks available for extreme off roaders”.
Balaut also offers heavy discounts to the cyclists and off roaders in its Camp and cottages. This property has an area more than 3 lakh square fits enough for in-house activities.
Vikas Kirola an extreme off roading expert also incharge of Off roading activities at Balaut told “We have our own fleet of modified Jeeps and gypsy, We take our guest to different level of difficulties in the river and sharp inclines and decline in the forest area.” All the activities are done with keeping the safety of guest in mind. Anyone interested in doing extreme off roading in Nainital is most welcome at Balaut.
Balaut Camp –Resort offers 10 Alpine tents and 6 luxury cottages for stay. High-end mountain bicycles are also available on rent. This property is a mecca for people in search for adventure activities in Nainital a most visited tourist place in India. visit www.balautadventurecamp.com for more details about the property.
Contact:
Siddhant Kirola
Balaut Camp
Suryajala, Nainital
Uttarakhand, India
9068511234
siddhantkirola@gmail.com
http://www.balautadventurecamp.com
Saturday
DIVISION ONE
Tyrone v Dublin
Omagh, 7.0
Last summer's crushing performance by Dublin was a stark departure from the claustrophobic league encounters between these two. This is Jim Gavin's first visit to Tyrone since 2014. That 1-15 to 3-10 win set the tone for a series of riveting league cat-and-mouse affairs. The Ulster champions are on the back foot slightly after an underwhelming show against Galway. The All-Ireland champions can expect fire and fury and will look to lay an early marker with a road win.
Mayo v Kerry
Castlebar, 7.0
Build it and they will come. Not even the lure of a fireside Six Nations afternoon will halt the usual droves of Mayo fans who show up year in year out for these occasions. Last year's championship encounter between the two was pure drama. Éamonn Fitzmaurice looks happy to test the theory that you can't win anything with kids, but the visitors may struggle for physique if Mayo roll out a few of their eternal boys of summer.
DIVISION TWO
Cavan v Louth
Breffni Park, 7.0
A late free by Bryan McGee dug the Cavan men out of a hole to salvage an important draw in Ennis against Clare. Tonight's home match presents them with an important chance to gain momentum against a Louth team still adjusting to life in Division Two with new manager Pete McGrath.
Sunday
(2.0 unless stated otherwise)
DIVISION ONE
Kildare v Monaghan
Newbridge
The Lilywhites looked a little naive against Dublin a week ago but will have learned a lot. Daniel Flynn was at the forefront of an athletic effort and, for 35 minutes, they matched Dublin. It is something to build on. Conor McManus's return can't come quickly enough for Monaghan, but they don't know how not to compete for everything going. Draw.
Donegal v Galway
Letterkenny, 2.30
A very useful opening-day win for Galway puts them in good stead for this intriguing match against Declan Bonner's free-scoring Donegal team. Kevin Walsh has added Paddy Tally to their management squad to tighten the defensive bolts, and the front-of-house looks exciting. The newly returned Odhrán MacNiallais caught the eye in Kerry but Leo McLoone, hugely influential in the Jim McGuinness era, is also back in the heart of defence. Unpredictable game but Donegal need to reverse a shocking record at this ground.
Down's Connaire Harrison. Photograph: Ryan Byrne/Inpho
DIVISION TWO
Down v Cork
Páirc Eisler, 1.30
This is not an ideal assignment for Ronan McCarthy's Cork team straight after their disappointing opening outing against Tipperary. With Cork hotly tipped to shoot up to division one, this match suddenly becomes a must-win. The loss of Seán Powter, their find of last year, for the rest of the league, is a bad blow for player and county. Ryan Johnson is expected to feature for Down. Closing down Connaire Harrison is a must for Cork but this looks a tough assignment.
Tipperary v Roscommon
Semple Stadium
Tipp's 3-8 second-half blitz on Cork last weekend was a notice of intent and intensifies the jostling for places. Liam Kearns has done exceptional work with this group. Roscommon needed a late penalty to earn a home draw a week ago and need to display their promotion credentials here. Conor Devaney and Diarmuid Murtagh will be available to the visitors despite concern over injuries.
Meath v Clare
Páirc Tailteann
An almost-magical start for Andy McEntee's team reverts to the basic requirement of a home win here. Meath registered 1-5 from the bench, including a goal by Eamonn Wallace in almost toppling Roscommon. Clare will feel they blew a promising position last week and will be nobody's pushover, but Meath have to win this if they want to make a promotion push.
DIVISION THREE
Fermanagh v Offaly
Brewster Park
A terrific league start for Rory Gallagher's Fermanagh leaves them heavy favourites to establish themselves as the pace-setters here. Stephen Wallace makes four changes to the team heavily beaten last weekend, including a debut for former League of Ireland goalkeeper Paddy Dunican.
Sligo v Wexford
Markievicz Park
Two teams very hungry for a win. Tough for Wexford footballers as they operate in the midst of the hurling revolution and could struggle here against Cathal Corey's young team.
Longford v Derry
Pearse Park
Benny Heron, Carlos McWilliams and Terence O'Brien return to deepen a Derry side seeking to get their season off the ground. They face a tough task against a Monaghan team who have started brightly.
Westmeath v Armagh
Cusack Park, 2.30
Respective managers Colin Kelly and Kieran McGeeney have emphasised that they won't be getting away by opening day wins. Privately, both will target this one. Armagh to edge it.
World stocks were flat on Wednesday amid growing anxiety ahead of Washington's end of week deadline to impose tariffs on Chinese imports. The MSCI All-Country World index, which tracks shares in 47 countries, was lower by less than 0.1 per cent on the day, recovering slightly from a 0.2 per cent fall earlier. Washington has said it would implement tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports on July 6th, and Beijing has promised to retaliate in kind on the same day. However, China's finance ministry said it will “absolutely not” fire the first shot in a trade war with the United States and will not be the first to levy tariffs. Concerns about the outbreak of a global trade war have, among other factors, prevented a sustained recovery in global stock markets since a violent sell-off knocked them off records highs in February.
DUBLIN
The Iseq index closed marginally up at 6,975 after what was described as a quiet day's trading in advance of the US deadline. Shares in FBD, which yo-yoed this week following news that its chief executive, Fiona Muldoon, was the subject of an internal inquiry, traded flat at €10.45. Ryanair, which has become embroiled in industrial action with pilots threatening planning a one-day strike next week, rose marginally to €15.60. Building materials group CRH, which has considerable operations in the US and is therefore exposed to a global trade war, was also up at €30.32.
PaddyPower Betfair was up 5 cents at €93. Drinks maker C&C traded up 2 per cent at €3.31 ahead of its annual general meeting in Dublin on Thursday. Packaging group Smurfit Kappa traded flat at €34.58.
LONDON
Britain's top share index lost some ground on Wednesday, weighed down by weakness among miners and energy stocks, though investors cheered Sainsbury's trading update. The blue chip FTSE 100 index closed down 0.3 percent at 7,569.31 points, slightly underperforming a roughly flat European market. A rise in the pound following better-than-expected UK services PMI data also weighed on FTSE constituents that rely on dollar earnings. Mining stocks weighed on the British index, with Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Antofagasta 2.3 per cent to 2.7 per cent lower than underlying metals prices continued to struggle, hit by concerns over trade tensions between the United States and China. Likewise shares in big oil stocks BP and Royal Dutch Shell declined 0.2 and 0.5 per cent respectively. Trading more broadly has been choppy before a July 6th deadline when the United States is set to impose tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese goods. Among standout gainers, supermarket Sainsbury's, rose about 3 per cent after it gave an update on trading in its fiscal first quarter. Though sales growth slowed in its latest quarter, the 0.2 per cent rise in like-for-like retail sales was ahead of analysts' average forecasts.
EUROPE
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was last down 0.1 per cent, see-sawing from positive to negative territory during the day. Germany's exporter-heavy Dax fell half a percent and Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.3 per cent. A Chinese court temporarily banned Micron Technology from selling chips in China, the world's biggest memory chip market, hitting shares in US stock overnight and Asian semiconductor stocks on Wednesday.
Europe's tech sector was fell 1.5 per cent led by falls in chipmakers STMicro and Infineon, which were down by nearly 8 per cent and 2.5 per cent respectively. “The biggest risks to the technology sector are regulation and global semiconductor disruption from an escalating trade war,” Peter Garnry, head of equity strategy at Saxo Bank, said. “At this point, the probabilities for both scenarios having major impacts on the technology sector in the short term are low,” Mr Garnry said.
NEW YORK
US markets were closed on account of the US Independence Day holiday. - Additional reporting by Reuters
PRIOR LAKE, Minn. (AP) — Pop singer Gwen Stefani will close out a star-studded Super Bowl week in Minnesota.
The three-time Grammy winner will headline at Club Nomadic at Mystic Lake Casino Hotel on Sunday, Feb. 4.
Stefani is the final headliner. Other acts at Club Nomadic include The Chainsmokers on Thursday, Feb. 1; Ellie Goulding and Norwegian electronic dance music artist DJ Kygo on Friday, Feb. 2; and Florida Georgia Line on Saturday, Feb. 3.
Stefani joins a growing list of performers who will be in Minnesota during Super Bowl week. Others include Jennifer Lopez, who will perform at Nomadic Live! on Super Saturday Night. Sheila E., the Revolution and Morris Day & the Time will perform a Prince tribute as part of a series of free concerts.
Advertisement
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to gunman in the mass shooting at a Las Vegas country music festival is being charged for illegally manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
Douglas Haig, who had been called a person of interest in the investigation, faces a charge of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition while not being licensed to do so. According to a criminal complaint filed Friday, unfired bullets found in shooter Stephen Paddock's hotel room had Haig's fingerprints.
READ THE COMPLAINT HERE
Haig said in a press conference Friday that Paddock didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes. Later Friday, they appeared in federal court in shackles with their lawyer, Marc Victor. The judge ordered them to surrender their passport, guns, ammunition and tools used to manufacture ammunition.
They appeared this afternoon before U.S. District Court Magistrate Judge Michelle H. Burns and was released on a bond with conditions pending a status conference regarding scheduling of a preliminary hearing on Feb. 15 in Phoenix.
If convicted, they face the statutory maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine, or both.
Haig met Paddock for the first time at a gun show in Las Vegas on Aug. 27 when Paddock purchased several packages of ammunition. Paddock then met Haig again at a Phoenix gun show on Sept. 9.
According to the criminal complaint, Paddock had tried to buy bulk ammunition at the show, but the transaction could not be completed because the show was closing for the day. Haig and Paddock exchanged numbers and agreed to coordinator Paddock's future purchase of ammunition. The complaint states that Haig spoke to Paddock on Sept. 19 and provided them directions to their Mesa, Arizona, residence, where the sale was later completed.
The ammunition was put in an Amazon box that was later found in Paddock's room at Mandalay Bay hotel-casino after the shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
While Haig does not have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, they had a website where they sold specialized military ammunition, including armor piercing ammo, according to the criminal complaint. The website was later taken down.
In addition, armor-piercing ammunition was found during a search of Haig's Mesa residence.
Business records showed that Haig sold armor piercing ammunition throughout the U.S., including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming, and South Carolina.
Thinkstock/Venerala
New York magazine's juicy feature about a faux heiress who scammed their way through fashionable New York society is worth reading for many reasons: The woman at its center, Anna Delvey, aka Anna Sorokin, is a fascinating, Edith Wharton–worthy villain (or hero???) for our times, and their relationships offer a damning commentary on the transactional nature of rich-people (or all-people???) friendships. The brands, locales, and names dropped in it are to die for—Céline sunglasses, the Venice Biennale, Macaulay Culkin. Martin Shkreli even shows up at one point, by way of “a letter from the penitentiary.”* But if you're a reader who keeps an eye on matters technological, the detail in the story that you'll want to fixate on concerns a futurist that Delvey dated circa 2015, someone “on the TED-Talks circuit who'd been profiled in The New Yorker”:
For about two years, they'd been kind of like a team, showing up in places frequented by the itinerant wealthy, living out of fancy hotels and hosting sceney dinners where the Futurist talked up their app and Delvey spoke of the private club they wanted to open once they turned 25 and came into their trust fund.
The article only mentions this futurist one more time—after failing to launch their app, they reportedly moved to the United Arab Emirates in 2016. But this is a futurist we're talking about. And the thing about the futurism community is that it's wonky, specialized—and generally not likely to be invoked in a delicious blind item. Futurists speak at conferences; they don't date fake heiresses!
A few people on Twitter have also alighted on this detail as ripe for some guesswork:
We've got to be able to figure out who The Futurist is. My first guess was Shingy but they do not appear to have moved to Dubai. https://t.co/QAbSjPtx4l pic.twitter.com/hQJKtQbrsf — Dylan Matthews (@dylanmatt) May 29, 2018
Who is the futurist in @jpressler Anna Delvey story? Some say it's Ray Kurzweil. More snooping suggest it could be Paul Epping. Any other ideas?https://t.co/JOpypydOf1 — manu saadia 🔥🌹🖖 (@trekonomics) May 29, 2018
The New Yorker has indeed profiled Ray Kurzweil and Shingy, though neither of them seem to have lived in the Emirates. Kurzweil, the futurist known for predicting the singularity, works with Google and is 70 years old, so it would be pretty odd if they were Delvey's former boyfriend. Shingy, aka David Shing, has the title “digital prophet” at Oath, the company that used to be AOL, and some have argued that's basically code for “con man.” But the Oath gig would seem to disqualify them from being our man in this case, which is a shame, because their shtick is pretty outrageous. Surely there are other futurists out there who fit the criteria—conjecture away!
“Futurist” is a vague enough title that technically anyone can call themselves one, just like practically anyone can be an “entrepreneur.” Elon Musk is a futurist, but then again so are a bunch of random guys you've never heard of. A profile in the New Yorker would seem to imply that the futurist in question is somewhat legit, i.e., not a complete grifter, though, given the association with Delvey, they also would need to be at least partly full of it. Does this article imply that all futurists are at least somewhere on the scammer spectrum? Rarely has futurism's name been dragged through such illustrious mud—and it's not a coincidence that it might be the most fun the field has ever been. Like the future itself, New York magazine's blind item is potentially unknowable but endlessly debatable. Who cares about the answer? The fun is in the wild speculation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thirty firefighters battled a major blaze which ripped through a building – leaving roads closed and buses diverted.
Drivers were urged to avoid parts of Walsall after the fire broke out in Corporation Street, Caldmore, just before 5.10am on Monday.
Six crews were at the scene and fought the flames while wearing specialist breathing equipment.
Corporation Street was closed from Caldmore Green to Rutter Street.
Drivers were also asked to stay away from Watery Lane and Victor Street.
No-one was injured and the cause of the fire was being investigated.
The blaze broke out at a property containing commercial units and homes.
But the incident was scaled down at around 9.10am and Corporation Street was expected to reopen by around 10am.
The diversions added to the problems facing drivers on Monday morning, with side roads left treachorous by hours of snowfall.
When California voters legalized recreational weed in 2016, they made the law retroactive, allowing residents to petition to overturn or reduce old convictions for possession, cultivation and distribution of marijuana.
But it is a difficult and expensive legal procedure, advocates say, and many people are not even aware they are now eligible to clean up their records. State courts received 4,885 petitions in the first 11 months after Proposition 64 passed, while the pro-legalization Drug Policy Alliance found more than 460,000 arrests for marijuana offenses between 2006 and 2015 alone.
Assemblyman Rob Bonta is hoping to simplify the process. The Alameda Democrat's Assembly Bill 1793 would require courts to automatically expunge the records of Californians convicted of offenses that are now legal under Proposition 64, such as possessing up to an ounce of weed and growing up to six plants for personal use, and to resentence those individuals whose crimes, such as selling marijuana, were reduced from felonies to misdemeanors.
“We're just saying, ‘Move it along. Get it done,' ” they said.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The legacy of racially unequal enforcement also motivated the measure. California police arrested black people for marijuana offenses at more than twice the rate of Latinos in 2015, according to the Drug Policy Alliance, and more than triple the rate of white people.
Bonta said their bill could provide a fresh start, including better employment and housing opportunities, to those who may not have the resources to petition in court: “It tries to create some justice where there was such injustice in the failed War on Drugs.”
AB 1793 faces high hurdles; it requires a two-thirds vote, and could face heavy opposition from the same law enforcement groups that campaigned against Proposition 64. Associations representing police chiefs and district attorneys said they have not yet taken a position on the bill.
As it moves it way through the Legislature this session, however, momentum may be building in local communities. San Francisco District Attorney George Gascón announced this week that their office plans to wipe more than 3,000 misdemeanor marijuana convictions dating back to 1975, and will review nearly 5,000 more felony cases for possible resentencing.
I think it's fair to say that Theresa May did not have a cracking conference, but the sympathy vote might even help them I certainly felt sorry for the Prime Minister, and instinctively don't like the nasty playground teasing from the Men of Twitter. (She does have diabetes, too, which can't help.)
But they have to go nonetheless, not because she's unlucky but because they have a tin ear; why else would they choose to raise such issues as racial discrimination in mental health, sores that can't be healed but which invariably paint the Tories as the ‘Nasty Party' – a Ratnerism they coined. Ditto with tuition fees. As for their plan to build more council houses – only an extra 5,000 a year, as it turned out – and dealing with housing inflation with further cash for ‘Help to Buy', these are woeful non-solutions, when we desperately need Right to Build.
Which 4 or 5 things should Britain prioritise? 18-24 yr olds versus pensioners Good luck Britain pic.twitter.com/qT8BXpwNGo — Matthew Goodwin (@GoodwinMJ) October 4, 2017
House-building, along with ‘Our NHS', is pretty much the only thing the young and old can actually agree on, the youth vote otherwise being a total lost cause for the Tories. Not that homes will be the silver bullet – as long as we have an economy filled with low-skilled temporary jobs then new properties will continue to get taken up by migrants doing skivvy jobs for London's middle class and young Britons will still find themselves locked out of the sought-after zones 2 and 3 properties their parents and grandparents could afford. But, since the young cannot see the contradiction between their desire for an affordable home and their belief in free movement as a global citizen, there's little that can be done about that.
My instinctive reaction to the Tory youth problem is that maybe we should stop pandering to a demographic whose prefrontal cortex hasn't fully developed, part of a desperate urge for middle-aged people to gain the plaudits of the young and beautiful. (Rather like those types who tweet about the profound things their 8-year-old has told them about politics, which in no way are just their own opinions parroted back at them, if these conversations did actually take place – which they definitely did. Please: I really, really don't care what your children think of Donald Trump.)
The real question is whether the young will change as they get older. Maybe not. I sometimes feel we're the equivalent of the last pagan generation of Rome and what we're witnessing is the start of a new culture entirely, as conservatism among the under-40s is genuinely a dying creed. It's not that younger people are actively left-wing but that being left-wing (as in progressive, rather than actually socialist) is the default state; in effect it has replaced Christianity as people's moral anchor.
That partly explains why, whatever the Tories ineptly throw in Corbyn's direction, it just doesn't stick, because people still believe that Labour's intentions are good, and in the absence of any strong economic argument to vote Conservative (see Referendum, Brexit) people wish to be virtuous.
Can anything be done to stop this? I'm not entirely sure. Conservatives certainly missed a trick after the fall of Communism in blackening the name of that ideology in the same way that Fascism was; the wider effect of deNazification was to damage by association the wider conservative hinterland around that strain of pathological nationalism, giving a somewhat toxic air to all forms of social conservatism. The same thing might have happened to socialism had Communism's crimes become imbedded in the consciousness.
But nothing was really done to convey the idea that taking people's property and freedom in the name of an arbitrary, unworkable goal doesn't mean you have good intentions, especially when it has been tried a number of times and failed before.
And so young people generally don't care. They don't care about Venezuela because it's too far away, or the 1970s because it was too long ago, and they still hate the Conservatives. So maybe the only way they'll learn first-hand; maybe in the long term the best thing is that Corbyn does win. I'm obsessed with history but I'm a great believer in the idea that people never learn from it, or at least learn all the wrong lessons; Europe's entire post-war history has been an attempt to escape communal violence but, like Oedipus running away from Corinth to prevent prophesied disaster, we are only ensuring that it happens.
The problem here is not just Brexit, but that Brexit and the economic uncertainty it has brought has exposed how intellectually exhausted conservatism is in Britain; the Tories have simply relied too much on their USP of being the people who can sensibly run the economy, without any real vision of the future, no intellectual hinterland, no heroic narrative to inspire, no confidence in its ideas, and also little interest in using actual empirical arguments to back up its beliefs – all this while faced with a youthful movement filled with passionate intensity. I feel sorry for Mrs May, but a coughing, grey-faced woman in front of a collapsing backdrop just about sums up the state conservatism finds itself in.
US stock futures dip after payrolls data
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AIMCO, Alki TECHNIK GmbH, Atlas Copco Industrial Technique, Bosch Production Tools, Desoutter Industrial Tools, Estic Corporation, Rami Yokota B.V.
The report begins with introducing the global Battery-Powered Nutrunner market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Battery-Powered Nutrunner report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-battery-powered-nutrunner-market/5892/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single Head Nutrunner, Double Headed Nutrunner, Other.
Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Building, Home Decoration, Other.
Key points in the Battery-Powered Nutrunner Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-battery-powered-nutrunner-market/5892/#inquiry
From all of this Battery-Powered Nutrunner market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Battery-Powered Nutrunner market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Battery-Powered Nutrunner distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AstraZeneca Plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis AG, Panacea Biotec Ltd, Sandoz International GmbH, Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd, UCB SA.
The report begins with introducing the global Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-axial-spondyloarthritis-drugs-market/5900/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Certolizumab Pegol, Etanercept Biosimilar, Ixekizumab, Secukinumab, Others.
Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Clinic, Hospital, Home Care.
Key points in the Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-axial-spondyloarthritis-drugs-market/5900/#inquiry
From all of this Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Axial Spondyloarthritis Drugs distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Officials have thought ahead in preparing roads and runways for four days of holiday revelers and travelers
Local agencies are planning ahead for this week's influx of travelers and Fourth of July revelers, readying runways for packed flights and employing extra law enforcement officers.
The Santa Barbara Airport anticipates a busier-than-usual travel period during what has historically been the most hectic holiday of the summer travel season.
More than 5,200 fliers are expected in and out of the small airport over the long weekend, with most flights at capacity, according to Hazel Johns, assistant airport director.
“Because July Fourth falls on Thursday, and you've got a four-day weekend, there will be more travelers taking advantage of that opportunity,” Johns said, urging fliers to arrive at least 90 minutes before their scheduled take-off. “It's always good to come early, make sure that you get parking taken care of.”
Holiday air travel is expected to see a slight increase nationwide at more than 3.07 million fliers, compared with 3.06 million in 2012, according to the 2013 AAA Independence Day Holiday Travel Forecast.
AAA Travel projects that 40.8 million Americans will journey 50 miles or more from home during the Independence Day holiday.
Overall holiday travel — defined as Wednesday through Sunday — is expected to decline slightly (0.8 percent) because July 4 fell on a Wednesday last year and elongated the weekend.
Visitors to the South Coast will find hotels fully booked or near capacity for the weekend.
Local law enforcement officials intend to be vigilant throughout the long weekend, since 84 percent of travelers nationwide — equaling 34.4 million — are expected to travel by automobile.
The freeways have been cleared of roadwork and lane closures in anticipation of the flood of vehicles, beginning at 3 p.m. Wednesday and lasting through 10 p.m. Sunday, according to Caltrans and the California Highway Patrol.
All Santa Barbara County law enforcement agencies are planning heavy staffing levels for Independence Day festivities Thursday, said Sgt. Kevin Huddle of the Sheriff's Department.
Beginning Wednesday through Sunday, the cities of Goleta, Guadalupe, Lompoc, Santa Barbara and Santa Maria will have extra police officers working DUI saturation patrols as part of “AVOID the 12” — the name for the 12 law enforcement agencies of the county that work together to combat impaired driving.
California State Parks and the UC Santa Barbara Police Department will also deploy saturation patrols within their jurisdictions, and CHP will have all available officers on the region's freeways and unincorporated roads beginning at 6 p.m. Wednesday through midnight Sunday.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 4:47 Pro wrestling icon Ric Flair, on wrestling and baseball at Marlins Park Pause 2:01 What does ‘home' mean in Arroyo Grande? AGHS grads' play tells the story 1:56 How Peoples' Self-Help Housing and 'sweat equity' helped this mother of 2 build and own their own home 1:48 Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time 0:25 Watch this mountain lion casually cross the Foresthill Bridge 0:14 Man caught on camera prowling outside San Luis Obispo home 1:59 Trump calls out KKK, neo-Nazis in condemning Charlottesville violence 0:57 Robocall for Yes on B-17, SLO's 'nondiscrimination in housing' measure 1:00 Best friends Smoke and Ash were rescued from the Hill Fire, and now they need a home 2:58 See how close this local woman got to Garth Brooks in concert Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Columbia is in the path of a total eclipse on Aug. 21. Here are tips for observing the event: Never look directly at the sun's rays. When watching a partial eclipse you must wear eclipse glasses at all times or use another indirect method if you want to face the sun. During a total eclipse when the moon completely obscures the sun, it is safe to look directly at the star -- but it's crucial that you know when to wear and not wear your glasses. Posted by Susan Ardis NASA Goddard/YouTube
Columbia is in the path of a total eclipse on Aug. 21. Here are tips for observing the event: Never look directly at the sun's rays. When watching a partial eclipse you must wear eclipse glasses at all times or use another indirect method if you want to face the sun. During a total eclipse when the moon completely obscures the sun, it is safe to look directly at the star -- but it's crucial that you know when to wear and not wear your glasses. Posted by Susan Ardis NASA Goddard/YouTube
AlphaBay's PR Spokesman Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy Charge
An Illinois man who worked as a spokesperson for a leading "darknet" marketplace that users accessed anonymously to buy and sell illicit goods pleaded guilty Thursday to a federal conspiracy charge in Atlanta.
Ronald L. Wheeler III of Streamwood, Illinois, worked for about two years as a public relations specialist for AlphaBay, which authorities have said was the world's leading darknet marketplace until it was taken down through an international law enforcement effort in July. People used it to trade in illegal drugs, guns, counterfeit goods and hacking tools, among other things.
Wheeler worked with others to steal personal information -- including passwords, email addresses and bank account numbers -- to obtain money, goods and services, prosecutors said in a court filing.
Wheeler, known online as Trappy and Trappy_Pandora, began working as AlphaBay's public relations specialist in May 2015. Their duties included moderating the AlphaBay forum on Reddit and posting information about AlphaBay in other Reddit forums, mediating sales disputes among the marketplace's users, providing nontechnical assistance to users and promoting AlphaBay online, Assistant U.S. Attorney Samir Kaushal told the judge.
"Wheeler spent hours on the Dark Web and general Internet providing AlphaBay users tips for attempting to avoid detection by law enforcement," U.S. Attorney Byung J. "BJay" Pak said in a news release.
One of Wheeler's duties was to let AlphaBay users know when the site would be down for maintenance. That was important, Kaushal said, because it was necessary to reassure users that the site hadn't been taken down by law enforcement or otherwise compromised.
Wheeler was paid a salary in bitcoin, a digital currency, by Alexandre Cazes, the 25-year-old Canadian owner of AlphaBay who was known online as Alpha02 and Admin, the court filing says.
AlphaBay used Tor, a network of thousands of computers run by volunteers, to hide its tracks. With Tor, traffic gets relayed through multiple computers, with identifying information stripped at each stop so no single computer knows the full chain.
"If people think the Dark Web gives them autonomy to operate illegally behind a cyber-curtain without the scrutiny of law enforcement, then Mr. Wheeler's plea is a stark reminder that we won't let that happen," Special Agent David J. LeValley, who heads the FBI's Atlanta office, said in the release.
The court filing says Wheeler's work with AlphaBay ended July 3, 2017. Two days later, Cazes was arrested in Thailand with DEA and FBI assistance, with AlphaBay going offline. Cazes died in Thai police custody on July 12. The country's narcotics police chief told reporters at the time that Cazes hanged themselves in jail just prior to a scheduled court hearing.
The police agency Europol estimates AlphaBay had done $1 billion in business since its 2014 creation. Cazes had amassed a $23 million fortune as the site's creator and administrator, according to court documents.
As part of a plea deal reached with prosecutors, Wheeler agreed to forfeit $27,562 in cash found in their home and 13.97 bitcoins, Kaushal said. Wheeler has also been cooperating with investigators.
U.S. District Judge Leigh Martin May accepted the 24-year-old Wheeler's guilty plea and set sentencing for May 24. Wheeler faces up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
(CNN) — If you're in your mid-40s and haven't had your colon checked, it might be time.
The American Cancer Society's newly updated guidelines for colon and rectal cancer screening recommend that adults at average risk get screened starting at age 45 instead of 50, as previously advised.
The updated guidelines come on the heels of what seems to be a rise in colorectal cancer among younger adults.
Those at higher risk include African Americans, Alaska Natives, and people with a family history or a personal history of colon or rectal polyps; risk factors such as these could require screening earlier.
Published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians on Wednesday, the updated guidelines also indicate that there are six screening test options for adults, ranging from noninvasive stool tests to visual exams like colonoscopy, depending on the preference of the patient and availability of the test.
Other health organizations in the United States — such as the US Preventive Services Task Force — still recommend routine screening for colon and rectal cancers starting at age 50.
Colorectal cancer, which includes both colon and rectal cancers, is the third most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
In the United States, colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among cancers that affect both men and women, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Some studies suggest that the rates of colorectal cancer deaths are climbing among American adults younger than 55.
After declining overall from 1970 to 2004, colon and rectal cancer mortality rates among 20- to 54-year-olds in the United States increased by 1% annually from 2004 to 2014, according to a study published last year in the medical journal JAMA.
“Behind these numbers are real people and real faces, and all of us in the colorectal cancer world and all the gastroenterologists and all the oncologists have been seeing more and more young people who develop this disease,” said Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society, who oversaw the development of the new guidelines.
“In people born more recently, they're at four times the risk for rectal cancer than people born in the '50s (at the same age), for example, and double the risk of colon cancer,” they said. “It's what we call a birth cohort effect. Nobody knows why really clearly, and that's a big area of interest, but nobody's questioning that it's happening.”
Six screening test options
To make the updated guidelines, researchers conducted a systematic review of published studies on colorectal cancer screening strategies.
The researchers also commissioned a microsimulation modeling study involving a model called MISCAN, which simulates colorectal cancer incidence and mortality and estimates risk factors and the impact of screening and treatment practices.
The researchers' new modeling study was an extension of analyses conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendations, and it assessed the potential risk and benefit of various colorectal screening strategies among black and white men and women in the United States.
Based on their review and that simulation modeling, the researchers identified efficient strategies for screening starting at age 45.
Those strategies were undergoing colonoscopy every 10 years; a computed tomography colonography or “virtual colonoscopy” every five years; a flexible sigmoidoscopy every five years; a multitarget stool DNA test every three years; a take-home fecal immunochemical test annually; or a take-home high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test annually.
The updated guidelines also noted that there is wide variation in the costs of those screening options, depending on patient insurance plans, ranging from around $30 for a take-home fecal immunochemical test to thousands of dollars for a colonoscopy.
In a written statement Wednesday, the American Cancer Society's Cancer Action Network, the nonpartisan advocacy affiliate of the American Cancer Society, said that consumers should understand what their individual insurance policy will cover should they begin screening at age 45, rather than age 50.
“Consumers should also understand that there are many screening options, and they may find certain screening options more affordable than others, particularly when faced with potential out-of-pocket expenses,” the statement said.
America's Health Insurance Plans spokesperson Cathryn Donaldson said in a statement Wednesday, “Health plans cover most needed screenings, including mammograms and colonoscopies, often at no additional cost to the patient. Insurance providers consider available evidence, clinical guidelines and recommendations from organizations such as the American Cancer Society to understand when preventive screenings are needed.
“Whether or not you need a screening will depend on your age, medical history and other risk factors. When a doctor recommends a screening because of such risk factors, it is usually covered,” said the association, which represents companies providing health care coverage and other related services to Americans.
Outside of the cost and the frequency in which a test is recommended to be done, “all these tests are approximately equal in their value and can be offered,” Wender said.
“We know from trials that if you offer a choice between colonoscopy and a less-invasive test, that more people will opt to be screened, which is our goal in the end,” they said. “The evidence is now absolutely clear, and I can't emphasize how carefully this was done. It took us two years of work to provide a compelling argument and evidence that the screening age for everyone should begin at age 45, not age 50.”
What explains the rise in colorectal cancer?
Time will tell whether other leading health organizations follow in the American Cancer Society's footsteps with recommending screening for adults younger than 50.
Additionally, more research could shed light on why there has been a rise in colorectal cancer among these younger adults, said Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, who was not involved in the updated guidelines.
“The rates of screening right now under the age of 50 are negligible. Therefore, what we've observed with the rising incidence is not simply a result of detection bias,” Chang said. “This appears to be a real phenomenon.”
They added that they have some ideas regarding what factors could be driving this rise, as “there are a number of things that have changed over the past several decades that have to do with exposures and lifestyle.”
“We know that obesity's associated with an increased incidence of many cancers, including colorectal cancer, and the obesity epidemic remains an important and growing problem in the US. So that may be one associated factor,” Chang said.
Other possible factors could include sedentary lifestyles, environmental exposures and diets high in processed foods, they said.
“While we have not identified the causal factor, it is likely that all of these factors contribute to this rising incidence,” they said.
A separate report released last week by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research highlighted strong evidence that being physically active and eating whole grains and foods high in fiber, along with other healthy habits, can decrease the risk of colorectal cancer.
Consuming red meat, processed meat and alcoholic beverages, among other factors, could increase the risk of colorectal cancer.
For any adult, no matter how old, Chang said that paying attention to your body and bowel habits are important for tracking your overall health — and that alerting your doctor to any changes is key.
“Even if you're younger, if you're noticing that there's a change in your bowel habits or your stools and that something isn't right, then see your doctor,” they said. “That's the public health statement, which is, pay attention to your bowels, and seek medical care if things don't seem right, if there's blood in your stools or your bowel habits change suddenly.”
‘This gives us a real opportunity'
Dr. Nilofer Saba Azad, associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, agrees with the newly updated guidelines.
“If you take into account the fact that people develop colon cancer or rectal cancer over many years, and that there's a step wise progression from having no abnormalities to then having polyps and then developing cancer, this gives us a real opportunity to stop people from ever developing cancer by moving screening ages younger,” said Azad, who was not involved with the guidelines.
“It's not just that you would catch the younger people with cancer but that you would actually catch the younger people with just a polyp that can be removed at the time of colonoscopy, and they never get a cancer. So it's preventative, not just early diagnosis,” they said, adding that they think the benefits of screening younger outweigh the risks.
Such risks include false-negative or false-positive results, as well as rare complications or feelings of anxiety with more invasive testing approaches, such as colonoscopy.
Yet “there are many ways you can screen for colon cancer beyond colonoscopy, and we can find a way no matter how squeamish people are,” Azad said.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
After violence broke out Saturday morning in Charlottesville, Virginia's governor, Terence McAuliffe, declared a state of emergency and directed the national guard to put an end to the “Unite the Right” rally after multiple activists and police officers were injured and/or killed.
Within 24 hours of the tragic circumstances in Virginia, Southern Tier residents gathered with religious and political leaders, Sunday, organizing a candle-lit vigil at the United Presbyterian Church on Chenango Street, honoring those that were hurt or lost their lives to the recent tragedy.
"We need to come together and say, 'It's time to resist hate,'" said Kimberly Chastain, Pastor of United Presbyterian Church.
"I will stand shoulder to shoulder with each of the people who are against hate," said Ali Azam, Binghamton resident.
According to vigil gatherers, by offering today's hope in a world filled with hatred and anger Binghamton can be a shining beacon of solidarity. Showing the United States that a supportive community, like Broome County, can come together in one voice that shouts, "We won't stand for this!"
Speaking at the vigil, leaders from many different religious faiths (Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhist) stood in front of the gathering of nearly 100 men, women and children to spread the message of acceptance and peace, by candlelight. An lesson, that Broome County Executive Jason Garnar said, everyone should be exposed to at every age.
"I don't think you can be too young to learn lessons about what happens," said Jason Garnar on bringing their son Nolan, 10, to the vigil. "While they certainly don't quite understand what happened and why...it's important for them to be here."
Through the darkness of the riots and hatred, the candles in Binghamton are continuing to shine brightly for the victims and their families of Saturday's riots, offering love and understanding for those deemed different.
Spice Girls hinted at a reunion Friday as the “Wannabe” group promised “exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls.”Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Geri “Ginger Spice” Halliwell, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Melanie “SportyThis article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Spice Girls Hint at Reunion, ‘New Opportunities Together' …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Hamish Pinkham says a new documentary about their festival is "warts and all".
The Rhythm & Vines co-founder is featured in today's new documentary The Road to Rhythm, which charts the Gisborne New Year's festival's 15-year journey.
"It's certainly not a promo piece," says Pinkham. "It's a look back at some of the highs and lows, and it's a warts and all look at some of the trials and tribulations we've had creating the festival."
The Road to Rhythm Part One
Advertisement
Road to Rhythm Part One.
The Road to Rhythm Part Two
Road to Rhythm Part Two.
The Road to Rhythm Part Three
Road to Rhythm Part Three.
The Road to Rhythm Part Four
Road to Rhythm Part Four.
Released today, the doco charts the festival's origins from a student party for 400 to the summer festival destination it's become today.
But Pinkham admits it hasn't all been smooth sailing, detailing "personal toil ... financial ruin".
"It's a real and true look at running a business like Rhythm & Vines."
ABC News(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump weighed in on the tense situation with North Korea on the sidelines of the annual White House Easter egg roll today.
When asked for their message to North Korea following Sunday's failed missile launch, Trump responded, “They gotta behave.”
Later, when ABC News pressed Trump on their next move on the Korean peninsula, the president said, “You'll see.”
Vice President Mike Pence and their family were in South Korea over the weekend, where they visited the border in the demilitarized zone.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Hainerberg Elementary School is looking for volunteers for STEAM Night. Share your presentation on Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts or Mathematics at Hainerberg Elementary from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. May 11. Forms due at the school by April 21.
Click the link below to access the printable form:
STEAM volunteer form
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
(CNN) — President Donald Trump wants to send astronauts where no man has gone before.
Trump will authorize the acting NASA administrator Robert M. Lightfoot Jr. to “lead an innovative space exploration program to send American astronauts back to the moon, and eventually Mars” during a White House signing ceremony.
“The President listened to the National Space Council's recommendations and they will change our nation's human spaceflight policy to help America become the driving force for the space industry, gain new knowledge from the cosmos, and spur incredible technology,” deputy White House press secretary Hogan Gidley said Monday.
The directive, Gidley said, will push NASA to “refocus … on its core mission of space exploration” and if Trump does send astronauts back to the moon, they would be the first to visit the lunar landscape since the Apollo 17 mission in 1972.
Trump's pick for NASA administrator — Jim Bridenstine, a Republican member of congress from Oklahoma — has yet to be confirmed. They have come under withering criticism from Sen. Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, who wields considerable power over the space program.
Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have made it clear since the 2016 campaign that they would like to send astronauts back to the moon.
During a 2016 campaign event near NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Trump pledged to “free NASA from the restriction of serving primarily as a logistical agency for low Earth-orbit activities” and “instead refocus on space exploration.”
“Under a Trump administration, Florida and America will lead the way into the stars,” they said.
Pence, during the first meeting of the National Space Council in October, said the Trump administration “will return American astronauts to the moon, not only to leave behind footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond.”
“The moon will be a stepping-stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships as we refocus America's space program toward human space exploration,” Pence said.
Other Republicans, namely former former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, have expressed interest in going back to the moon.
During their 2012 presidential bid, Gingrich advocated for forming colonies on the moon.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Valentine's Day is celebrated every year on 14th February all across the globe with a special spark of happiness and to mark the birth of St Valentine, the sole founder of love. In most cases flowers are sent with an open heart which makes the entire environment a happy one. This day is meant for a festive joyous fun which is expressed between people of all caste and creed. This day is cordially declared as the Lover's Day throughout the world and in this consequence delightful flowers are sent to the recipient's with utmost happiness. Flowers are categorized in Roses, Lilies, Chrysanthemums, Carnations, Gerberas, Sunflowers, Anemone, Ranunculus, Spray Elke, Hypericum, Galax, Pistachio, Euphorbia Spinosa and many varieties. Flowers are one of the important items which are suitable for all occasions and they can easily covet a tough situation to a happy one. This Valentine's Day deliver your sweet memories in the form of flowers which soothes a soul and makes every situation a happy one. Therefore people Send Valentine's Day Flowers to Germany for some urgent demand. In Germany this day is focused on the special people who devote this special happiness among the dear ones. Thus on this day varieties of gifts are delivered to Germany or vice versa and the gifts are composed of Champagnes, Wines, Whisky, Potato Chips, Shong Wasabi Coated Peanuts, Chocolate Mountain Cookies, Paprika Crackers, Tortilla Chips, Fresh Duck Pate, Cream Soup, Apricot Jam, Bourbon, Vanilla and many other products. Thus, people Send Valentine's Day Gifts to Germany for a special cause which fills the air with lots of splendor. Valentine's Day Hampers are classified into Wine Hampers, Chocolate Hampers, Gourmet Hampers, Chocolate Box, Organic Grape Juice, Organic Honey Wafers, Organic Muesli Cake, Organic Coffee, Glazed Ginger Bread, Champagne Box, Butter Cheese Delight and many other delicacies. The Hampers which are sent on this everlasting Valentine's Day creates a special bonding among the dear ones. This day is celebrated in different ways in different countries by abiding by the customs which makes a particular person feel delighted. This day is also celebrated in Germany where every one enjoys in their own style. This wondrous day is famous all over the globe and every person focuses on flower delivery in Germany. Flowers are the most sensuous commodities which makes a person's mood very soothing. So, Valentine's Day Flowers Delivery in Germany is a common phenomenon nowadays and a feeling of delight comes instantly from the heart of every sender and receiver.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theo Walcott has endured a torrid season and faces missing out on ANOTHER World Cup.
The Everton winger was a shock inclusion in Sven Goran Eriksson's World Cup squad in 2006 despite having only enjoyed fleeting cameos in the Championship with Southampton.
But after being overlooked in 2010, Walcott was injured for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
They were left out of Roy Hodgson's squad for Euro 2016 and they again face missing the cut under Gareth Southgate.
Walcott has been by no means a regular for England in recent years and left Arsenal for Goodison Park in January hoping first team football would improve their chances of reaching Russia.
However, the 29-year-old has scored just twice in eight appearances for the Toffees.
Bookmakers don't fancy Walcott's chances of gatecrashing England's squad and are offering 11/4 on them being included in Southgate's plans.
The Team's Shooting Experience In Kashmir
The Aiyaary team wrapped up the Kashmir schedule in flat seven days. According to a leading tabloid, they interacted with the locals as well as the army in the Valley.
A source stated, "It was humbling to witness the difficult conditions in which the jawans lived and the constant danger they faced. For the jawans too, interacting with Sid and Manoj and posing for pictures with them was a wonderful experience."
The source further added, "Given the kind of films Neeraj and Friday Filmworks always make, people everywhere have faith that they will not misrepresent the locals or the state as a whole.
The authorities were extremely supportive given the sensitivity of the story and the shooting locations and it was a wonderful experience for everybody involved."
New chief says Gliniewicz is in Fox Lake's past
hello
New Fox Lake Police Chief Jimmy Lee is given the oath of office Tuesday by Mike Trinski, a member of the village's police and fire commission. Lee said the department is moving on from past scandals. Courtesy of Fox Lake
The Fox Lake Police Department has put the scandals surrounding the crimes and suicide of Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz in its past, new Chief Jimmy Lee said Wednesday, one day after being sworn in as the village's top law enforcement officer.
"We, as an organization, have put the whole thing behind us," they said. "We don't even talk about it. Instead, we are moving forward and looking to the future."
Lee, 56, spent 28 years with the Roselle Police Department, before they joined the Fox Lake police force last year in the wake of the Gliniewicz case. They replace Interim Chief Russell Laine, who announced their retirement in May.
Lee brings 30 years of experience to the helm of the police department, village officials said. They started as a patrol officer and worked their way up to deputy chief and acting police chief in Roselle.
They temporarily left police work to found Gold Shield Investigations, which later was hired by Fox Lake in 2015 to conduct several internal investigations. They were appointed the department's interim-deputy chief in January 2016.
Lee said their focus is enhancing community relationships and modernizing the police department.
"We've done a lot of work internally to modernize the department," they said. "Now, we want to reach out to businesses and volunteer groups going forward."
Laine and Lee were brought in to provide stability to a department that was under the national microscope after it was determined Gliniewicz killed themselves in September 2015 to cover up their embezzlement from a police youth group.
Since taking over, Laine and Lee worked to restructure the department, increase officer training, and revise dated policies and practices, officials said.
Lee said they signed a three-year contract with the village.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce insists the January transfer business will benefit Aston Villa in the long-term even if the changes are contributing towards Villa's plight right now.
Seven players were signed last month and another seven let go with Bruce admitting that the upheaval is playing a part in Villa's struggles.
Back-to-back home defeats have extended Villa's winless run to eight games and the manager is now desperately looking for a system to suit their under-performing side.
“We changed a few things but maybe there was too much change, at the wrong time,” they said.
“I thought we needed it.
“With that it's my responsibility.”
Villa signed Sam Johnstone on loan from Manchester United and let previous No.1 Pierluigi Gollini move on an 18-month loan deal to Atalanta.
Full-backs Neil Taylor and James Bree were signed with Aly Cissokho moving on.
In midfield Henri Lansbruy, Conor Hourihane and Birkir Bjarnason arrived to replace the departing Ashley Westwood.
And up front Scott Hogan was tasked with replacing the void left by the departures of Rudy Gestede, Jordan Ayew and Ross McCormack.
“For the sake of the club I thought it was the right thing to do,” said Bruce.
“I know for the sake of the club it will make us better.
“We've got two full-backs waiting in the wings (Taylor and Bree) who will make us better.
“They will bring competition for Hutton and Amavi.
“There's been big change for far too long.
“You need to stick your chest out and see it through.
“Now we show our balls.”
Bruce has also tinkered with their formation in a bid to change Villa's fortunes.
A three-man defence was tested but Villa lost to Nottingham Forest and Ipswich under that system.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Villa fans react to fourth straight defeat Share this video Watch Next
Performances were poor before Christmas but Villa were still getting results through determination and resilience.
Bruce wanted to make changes in a bid to make Villa more attractive.
They want to excite the supporters, take the game to opponents and meet the high expectations that being at Aston Villa demands.
What isn't helping them is the absence of Mile Jedinak.
Since the middle man picked up an injury the team hasn't won a single game. In fact they haven't recorded three points all season without the battling Australian in the side.
The trip to Newcastle on Monday could also come too soon for them but Villa will need to find a way to get it right at St James's Park if they are to end this dismal run.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Bayfront Park is celebrating Independence Day Wednesday with live music and activities for children and families.
The park is located at 301 North Biscayne Boulevard in downtown Miami.
“Celebrations include a free kids' zone, food and beverages and the largest free fireworks show in South Florida,” organizers said.
Food vendors are on site, along with police officers from the Miami Police Department to help you enjoy a responsible event.
You can have all the fun you want, but you can't bring coolers, large bags, bottles, cans, and no personal fireworks.
The festivities, which started this morning, will go on until about 11 p.m., according to the Miami police.
There will be a 15-minute fireworks display at 9 p.m. The event is touted as the best fireworks show in Miami.
Over 40,000 people were expected to attend.
Business manstill has feelings for theirs soon to be ex-wife,, despite their split . The 42-year-old mogul posted a heartfelt message on their personal website expressing their affection. Under the title “Love,” they wrote, “To the most beautiful person in the world, thank you for your divine love, your eternal support and for being my best friend. I love you so much, inshallah we will be together in the Great Forever x.”
Al Mana's message follows Jackson's recent photo post of their child together, Eissa. The beautiful baby boy was born back in January.
It's still not clear what caused the separation between Al Mana and Jackson. However, the divorce could be lucrative for Jackson considering Al Mana's billionaire status. The 50-year-old pop singer could receive as much as $200 million according to Page Six.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
How a 6-year-old boy made $11 million reviewing toys on YouTube
hello
When most people think back on the child celebrities of their time, they likely think of child movie actors, the well-trained stars of showbiz. For some, these were stars like Mary Kate and Ashley Olson, or Macaulay Carson Culkin from Home Alone. For others, they were Judy Garland or Shirley Temple.
For kids these days, however, some of the biggest stars are not actors at all but YouTube stars.
And one of the biggest of them all is a six-year-old named Ryan who plays with toys -- mesmerizing millions of children across the globe.
Since they were three years old, Ryan's parents have been capturing videos of them opening toys, playing with them and "reviewing" them for videos posted on their YouTube channel, "Ryan ToysReview."
Ryan's last name, and their place of residence are a closely guarded secret, and not without reason.
Ryan has become a multimillionaire, according to Forbes magazine's just-out list of highest paid YouTube entrepreneurs. They were ranked number eight, having brought in $11 million in revenue between June 1, 2016, and June 1, 2017, before management fees and taxes, of course. They tied with the comedy channel Smosh, created by Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox.
Children everywhere have become hooked, watching their videos for hours a day, even mimicking them and starting their own YouTube channels. For some of their youngest fans, Ryan is not just some stranger on the internet.  They are their friend.
Combined, the world's 10 highest-paid YouTube stars earned $127 million, up 80 percent from last year. According to Forbes, this boost came thanks to ad dollars from a surge in views -- including a healthy sum from "Ryan ToysReview." During the 12 months considered by Forbes, "Ryan ToysReview" counted over 8 billion views.
What has grown into a viral phenomenon began with a simple, unremarkable 15-minute video about a Lego Duplo train set. When their family started recording and posting the videos in March 2015, the 3-year-old barely had any views let alone reviews, according to a profile of Ryan in Verge. In their first video, they simply opened a Lego box, set up the blocks, and played with them.
"Ryan was watching a lot of toy review channels -- some of their favorites are EvanTubeHD and Hulyan Maya -- because they used to make a lot of videos about Thomas The Tank Engine, and Ryan was super into Thomas," their mother, who declined to be named, told TubeFilter last year.
"One day, they asked me, 'How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided -- yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy -- I think it was a lego train set -- and it all started from there."
Soon the boy started playing with not just one toy at a time, but two, and then dozens. About four months in, their channel saw an explosion of traffic, driven primarily by a viral video of Ryan reviewing a hundred toys at once. It is titled "100+ cars toys GIANT EGG SURPRISE OPENING Disney Pixar Lightning McQueen kids video Ryan ToysReview"
"Ryan ToysReview" took off. Views started doubling every month. In January of 2016, they hit 1 million subscribers. A year later, they had more than 5 million. Now, he's at more than 10 million subscribers and over 16 million views.
In June, TubeFilter ranked "Ryan ToysReview" as the most viewed YouTube channel in the U.S. for the 40th week in a row. In September, NBA player Kevin Durant was featured in one of Ryan's videos performing a children's science experiment.
Ryan's popularity makes perfect sense. He's got every small kid's dream job, opening toys and playing with them, day after day. He's smiley, too, totally nonthreatening to parents and children alike. No bad words. No preachy banter. He's a miniature Mister Rogers but without the sweater and slippers.
In their most popular video, published April 13, 2016, Ryan's mother films them as they crawl through an inflatable waterslide, searching for giant Easter eggs. They crack open each one to find various toys inside.
"It's lighting McQueen!" they say excitedly as they open one to find a toy car from the Disney movie "Cars." And wow, in another there's a character from "Paw Patrol," in another, there's Spider-Man.
"I bet there's a bad guy in there," they say, gesturing at one of the uncracked eggs. "Who do you think it is, kids?"
They spend much of the rest of the video tossing the toys down the waterslide, playing with them in an inflatable pool.
Ryan's got great timing too. They specialize in the slow reveal, like the opening of those eggs, and in surprise.
Of their 30 most popular videos, more than half include the word "SURPRISE" in all caps in the titles: "GIANT EGG SURPRISE," "HUGE EGGS SURPRISE TOYS CHALLENGE," "BALLOON POP SURPRISE," "SURPRISE TOYS Giant Ball Pit Challenge."
There's no overthinking, no "why is this toy better than another," no analysis, something adults describing "Ryan ToysReview" just can't resist.
The channel was described by Verge as "a mash-up of personal vlog and "unboxing" video, a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism."
"Unboxing" refers to one of today's oddest and most lucrative genres on YouTube. The videos are exactly what they sound like: footage of people opening packages of newly purchased items, the latest Apple devices, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, as The Washington Post's Robin Givhan explained.
Each time someone clicks on one of Ryan's videos, their family makes money. There are ads and links to ads all over the place.
Ryan has real impact.
"If a product gets ten million, twenty millions views, and you see that Ryan loves it, or other kids love it, it has a huge impact at retail," Jim Silver, CEO of the review site Toys, Tots, Pets, and More, told the Verge when Ryan was still 5 years old. "He's really the youngest success that we've seen. Most of the time the kids were in the six-plus range, just because of the vocabulary and the maturity to do a review."
Their parents told TubeFilter in September of last year that 99 percent of the channel's videos aren't branded. At the time, the parents said they paid for all of the toys that Ryan reviewed. It's unclear how many toys they currently reviews are sent to them by sponsors, but their video descriptions often include dozens of links to name-brand items. According to their channel's "about" page, the family donates most of the toys to charity after Ryan reviews them.
Many videos include Ryan doing things other than playing with toys. They show them going to get a haircut, playing hide and seek in a hotel, and attending their twin siblings' birthday party.
"We post a new video every day, and we typically film two to three videos at a time two to three times per week," their mom told TubeFilter. "We try not to interfere with Ryan's pre-pre-school schedule, so a majority of the filming takes place during the weekend, and then we'll edit while he's in school."
But even with just a few daily snippets of Ryan's routine, their viewers can virtually insert themselves in their life. And for some young kids, the line is blurred between what's real and what's simply a part of Ryan's videos.
"My 5-year-old EATS THIS STUFF UP!" one mother, Lindsay Weiss, wrote in a blog post titled "Ryan's Toy Review may be the death of me."
"It is literally the only thing they watch on YouTube and the other day I caught them talking back to Ryan telling them they had missed an important feature in the new game 'Don't Wake Daddy.'"
"Honey, you know Ryan can't hear you, right?" Weiss said they told them son.
"He doesn't need to hear me, Mama," their son responded, Weiss wrote. "He just KNOWS."
"I also have Ryan to thank for the THIRTEEN games my kiddo got for their birthday last week," Weiss added. "That's right. My kid got THIRTEEN games for their birthday. All courtesy of seeing Ryan play the games and squeal with delight."
Other parents have left scores of messages on Ryan's YouTube channel, thanking them and their parents, saying their kids sometimes watch their videos for hours a day.
"My son is autistic," one parent wrote. "Your videos are helping them to speak, use their imagination, and properly use toys! They enjoy these videos several times a day and i would just love to say thank you!"
"hey Ryan ToysReview hi there," another parent wrote. "my 3yr old kid Ashaz loves watching your videos. They want to say hi n says you are their small brother lol ... we are from India and best wishes from all of us."
"Ryan, my boy loves your toys reviews, every day they watch your videos," one mother posted. "Today they asked me 'mom, when we gonna visit Ryan?', I told them that is not possible because we live in different countries, maybe when you will grow :)"
The greatest testament comes from the children themselves though.
"hello ryan," one of them wrote recently. " ... i am 5 years old i am in my dad's account how old are you also i love your videos."
HELSINKI (AP) — Police in Sweden say they are investigating an attempted arson at a Jewish cemetery.
Remnants of two glass bottles with flammable contents were found Monday near the chapel at the cemetery in Malmo, Sweden's third-largest city.
It is unclear when the bottles were thrown, but police think it was between Friday evening and Monday morning.
Malmo police spokesperson Nils Norling told Swedish broadcaster SVT that if there was a fire, it wasn't a major one.
Advertisement
Jewish community spokesperson Fredrik Sieradzki says there were no injuries and the chapel wasn't damaged.
The discovery followed the arrests of three people for allegedly throwing firebombs at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Goteborg on Saturday.
A protest in Malmo of the Trump administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital included anti-Semitic slogans on Friday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dog walker has been left with serious life-changing injuries after they were hit by a car at one a busy junction.
A 26-year-old victim was struck at the Scott Arms junction at Walsall Road, Great Barr , at 7.40am on Wednesday.
They were taken to hospital and their pet was also injured in the collision and was taken to the vet. Police closed the city bound section of the Walsall Road as they carried out their investigations.
A West Midlands Police spokesperson said: "Police are investigating a serious collision between a dog walker and car on Walsall Road, Great Barr this morning (July 4).
"A 26-year-old man has been taken to hospital with potential life changing injuries. Their dog was also injured and has been taken to a vet.
"The driver stopped at the scene and is co-operating with police.
"The road remains closed at this time.
"Anyone with any information is asked to call 101, quoting log number 557 of 4 July. "
Traffic quickly grew and the 28, 51 & X51 services were diverted towards Birmingham city centre via Scott Arms, Queslett Road, Aldridge Rd to Perry Barr.
In a picture from the scene traffic could be seen queuing during the morning commute.
West Midlands Ambulance Service said it received two calls to the incident.
A spokesperson said: “We were called at 7.40am to a collision between a pedestrian and a car.
“The pedestrian, a man in their 20s, was treated for leg and back injuries.
"He was fully conscious and given pain relief on scene before being taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
“We sent one ambulance, a paramedic officer and the West Midlands Air Ambulance critical care car.
This is why a huge plume of smoke is over Birmingham city centre on Tuesday
“The ambulance left for hospital at 8.17am and the last vehicle left the scene at 8.35am.”
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer is a vibrational spectroscopic technique used to analyze the crystal structure and molecular vibrations. Real-time Bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure metabolic and nutrient concentration in bioprocess in real-time by using the single probe. Raman spectroscopy is most promising real-time process analytical technologies in biopharmaceutical production. It allows measuring both quantity and quality of chemical compounds in the liquid where conventional methods fail to measure. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure gas, liquid, solids substance and provide real-time quantification measurement for glutamine, glucose, lactate, glutamate, ammonium, viable cell density, osmolality, total cell density and cell viability. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers consist of following components: light source, fibre optical Raman probe, spectrograph, detector, optical fibre cable and others. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers allow the usage of the optical fibre to measure the distance and immersion probe helps to analyze the liquid medium. This makes real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer more superior in analyzing bioprocess components and concentration changes than MIR and NIR.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6912
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Drivers and Restraints
Raman spectroscopy is used to provide the molecular fingerprint of bioprocessing and biomedical analysis. Along with this, rapid advancement of technologies enabled the usage of Raman spectroscopy in analyzing chemical compounds in biopharmaceutical companies. Other factors like changing government regulations to improve the quality of pharmaceuticals has led to the positive growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers. For example, FDA launched a PAT initiative to encourage the biopharmaceutical manufacturers to adopt the new technologies. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to monitor multiple components in cell culture medium and help in the simultaneous prediction of culture parameters. Simultaneous measurement of chemical components in bioprocess solutions, has lead to an increase in the adoption of Raman spectroscopy by the manufacturers. All these factors act as a potential driver in burgeoning growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
A huge cost is incurred in enabling Raman spectroscopy and it has restrained the growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on End User
Biopharmaceutical Companies
Contract Manufacturing Organizations
Research Organizations
Others
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Market Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has witnessed a robust growth due to increasing demand for Raman spectroscopy in providing real-time data. Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has a presence of a few players which have a huge market share in developed countries operating at the country level. There are huge opportunities for the untapped markets across the world due to potential benefits of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer. The key players in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development due to a limited number of manufactures. The future of Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market anticipated with double CAGR during forecasting period.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Region-Wise Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market is segmented into the following regions – North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East & Africa. North America is dominant in the global real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market mainly due to the high penetration. In North America, particularly the USA is dominating due to the supportive government regulations. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market to new heights. European real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market is the fastest growing region due to high R&D investment in the biopharmaceutical sector. Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America would maintain its position in the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market, though, we are anticipating developed economies such as Australia to have the highest growth rate in Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Key Participants
The key participants in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market mainly include Kaiser Optical Systems, Inc., Resolution Spectra Systems Inc. and others. Companies are mainly focused on R&D to strengthen product development.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6912
Lathwood has been at UKFast since 2000 and is the longest serving employee at the cloud firm
UKFast has announced that current IT director Neil Lathwood has stepped into the role of chief technology officer (CTO) as the firm look to accelerate its DevOps approach.
The DevOps approach puts sysadmins and developers into one role which allows for businesses to streamline IT development and exercise end-to-end control over project delivery.
Lathwood is the longest serving employee at the cloud firm after joining founders Lawrence and Gail Jones in 2000. They currently oversee the technical delivery of all hosting solutions to clients alongside complimentary software creation and implementation.
Speaking about their new job role Lathwood said: “The title of CTO means different things to different businesses. For us, the key focus of this role is to bridge the gap between the tech teams and R and D.”
“Our current DevOps team has grown massively in recent years and now represents around 20 per cent of our workforce. I can see us adding hundreds more in coming years.”
During their 18 year tenure of leading UKFast's IT, the annual revenue has grown from £100,000 to £47 million.
Lathwood added: “When I got the initial chance to work with Lawrence and Gail it felt like a great opportunity but I never envisaged that it would become what it is today. It's been a constant learning curve and it's never stopped because we are continuously pushing boundaries and inventing new ideas.”
UK Fast CEO Lawrence Jones is “hugely excited” to see what Lathwood can bring to this part of the business.
Jones said: “Developing leaders from within guarantees a much smoother transition, which is incredibly important whilst we continue to evolve and grow at speed.”
“We interviewed a number of CTOs but were unable to find anyone who came close to Neil's skill, passion and understanding of our industry.”
UKFast owns and operates four data-centres in Trafford Park, with development ongoing at further DC sites in the region.
If its final designation is nonattainment, additional air quality planning requirements will be required
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced Thursday that it will implement the 2008 federal eight-hour ozone standard of 0.075 parts per million (ppm), and in a preliminary statement listed Santa Barbara County as a probable nonattainment area with a classification of “marginal.”
The EPA announced it will issue final designations and classifications in mid-2012. Ground-level ozone is a principal component of smog.
“We have seen declining ozone levels in Santa Barbara County over the past decades,” District Director Dave Van Mullem said. “So our local air quality is improving, but the standards have changed as we learn more about the health effects caused by ozone.”
If the county's final designation is nonattainment for ozone, there will be additional air quality planning requirements. The EPA noted that it expected many of the “marginal” areas to reach attainment by 2015, based on rules already in place.
“Santa Barbara County will strive to achieve attainment by 2015,” Van Mullem said.
Implementation of the 2008 ozone standard was delayed, and the county was considered in attainment of the previous federal eight-hour ozone standard of 0.08 ppm. The county is currently not in attainment of California's eight-hour ozone standard of 0.070 ppm, and has issued a Clean Air Plan and associated control measures with the goal of attaining this standard.
Ground-level ozone is formed when nitrogen oxides and reactive organic gases react chemically in the presence of sunlight and heat. Ozone damages lungs and respiratory systems. It is known to harm lung development in children over time, has a role in causing early childhood asthma, and produces a range of respiratory symptoms in children and adults.
Click here for more information.
— Mary Byrd is a public information officer for the Santa Barbara County Air Pollution Control District.
Tamil Nadu Minister D Jayakumar on Wednesday assured that the arrangements are being made to bring back the mortal remains of a pilgrim, who had gone to Kailash Mansarovar Yatra in Nepal.
The pilgrim, who lost their lives during the yatra, has been identified as Ramachandran and reportedly died because of natural causes.
Jayakumar confirmed that a total of 23 people from Tamil Nadu went for Kailash Yatra.
Talking to media, “Total 23 people from Tamil Nadu went for Kailash Mansarovar Yatra. 19 people stranded in Simikot are safe, 4 people returned to Chennai yesterday. Arrangements are being made to bring back body of one deceased pilgrim.”
The Indian Embassy in Nepal issued a list of hotline numbers for the pilgrims stranded in Nepal and their family members.
A number of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra pilgrims are stranded in parts of Nepal following heavy downpour.
The Embassy of India in Kathmandu is monitoring the situation along Nepalganj-Simikot-Hilsa route of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra (through Nepal).
Thousands of Indian pilgrims take part in the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra every year via Nepal in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China ahead of the monsoon season.
The tour is organised by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) each year between June and September in cooperation with the government of People's Republic of China through two different routes – Lipulekh Pass (Uttarakhand) and Nathu La Pass (Sikkim).
Monster Hunter: World offers new limited-time quests every week. Some of these involve brawling tons of monsters, while other feature giant versions of familiar beasts. But the best quest so far is one of the most straightforward.
“Ya-Ku With That?” is one of the most common event quests in Monster Hunter: World, repeating three times in the nine total weeks of event quests. It's a low level quest that requires a hunter rank of six and tasks the player with defeating two monsters in 50 minutes. One is the large, dodo bird-esque Kulu-Ya-Ku, while the other is the bright flash-emitting Tzitzi-Ya-Ku. They are encountered early in the game, and while they aren't difficult monsters to defeat, the combination makes for a brisk and exciting encounter that's one of my favorites.
Much of this has to do with the Tzitzi-Ya-Ku's ability to flash a bright light in the player's face and disorient them for a time. The Tzitzi-Ya-Ku leaps back, rears its head, and emits a camera flash-like burst of white light, along with a piercing noise that stuns anything in front of it. The trick is to rush behind the monster to avoid getting blinded and sneak in some free hits. The Tzitzi-Ya-Ku's ability is tricky by itself, but it takes on a new level of danger as the player tries to dodge the speedy Kulu-Ya-Ku.
GIF
Monster Hunter: World event quests mostly fall into one of two categories: fighting against numerous monsters at once or fighting some type of giant version of a dangerous monster. The latter quest is a favorite for crossover events. Unlocking a skin to play as Street Fighter's Ryu involved battling a massive barroth, a sort of hard shelled crab lizard that was already very large to begin with. The quest to unlock Horizon Zero Dawn's Aloy involved battling a larger than normal Anjanath. While these were challenging fights, I never felt like I had to do anything other that hit the big monster with my sharp weapon. Quests managing multiple monsters such as “Ya-Ku With That?” demand greater awareness of my surrounding and provide a much more satisfying experience, even if they are lower level. Tracking multiple monsters and dodging between their attacks using my dual blades' highly mobile attacks is a much greater test of my game sense and awareness than smacking a slightly bigger T. rex.
Advertisement
Of course, it is possible to have too much of a good thing. A week seven quests called “A Flash In The Pan” dumped players into an arena with three Tzitzi-Ya-Ku. Having three crazy lizards blasting bright lights in your face made for a clumsier fight, particularly if you were playing solo. Week Three's “Wicked Wildspire Warfare” featured two barroth and a diablos, monsters with strong armor that deflects weapons and a sheer size that makes positioning difficult. Surpassing these challenges often felt more like a process of brute force than technical prowess.
A good quests strike a balance between monster difficulty and numbers, finding monster combinations that complement each other. What makes “Ya-Ku With That?” work is its restraint. There are no super-sized monsters or overwhelming numbers. It's a small flash of monster-hunting action that hits all the things I love about the game. I'm glad there are tougher quests and high tier rewards, but I also hope the game continues to find time for simpler events.
Jay Rock isn't messing around with their new single “WIN.”
Along with bars for days, Jay's new visuals for the track prove he's another Top Dawg Entertainment heavyweight.
The music video is complete with fire…
Missiles…
Turtle necks and cardigans…
Random flashlights…
And the TDE squad representing to the fullest.
Check out “WIN” for yourself below and watch out for Jay's REDEMPTION album dropping June 15.
Jay Rock Brings G'ed Out Turtlenecks, Missiles & The TDE Fam To “WIN” Music Video was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said Monday the Trump administration's target date to get tax reforms through Congress and on President Trump's desk was “not realistic at this point.”
Mnuchin said in an interview with the Financial Times that the August deadline is set to falter following setbacks with Congress over health care.
“It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare,” Mnuchin told the paper.
Mnuchin added that they agreed with Trump that the dollar's strength was hurting exports, but said they saw the strength of the dollar as a positive thing over the long term, according to Reuters.
“As the world's currency, the primary reserve currency, I think that over long periods of time the strength of the dollar is a good thing,” they told the Financial Times.
Mnuchin said last month that the administration was planning to turn quickly to tax reform with the goal of getting a program approved by Congress by August. They said they had been overseeing work on the administration's bill over the past two months and it would be introduced soon. They said it would be one proposal that would cover both cutting individual and corporate taxes in the same legislation.
Mnuchin added that if the timeline was delayed, they still expected a proposal to pass by the fall.
Press secretary Sean Spicer also acknowledged last month that the August deadline was an “ambitious one” for such a comprehensive and complicated project, but they said it's a goal the administration “is going to try to stick to.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from Reuters.
A father and daughter who were missing since Thursday have been found.
A police spokesperson confirmed the pair were found safe and well.
Blair McClunie and their daughter Nikki McClunie were reported missing after they were last seen in Te Awamutu on February 1, according to a post on the Waikato Police Facebook page.
They were in a maroon Toyota Camry with the registration TH1135.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett hailed Derby County's “massive show of courage” in their 3-1 victory over Cardiff City tonight.
The Rams came from a goal down at half-time to climb back into the Sky Bet Championship play-off places.
Callum Patterson had fired Cardiff ahead, before Cameron Jerome and substitute Matej Vdyra turned the game on its head late on.
(Image: Catherine Ivill/Getty Images)
Jerome then netted their second of the evening to seal a big three points for Rowett's men and move them back above Millwall in the table.
“I would sum it up as a massive show of courage from the players,” Rowett told Sky Sports.
“You can see it is such a difficult game against Cardiff – the ball is hardly in play at times.
“You can't switch off for one second.
“We started the game really brightly, but as you know against Cardiff if you switch off for a second they can punish you.
“I felt we played well enough up to that point (the opening goal).
“It was a big evening for us, I said to the players before the game there are no second chances, lay it all out on the pitch.
“We played with such good quality at time and our finishing was excellent.
“Full credit to the players, they were brilliant this evening.”
What's beef??..Beef is when Remy Ma brings the leading ladies of Hip Hop on stage in New York at Summer Jam and takes jabs at Nicki Minaj and Nicki sends a special message via their social media….guess the beef is still on!
When they can't even spell Prague. 😭😭😭😭😭😭 Prague wus good? pic.twitter.com/Z3HezTB0lc — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) June 14, 2017
I was shooting. Came back online and issa whole challenge. Y'all mad aggy 😭😭😭 https://t.co/TV1SnlUzBM — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) June 14, 2017
5:11pm in P R A G U E 👅 pic.twitter.com/hbzteqoqb9 — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) June 14, 2017
11am in Prague. Wake up bishes. — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) June 14, 2017
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
[Noozhawk's note: This column is part of Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse.]
An intriguing study has been approved as of Sept. 19 that will examine whether exercise is a viable treatment option for stimulant abuse and dependence — specifically for nicotine, alcohol and other addicting substances.
Led by Dr. Madhukar Trivedi of the Psychiatry Department at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, a multisite team has devised a randomized clinical trial called STRIDE (Stimulant Reduction Intervention using Dosed Exercise) that will compare exercise to health education as potential treatments.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
At present, cognitive therapy is the predominant treatment option for stimulant abuse and dependence, but with the positive outcomes of exercise on smoking cessation, the STRIDE researchers intend to explore the possibility of expanding the positive effects of exercise. A few studies have shown benefits such as increased abstinence and reduced substance use as a result of exercise.
In addition, an analysis of two other randomized trials demonstrated that participants who engaged in exercise had an increased length of abstinence, with 66.7 percent of the participants continuously abstinent at the end of a 12-week intervention.
Additionally, exercise has been shown to reduce depression and anxiety, which are two major contributing factors to alcohol and substance addiction. It's also associated with an improved quality of life and sleep, both of which are disrupted by stimulant use. One additional point, the concern people have about weight gain, which may contribute to substance sue relapse, is mitigated with an exercise intervention.
Another focus of the study will be the positive effects that exercise potentially has on brain functioning of substance abusers. Rats have been able to increase their contextual learning and memory, and this study will extrapolate that to humans to determine if hippocampal functioning (memory) improves as a cause of the exercise protocol.
The researchers are planning to examine whether exercise improved outcomes through several mechanisms: Is it likely to affect the underlying biology of addicts? Will it act as a behavioral treatment intervention? Will exercise decrease reactivity to stress? Will self-efficacy improve? Is it possible that it will be enough of a distraction that addicts will be sufficiently diverted from their urges to use substances, and instead substitute positive lifestyle changes?
The STRIDE study will evaluate 330 participants who are currently receiving substance abuse treatment in a residential setting. They will be assigned to one of two groups: Vigorous Intensity High Dose Exercise Augmentation (DEI) or Health Education Intervention Augmentation (HEI). Both groups will also receive Treatment as Usual (TAU). The STRIDE study will have an initial 12-week acute phase, followed by a six-month continuation phase.
As exercise instructors (and Alexandra also holds an advanced degree in mental health counseling), we are definitely looking forward to reading the results of this study!
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Identical twins and fitness pros Kymberly Williams-Evans and Alexandra Williams have been in the fitness industry since the first aerobics studio opened on the European continent. They teach, write, edit, emcee and present their programs worldwide on land, sea and airwaves. They co-write Fun and Fit: Q and A with K and A. You can currently find them in action leading classes in Santa Barbara and Goleta. Kymberly is the former faculty minor adviser at UCSB for its fitness instruction degree offered through the Department of Exercise & Sport Studies; Alexandra serves as an instructor and master teacher for the program. Fun and Fit answers real questions from real people, so please send your comments and questions to .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
POWELL RIVER, B.C. – The Powell River RCMP, Search and Rescue and Air Services were involved in a heroic rescue this past weekend.
According to a release from RCMP Constable Ron Palmquist, police received a report of a hiker gone missing on Saturday, May 26. The hiker was noted to be missing from Goat Island in Powell Lake for 16 hours.
The RCMP immediately activated Search and Rescue. RCMP Air Services assisted, and the hiker was located trapped on a 2700-foot ledge.
442 Squadrons out of Comox was called in and successfully rescued the hiker.
“The Powell River RCMP wish to remind the public to always leave specific instructions to a responsible person or family member in regards to the details of your hiking trip destinations and routes to be taken,” read Palmquist's release.
“It is also suggested to carry the appropriate safety equipment that you may require for the hike, wear appropriate clothing, and to carry the appropriate equipment that can be used to help sustain yourself if you get lost or injured for an extended period of time during your hike.”
The Powell River detachment is also looking into the theft of a dirt bike. The RCMP received this report on May 24.
The bike was stolen from the rear residence in the 6700 block of Drake Street. It's described as a 2007 black/white/red Suzuki DRZ 125.
On May 28, police received notice of a break and enter to a commercial property, in the 4400 block of Joyce Avenue. Several rolls of hydraulic hoses, an older Makita chop saw, and a NAPA brand battery charger were taken.
Anyone with further details on these cases is asked to call the Powell River RCMP at (604) 485-6255 or CrimeStoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
Between May 23 and May 30, the Powell River RCMP responded to 129 calls for service. Some of these calls included four cases of impaired driving, six thefts, three incidents of mischief and two assaults.
Photo caption: The Powell River RCMP detachment. Photo courtesy Google Maps.
HELSINKI (AP) — A fawn that became stranded on a patch of ice in Finland's Inkoo archipelago has gotten a hand from members of the Finnish coast guard.
They spotted the unsteady animal from their hovercraft during a regular patrol on Saturday.
Senior Coast Guard officer Sebastian von Bruun filmed colleague Kristian Rasted pulling the "helpless white-tailed deer on the slippery ice" back to shore. Rasted gave a thumbs-up after the fawn rushed into the woods.
Von Brunn said: "The mother deer was very happy and grateful to get their baby back."
Advertisement
The Coast Guard said while animal rescue missions are not part of its personnel's normal duties, they do occur from time to time.
The Finnish Border Guard, of which the coast guard is past, posted the rescue video on social media.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) walks off the field with teammates in the first half during a National Football League game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Arizona Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona on Monday September 25, 2017. The Dallas Cowboys beat the Arizona Cardinals 28-17. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
Newy Scruggs, sports anchor at NBC5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and radio host weekly from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on NBC Sports Radio Sirius XM 213/202 and NBCSportsRadio.com, answered questions during a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
Question: Are we watching the Cowboys' offensive line take a collective step back?
Newy Scruggs: It's a different offensive line. The Cowboys made changes and it is a jelling period going on right now. The five guys have to get to a point where they are all executing on the same page. I spoke to a few linemen after the game Sunday and they admitted the execution was off in the loss to the Rams. Dallas has too many good guys on the O-line for them to not get things going. If we are honest, the entire offense has not clicked like it did last year.
Aqua Security enables enterprises to secure their container and cloud-native applications from development to production, accelerating application deployment and bridging the gap between DevOps and IT security. The Aqua Container Security Platform protects applications running on-premises or in the cloud, across a broad range of platform technologies, orchestrators and cloud providers. Aqua secures the entire software development lifecycle, including image scanning for known vulnerabilities during the build process, image assurance to enforce policies for production code as it is deployed, and run-time controls for visibility into application activity, allowing organizations to mitigate threats and block attacks in real-time.
CA Technologies creates software that fuels modern transformation for companies across the globe. DevSecOps enables the build, test, security and rollout of software quickly and efficiently, providing software that's more resistant to hacker attacks. Through automation, CA Technologies extends faster deployment with an agile back end that delivers more reliable releases of code helping teams to work collaboratively earlier in the DevSecOps process to detect security vulnerabilities in every phase, from design to deployment.
CodeAI is smart automated secure coding application for DevOps, that fixes security vulnerabilities in computer source code to prevent hacking. It's unique user-centric interface provides developers with a list of solutions to review instead of a list of problems to resolve. Teams that use CodeAI will experience a 30%-50% increase in overall development velocity.
CodeAI takes a unique approach to finding bugs using a proprietary deep learning technology for code trained on real-world bugs and fixes in large amounts of software. CodeAI fixes bugs using simple program transformation schemas derived from bug fixing commits in open source software.
Synopsys helps development teams build secure, high-quality software, minimizing risks while maximizing speed and productivity. Synopsys, a recognized leader in application security, provides static analysis, software composition analysis, and dynamic analysis solutions that enable teams to quickly find and fix vulnerabilities and defects in proprietary code, open source components, and application behavior. With a combination of industry-leading tools, services, and expertise, only Synopsys helps organizations optimize security and quality in DevSecOps and throughout the software development lifecycle.
RELATED CONTENT: Application security needs to shift left
Checkmarx provides application security at the speed of DevOps, enabling organizations to deliver secure software faster. It easily integrates with developers' existing work environments, allowing them to stay in their comfort zone while still addressing secure coding practices.
Chef Automate is a continuous delivery platform that allows developers, operations, and security engineers to collaborate effortlessly on delivering application and infrastructure changes at the speed of business. Chef Automate provides actionable insights into the state of your compliance, configurations, with an auditable history of every change that's been applied to your environments.
CloudPassage, the leader in automated cloud workload and container security, was founded in 2010. The first company to obtain U.S. patents for universal cloud infrastructure security, CloudPassage has been a leading innovator in cloud security automation and compliance monitoring for high-performance application development and deployment environments.
Its on-demand security solution, Halo, is an award-winning workload security automation platform that provides visibility and protection in any combination of data centers, private/public clouds, and containers. Delivered as a service, so it deploys in minutes and scales effortlessly, Halo fully integrates with popular infrastructure automation and orchestration tools along with leading CI/CD tools.
CollabNet VersionOne offers solutions across the DevOps toolchain. Its solutions provide the ability to measure and improve end-to-end continuous delivery, orchestrate delivery pipelines and value streams, standardize and automate deployments and DevOps tasks, and ensure traceability and compliance across workflows, applications, and environments.
Contrast: Assess produces accurate results without dependence on application security experts, using deep security instrumentation to analyze code in real time from within the application. It scales because it instruments application security into each application, delivering vulnerability assessment across an entire application portfolio. Contrast Assess integrates seamlessly into the software lifecycle and into the tool sets that development & operations teams are already using.
Contrast Protect provides actionable and timely application layer threat intelligence across the entire application portfolio. Once instrumented, applications will self-report the following about an attack at a minimum – the attacker, method of attack, which applications, frequency, volume, and level of compromise. Protect provides specific guidance to engineering teams on where applications were attacked and how threats can be remediated. Contrast doesn't require any changes to applications or the runtime environment, and no network configuration or learning mode is necessary.
CyberArk delivers the most comprehensive solution for protecting against the exploitation of privileged accounts, credentials and secrets anywhere – on the endpoint and across on-premises, hybrid cloud, and DevOps environments. CyberArk Conjur is a secrets management solution that secures and manages secrets used by machine identities (including applications, microservices, applications, CI/CD tools and APIs) and users throughout the DevOps pipeline to mitigate risk without impacting velocity. Conjur is the only platform-independent secrets management solution specifically architected for containerized environments and can be deployed at massive scale. CyberArk Conjur is also available to developers as an Open Source Community Edition.
Datical is a database company that allows organizations to deliver error-free application experiences faster. The company's solutions make database code deployment as simple as application release automation, while still eliminating risks that cause application downtime and data security vulnerabilities.
Using Datical to automate database releases means organizations are now able to deliver error-free application experiences faster and safer while focusing resources on the high-value tasks that move the business forward.
IBM is recognized by IDC as a leader in DevSecOps. IBM's approach is to deliver secure DevOps at scale in the cloud, or behind the firewall. IBM provides a set of industry-leading solutions that work with your existing environment. And of course they work fantastically together: Change is delivered from dev to production with the IBM UrbanCode continuous delivery suite. Changes are tested with Rational Test Workbench, and security tested with IBM AppScan or Application Security on Cloud. IBM helps you build your production safety net with application management, Netcool Operations Insight and IBM QRadar for security intelligence and events.
Imperva offers many different solutions to help you secure your applications. Organizations will be able to protect application in the cloud and on-premises with the same set of security policies and management capabilities. Its multiple deployment methods allow teams to meet the specific security and service level requirements for individual applications.
Imperva WAF protects against the most critical web application security risks: SQL injection, cross-site scripting, illegal resource access, remote file inclusion, and other OWASP Top 10 and Automated Top 20 threats. Imperva security researchers continually monitor the threat landscape and update Imperva WAF with the latest threat data.
JFrog Xray is a continuous security and universal artifact analysis tool, providing multilayer analysis of containers and software artifacts for vulnerabilities, license compliance, and quality assurance. Deep recursive scanning provides insight into your components graph and shows the impact that any issue has on all your software artifacts.
Nosprawl is security for DevOps. As DevOps matures and finds broader adoption in enterprises, the scope of DevOps must be expanded to include all the teams and stakeholders that contribute to application delivery including security. NoSprawl integrates with software development platforms to check for security vulnerabilities throughout the entire software development lifecycle to deliver verified secure software before it gets into production.
Parasoft: Harden your software with a comprehensive security testing solution, with support for important standards like CERT-C, CWE, and MISRA. To help you understand and prioritize risk, Parasoft's static analysis violation metadata includes likelihood of exploit, difficulty to exploit/remediate, and inherent risk, so you can focus on what's most important in your C and C++ code.
In addition to static analysis that detects security vulnerabilities, weak code susceptible to hacking, and helps enforce secure engineering standards in support of Secure-by-Design, Parasoft provides flexible, intelligent dashboards and reports specifically designed for each standard to provide necessary information for reporting and compliance auditing. Configuration, reporting, and remediation are all standards centric – no need to translate vendor IDs to standards IDs.
Qualys is a leading provider of information security and compliance cloud solutions, with over 10,300 customers globally. It provides enterprises with greater agility, better business outcomes, and substantial cost savings for digital transformation efforts. The Qualys Cloud Platform and apps integrated with it help businesses simplify security operations and automates the auditing, compliance, and protection for IT systems and web applications.
Redgate Software's SQL Data Privacy Suite helps you adopt a DevSecOps approach that protects your business, by providing a scalable and repeatable process for managing personally-identifiable information as it moves through your SQL Server estate. It maps your entire SQL data estate, identifies sensitive data, helps you protect it through automatic data masking and encryption, and allows you to monitor and demonstrate compliance for regulations such as GDPR, HIPAA and SOX during data handling. The all-in-one solution lets you discover, classify, protect, and monitor data, processes and activity throughout your SQL Server estate.
Rogue Wave Software helps thousands of global enterprise customers tackle the hardest and most complex issues in building, connecting, and securing applications. Our Klocwork static code analysis tool helps DevSecOps professionals, from developers to test automation engineers to compliance leaders, create more secure code with on-the-fly security analysis at the desktop and integrated into large-scale continuous integration workflows.
Signal Sciences secures the most important applications, APIs, and microservices of the world's leading companies. Our next-gen WAF and RASP help you increase security and maintain site reliability without sacrificing velocity, all at the lowest total cost of ownership.
DevSecOps isn't just about shifting left. Feedback loops on where attacks against applications occur and are successful in production are critical. Signal Sciences gets developers and operations involved by providing relevant data, helping them triage issues faster with less effort. With Signal Sciences, teams can see actionable insights, secure across the broadest attack classes, and scale to any infrastructure and volume elastically.
Sonatype‘s Nexus platform helps more than 10 million software developers innovate faster while mitigating security risks inherent in open source. Powered by Nexus IQ, the platform combines unrivaled, in-depth intelligence with real-time remediation guidance to automate and scale open source governance across every stage of the modern DevOps pipeline. Nexus IQ enables Nexus Firewall, which stops risky components from entering the development environment. From there, trusted components are stored in Nexus Repository, and can be easily distributed into the development process. Then, Nexus Lifecycle uses Nexus IQ to automatically and continuously identify and remediate, oss risks in all areas of an environment, including applications in production.
Sumo Logic is the leading secure, cloud-native, multi-tenant machine data analytics platform that delivers real-time, continuous intelligence across the entire application lifecycle and stack. Sumo Logic simplifies DevSecOps implementation at the code level, enabling customers to build infrastructure to scale securely and quickly. This approach is required to maintain speed, agility and innovation while simultaneously meeting security regulations while staying alert for malicious cyber threats.
WhiteHat Security has been in the business of securing applications for 17 years. In that time, applications evolved and became the driving force of the digital business, but they've also remained the primary target of malicious hacks. The WhiteHat Application Security Platform is a cloud service that allows organizations to bridge the gap between security and development to deliver secure applications at the speed of business. Its software security solutions work across departments to provide fast turnaround times for Agile environments, near-zero false positives and precise remediation plans while reducing wasted time verifying vulnerabilities, threats and costs for faster deployment.
RELATED CONTENT: How these companies can help make your applications more secure
Central Coast native Jade Jackson, who is currently on tour with Social Distortion, made their first national television appearance over the weekend.
Jackson appeared on CBS This Morning on Saturday, performing three songs off of their album, “Gilded,” which was released earlier this year.
The 25-year-old Jackson, who is from Santa Margarita, got their start performing around SLO County as a teenager. Them big break came during an open mic night at Kreuzberg Coffee Co. in San Luis Obispo, where the wife of Social Distortion lead singer Mike Ness saw them perform.
By Jeff Giles
Josh Homme has issued another apology to the photographer they injured – and this time, they didn't claim to be “lost in performance” when the incident occurred.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
The Beatles' first record contract could fetch $150,000 at auction Beatlemania will hit the Big Apple next month when a rare collection of memorabilia hits the auction block. Hundreds of items — including the Beatles' first recording contract from 1961...
Don't Miss: A 'New Girl' mitzvah, 'Walking Dead' shambles back New Girl (Tuesday, 9 p.m., Fox) Jess (Zooey Deschanel) has a wild-child sister, Abby (Linda Cardellini), who comes to visit them at the loft and immediately throws everything off-balance. Meanwhile,...
Meet the girl who rescued George Harrison for Ed Sullivan Of course there were the thousands of screaming teenage girls who loved them — yeah, yeah, yeah. But when the four Beatles first landed in New York in early February...
Microsoft To Release Windows 10 Creators Update on April 11
In addition to announcing the release date for its next big Windows 10 update -- April 11 -- Microsoft today unveiled several new partner-manufactured devices designed to support the new operating system's novel features.
Among the new tools arriving with the Windows 10 Creators Update is Paint 3D, which represents a major change for Microsoft's long-used Paint tool. The update will let users convert two-dimensional drawings into 3D, create 3D images from scratch or share 3D art with others via a built-in online community.
The Creators Update will also bring new security updates, including a Windows Defender Security Center and screen time controls for parents whose kids play Xbox One. And enterprise users of Microsoft's Surface Hub will see a number of top-requested new features for better collaboration, the company said.
New 3D Paint, Mixed-Reality Apps
Available to current Windows 10 users as a free update, the Creators Update will be rolled out "in a measured way to ensure the best possible customer experience," according to Yusuf Mehdi, corporate vice president of Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group.
Writing on the company's Windows 10 blog today, Mehdi said the new Paint 3D app is designed to enable the more than 100 million monthly users of the traditional Paint tool to express their creativity in new ways as the 3D image industry continues expanding. They noted the 3D market is predicted to grow by more than 62 percent by 2020.
Beyond introducing 3D drawing, the Creators Update will also support new applications for mixed reality, with several manufacturing partners set to come out with Windows Mixed Reality headsets later this year, Mehdi said. Priced at $299, the headsets "will contain built-in sensors to enable inside-out, six-degrees of freedom, allowing for easy setup and free movement without the need for external markers or sensors in the wall," they said.
Developer editions of the mixed-reality headsets (from Acer), along with development kits, became available to developers earlier this month.
The Creators Update will also introduce a Windows Defender Security Center dashboard designed to make it easier for users to control their security settings and preferences from one location, Mehdi said. Other additions include a new Device Health Advisor and additional settings to control the installation of apps.
Devices Built for Creators Update Coming
Microsoft is also expanding availability of several Surface products introduced last year. Starting April 20, the Surface Book with Performance Base can be purchased in Austria, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the U.K. On the same day, customers in Australia, Canada and New Zealand will also be able to buy the Surface Studio and Surface Dial accessory.
In coming months, new devices from other manufacturing partners that support the Creators Update will also hit the market, according to Peter Han, Microsoft's vice president for worldwide OEM marketing.
Among the new devices coming out are the Dell Canvas, a 27-inch "smart workspace" enabling design by touch, digital pen, dial or other accessories; the 13-inch Acer Spin 7 convertible with touchscreen display; and the HP EliteBook x360, which is optimized for Microsoft's Windows Ink digital markup application. Other manufacturing partners planning to launch devices to work with Microsoft's latest release include Lenovo, with the coming Yoga Book 2-in-1, and Toshiba, which is getting ready to launch the Portege X20W.
Writing in a separate Windows blog post today, Han said the Creators Update will expand the capabilities for Windows Ink, making it possible to digitally draw or write on maps, photos and videos, as well as on Web pages through the Microsoft Edge Web browser.
Image credit: MIcrosoft.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bookies still think Garry Monk's Birmingham City will drop to League One - despite a vital win.
Blues remain odds on to be relegated from the Championship despite a key 3-0 victory over Hull City - the first of the Monk era.
However, after that followed a seven-match losing streak, including against Cardiff City, Aston Villa, Milwall, Brentford and Barnsley, Blues remain in the Championship drop zone.
Having been sixth favourites to go down last month, bookies now make them odds on to go down, at 4/5 largely.
Burton Albion, Sunderland and Blues are the favourites to go down, and Barnsley and Bolton Wanderers are now considered less likely than Blues.
Burton are racing favourites for the drop, while Sunderland are also odds on.
Blues had been on an impressive run until the away trip to Villa, and Steve Cotterill's men have had a wobble since.
These are the latest odds according to Ladbrokes :
Sunderland: 1/16
Burton Albion: 1/12
Birmingham City: 4/5
Barnsley: evens
Reading: 9/2
Bolton: 6/1
Contacting a criminal defense lawyer must be the first step after the accusation of a criminal case. When you prepare yourself to handle the case without any legal assistance, you have a high probability to fail. For a common man, it is very tough to understand the laws that too, criminal laws. Criminal laws are said to be complex when comparing it to other laws. An efficient lawyer not only will have knowledge of criminal laws but also they will have experience in the field and will be able to guess the outcomes of the case and they will act accordingly. They will provide strong defense and will work to get your desired results.
Criminal process
Initially, after you have been suspected of a criminal offense, the arrest will take place and you will be taken to the police station. Your details will be collected by the officials. In the other case, the arrest will not take place. In that scenario, you will be receiving mail having a criminal citation. Then, the show cause hearing will be scheduled which is the time the evidence will be determined. This show because hearing is applicable to drug possession, shoplifting, assault, leaving the scene of the accident, and negligent operation.
The next step in the process is an arraignment, which is the procedure in which the defendant will be informed of their charges. After your arrest that is before the completion of 24 hours, you will be called for arraignment. Depending on the type of your offense, bail will be decided. For higher level crime, there will be a bail hearing held. In certain cases like as low-level crimes, there will be no necessity for bail. Sometimes, the person will be freed based on few conditions. A pre-trial conference will be held after a month of arraignment. Your attorney will gather all the information regarding the case.
During the plea bargain, the defendant pleads guilty to a certain charge. It is usually an agreement between the defendant and the prosecutor. Generally, the criminal cases come to an end in the plea bargain itself and it does not proceed to trial. If this does not work out, a trial will take place. To know more, visit https://hampdencriminaldefense.com/criminal-defense/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
George Michael's heartbroken boyfriend has told how they spent the night in their car as the star died alone at home.
Fadi Fawaz, who found them the next day, told the Mirror they fell asleep outside and will never again see their boyfriend.
Tweets from Fadi's account had previously claimed that George had wanted to die and had killed themselves – but later said they had been hacked.
They said: “I fell asleep in my car and I never saw them that night.”
The 40-year-old originally claimed they spent the weekend at George's house and found them dead on Christmas morning.
But they now insist the pair spent the night apart and they discovered their lifeless body the next day.
Fadi added: “I never saw him. I fell asleep in my car and I never saw them that night. The police know ­everything. That's the most important thing.”
But last week they said: “I stayed the whole weekend. I was there Friday night and then I found them Sunday.”
Fadi was pictured buying coffee on Christmas Eve from a shop near George's home in the village of Goring-on-Thames, Oxon. They were wearing sandals and socks. It is unclear why they spent the night apart from their 53-year-old lover.
A post mortem into George's death last Friday proved “inconclusive”.
A Tweet from Fadi's account said at the time: “Not sure who that nasty close friend of George but i was in relationship with george micheal till i found them dead in bed.
“The only thing George wanted is to DIE. They tried numbers of time to kill themselves many times…” Another added chillingly: “And finally they managed…
“We loved each other very much and we were together almost 24 hours a day…”
The tweets – as well as Fadi's account – were then deleted. But not before they were spotted by George's legions of fans.
Fadi claimed they had been hacked. When contacted by the Mirror, the 40-year-old said: “I am shocked with what's going on with the Twitter thing.
“My Twitter account has been hacked and closed. It's a bit scary to be honest. I did not send those tweets. I woke up at 11.30am to the news. I am not going to worry about these things.”
Fadi insisted they had “no idea” what killed George and they were waiting for the results of further tests into the cause. They added: “All we have to do is wait for them and everything will be clear and that will be it.”
Asked about reports the singer was battling heroin addiction, they replied: “No way. I have read a lot of shocking things.”
The deadline is approaching if you were thinking of throwing your hat in the ring for the provincial election. Candidates have until 1 PM on Tuesday, April 18th to submit their papers.
Andrew Watson with Elections BC says the nomination package needs to include signatures of 75 eligible voters from the district and a nomination deposit.
“Nominations are being accepted at the offices of the district electoral officers in every district in BC up until that time. After candidate nominations close, we'll post the final list of candidates on our website…”, they say.
Further details on candidate packages and voter information is available on Elections BC's website.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Social action and engagement may help marginalized teens in their careers later in life, particularly if teachers help them discuss and engage with social issues, new research suggests.
“We have strong evidence that directly addressing and challenging—instead of avoiding—inequality is good for historically marginalized youth…”
At a time when race and inequality are in the headlines daily, it seems, researchers find that addressing these issues can help disadvantaged students build a critical consciousness that can lead to success in adulthood.
The research shows that activism during adolescence, from civic engagement to protest, often positively impacts academic achievement and leads to securing a higher-status occupation in adulthood.
“We have strong evidence that directly addressing and challenging—instead of avoiding—inequality is good for historically marginalized youth,” says Matthew Diemer, an associate professor in the University of Michigan School of Education. “This implies that when educators provide a space for students to reflect, discuss, and challenge inequalities, those students engage and learn more.”
Diemer says such an approach allows schools to achieve their mission to prepare all students to succeed, and helps students attain jobs that are more prestigious and higher paying as adults.
They say teachers should take the opportunity to tackle issues related to social inequalities, whether large or small, and points to recent issues such as Charlottesville and the NFL kneeling controversy as perfect examples of big topics teachers should not avoid.
Other issues that crop up in individual schools such as segregation in the lunchroom or racial disparities in school discipline or dress code enforcement should be addressed as well, they say.
But creating critical consciousness goes beyond discussions. Luke Rapa, an assistant professor of adolescent development in Clemson University's College of Education, says social action can take the form of a donation of time or money to political action groups, participation in women's rights groups, or even protest.
“Youth in the sample we studied who were engaged in social action had higher expectations for their own career trajectories,” Rapa says. “This suggests that students who engage in social action take the time to reflect critically on their surroundings. That critical thinking motivates them, and that same sense of motivation may be what pays off for them in whatever career they choose.”
The study utilized data from the Maryland Adolescent Development in Context Study, which has studied a sample of children from 23 public middle schools in Maryland since 1991. Rapa, Diemer, and Josefina Bañales of the University of Michigan, studied a subsample of these students ages 17 to 29 that was made up of poor and working-class African-American participants.
Diemer originally became interested in questions of critical consciousness from their time in classrooms with children struggling to make sense of inequalities in their day-to-day lives. It's in settings like this that Diemer hopes the real impact of the research will be felt—the study's results strongly imply that educators should meet topics related to social justice head on in classroom settings instead of shying away from them.
They say fear of discouraging students or of becoming too political in the classroom, and a feeling of inadequate preparation make teachers afraid to broach topics. The researchers hope their findings might help teachers and administrators see value in opening these discussions.
“It's meaningful to see that by broaching these topics and supporting the development of critical consciousness in students, educators are actually opening the door for marginalized youth to better navigate the structures that marginalized them in the first place,” Rapa says.
The researchers report their findings in the journal Developmental Psychology.
Source: University of Michigan
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) — An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Advertisement
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
A man with a pipe bomb strapped to their body set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday morning.
Eric Boullier says McLaren is staying out of the fight over controversial suspension designs in 2017.
A big battle between Mercedes and Red Bull, who will race so-called 'active suspension'-mimicking designs this year, and Ferrari could result in an official protest being lodged in Melbourne.
Explaining how the fight broke out, McLaren chief Boullier said: "Today we have very restrictive chassis regulations.
"That means you have many ideas that can be interpreted differently within the scope of the regulations. This is why Ferrari insists upon its opinion," they are quoted by German-language media.
But Boullier said McLaren, fighting back for competitiveness with struggling engine supplier Honda, is staying out of the heat of the battle.
"We are very neutral," they are quoted by Spox. "An agreement has been reached with the FIA, which is that we have to adhere to the existing rules but disclose our procedures in more detail."
But Boullier thinks they have a better solution to the controversy.
"To be honest, one day we should just end it and copy road cars and bring back active suspension," they said.
ALAD Porphyria (Aminolevulinic acid dehydratase porphyria) is a rare disease caused by the deficiency of 5-aminolevulinic acid dehydratase in the body. It results in an increase in ALAD in liver, blood, urine and other tissues. It is also associated with an increase in erythrocyte protoporphyrin and urine coproporphyrin. It is an autosomal recessive disease and it mostly affects only male patients. Treatment mainly includes enzyme inhibitors derived from processed red blood cells and symptomatic therapy. In symptomatic therapy, NSAIDS, anti-emetics and others are used to manage the disease.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6915
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints
FDA's Office of Orphan Products Development (OOPD) and Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program (formerly known as Orphan Products Grants) supports the clinical development of products to be used for treating rare diseases or conditions where no current therapy exists or where the proposed product will be superior to the existing therapy and this will fuel the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Along with this, FDA also provides grants for clinical studies on safety and/or effectiveness that will either result in or substantially contribute to market approval of these products. Other factors, such as the fact that the growing demand for orphan drugs is inelastic, meaning that it is relatively insensitive to any changes in prices, will also add to the growth of the ALAD Porphyria treatment market. Orphan drugs are developed for conditions where there are only a few effective treatment options available. A relatively small fraction of the affected population allows the cost of the drug to not severely strain the healthcare system and this will boost the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market. Orphan diseases are supported by well-organized patient-advocacy organizations, including the National Organization for Rare Disorders in the U.S. and EURORDIS in the EU. It may be politically untenable for a payer to refuse coverage for a promising new therapy on cost grounds.
Healthcare providers do not have adequate information regarding the treatment and management of disease. Most people suffering from rare diseases do not have any treatment options available for their condition. Awareness and understanding of rare diseases is often low and many patients struggle to find adequate information about their condition. This particular factor will restrain the growth of the ALAD porphyria treatment market.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on Drug Type
NSAIDS
Anti-Emetics
Enzyme Inhibitors
Others
Segmentation based on Distribution Channel
Hospital Pharmacies
Retail Pharmacies/Drugstores
E-Commerce
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Market Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is witnessing rapid growth due to rising demand for ALAD Porphyria Treatment. There have been a number of initiatives aimed at raising awareness. The Global Genes Project, one of the leading rare and genetic disease patient advocacy organizations in the world, plans to sponsor grassroots activities to increase awareness internationally. The Rare Disease Day is a global initiative aimed at increasing awareness about rare diseases for both healthcare professionals and the population at large. Along with this, many government agencies, educational institutions, clinical centers and corporations have signed on as Rare Disease Day Partners. The future of ALAD Porphyria Treatment market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Region-Wise Overview
The global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia -Pacific & Japan, Middle East and Africa regions and Latin America. North America dominates the global ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market due to growing high awareness and in North America, the USA is expected to be a major stakeholder due to the high penetration. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market to new heights. European and APAC are expected to be the fastest growing regions due to rising awareness about ALAD Porphyria Treatment. Latin America is expected to grow at a stable pace due to increasing acceptance of ALAD Porphyria Treatment. The Middle East and Africa regions are showing significant growth because of growing awareness regarding ALAD Porphyria Treatment. However, developed countries will maintain their position in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market because of increasing awareness and rising adoption.
ALAD Porphyria Treatment Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the ALAD Porphyria Treatment market include Recordati Rare Diseases Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Mylan N.V., AstraZeneca Plc. and others.
Visit For Table of Contents:https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6915
Andre Johnson to sign one-day contract to retire a Texan
hello
HOUSTON -- Andre Johnson will sign a one-day contract with Houston on Wednesday so they can retire as a Texan.
Johnson was released in 2014 after spending their first 12 seasons with the Texans. They spent one season with the Colts before retiring last season after spending the first eight games with the Titans.
The third overall pick in the 2003 draft, Johnson left Houston as the franchise's career leader in receptions (1,012), yards receiving (13,597), receiving touchdowns (64) and 100-yard games (51).
Johnson started 169 games for Houston and had seven 1,000-yard receiving seasons, including a career-high and franchise-record 1,598 yards receiving in 2012.
The Texans will honor them with a ceremony on Wednesday to commemorate their retirement.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
A boost in equipment sales propelled Caterpillar's first-quarter profit, as a strong global economy helped support construction and energy industry projects.
The maker of heavy equipment and machinery also greatly increased its outlook for the year, citing an upbeat global market, better pricing and demand.
Profit rose eightfold to $1.67 billion, or $2.74 per share, while revenue surged 31 percent to $12.86 billion. The results topped Wall Street expectations.
Construction equipment sales rose 38 percent during the quarter, while energy and transportation equipment sales rose 26 percent. North America remained the company's biggest market, with its Asia/Pacific region coming in as its next biggest.
Advertisement
Looking ahead, the Deerfield, Illinois company boosted its full-year outlook by $2 to a range of $9.75 to $10.75 per share.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed their mind and will be staying with the Volunteers.
Kirkland shared on social media last week that they were leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining.
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin, Florida, that they met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee.
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a first-year student in 2015, but injuries limited them in 2016 and prevented them from playing at all last year. They made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain. They sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury.
São Paulo (AP) — Police have searched the offices of Philips in Brazil and are executing arrest warrants for two people linked to the Dutch electronics company.
Wednesday's operation is part of an investigation into suspected fraud in the supply of medical equipment to the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics and the Rio de Janeiro Health Department.
Prosecutors allege that several companies formed a cartel to win and inflate contracts. In all, 22 arrest warrants were issued and 44 addresses searched.
Prosecutors say two warrants are for people linked to Philips. The company says one had been an executive who has left the company, while the other works in sales. It says the current employee was brought in for questioning and that the company is cooperating with the authorities.
Doug “Cosmo” Clifford was the drummer for Creedence Clearwater Revival, whose songbook includes classics such as “Proud Mary,” “Bad Moon Rising,” “Green River,” “Down on the Corner,” “My Back Door,” “Fortunate Son,” “Travelin' Band,” Up Around the Bend” and “Have You Ever Seen the Rain?” Creedence also did smoke covers of “Susie Q” and “I Heard It Through the Gravevine.” The band broke up acrimoniously in 1972, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
In 1995, Clifford and Creedence Clearwater Revival bassist Stu Cook formed Creedence Clearwater Revisited, the name change reflecting the absence of singer/songwriter John Fogerty and their late brother, Tom. This band, which not coincidentally also abbreviates to CCR, plays the hits we know and love from their days with Creedence Clearwater Revival.
Creedence Clearwater Revisited will perform at the Santa Barbara County Fair in Santa Maria at 8 p.m. July 13. The show is free with paid admission into the fair, and seating is first come, first served. Click here for more information on the show.
Clifford spoke to Noozhawk by phone from their home in Reno. Click here for the full interview, including the story of how they got the nickname “Cosmo.”
Jeff Moehlis: What can we look forward to at the Santa Maria show?
Doug Clifford: A lot of good rock ‘n' roll, that's for sure. If you like Creedence you're gonna love this band.
JM: I saw you guys when you played at the Chumash Casino last summer, and thought you sounded wonderful. Is it the same lineup from that show?
DC: Yeah, it's the same lineup. (In addition to Clifford and Cook, the band consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Johnny “The Bulldog” Tristao, guitarist Kurt Griffey and multiinstrumentalist Captain Steve Gunner.
JM: Creedence Clearwater Revival had a different sound from the other bands from the Bay Area at the time. From your perspective, where did CCR fit in with that scene?
DC: Well, we didn't (laughs). Our peers laughed at us and called us the “Boy Scouts of Rock ‘n' Roll” because we played sober, we practiced sober, and we were playing the style of music that we were playing. I mean, they just said we wouldn't make it playing that stuff, and we said, “Well, then we'll never make it. But we're not gonna be something that isn't us.” The last laugh is always the best.
JM: It's amazing how productive the band was. For example, in 1969 you released three phenomenal albums, Bayou Country, Green River and Willy and the Poor Boys. How did you guys do it? How did you keep up that sort of pace?
DC: It was kind of silly really, but that's how we did things. We worked every day, and as I said, even in rehearsals or practice or whatever you want to call it, everybody was straight and sober. That was the deal we made. A strong work ethic, basically. Things were easier to do because you were cognizant of what you were doing. Material would come in, or ideas, we'd work them up and figure out the drum part — I'd come up with that most of the time. We just didn't waste any time.
We rehearsed, went into the studio, and we knocked out an album in two weeks. That's from first going in for tracking to coming out with a finished product. We were well-prepared, I guess that's the term.
JM: CCR played at Woodstock. I'm curious, what was your Woodstock experience like?
DC: For us, in retrospect it was great — peace and love and all of that. But on the other side of the coin it was a logistical nightmare. We were filming a TV special in L.A. for Andy Williams, and they kept having problems. Technical problems and problems with the union. So we stayed as long as we could. We finally got a decent track, and there was still feedback in it somewhere. It wasn't our feedback, it was their feedback. We had to fly a red-eye to New York, which we hadn't planned on doing. And then when we got there all the travel plans had changed, we weren't going in a vehicle. All the roads were blocked — people just left their cars, abandoned them. So we had to fly into a small airport with a smaller plane, and then a little bubble two-man helicopter that ended up being a three-man helicopter flying in.
Then once we got there there had been rain and problems with electronics, and all of those things. We got on very, very late, and then had to get out. But there were moments when you could see everybody. You know, there was no violence. People didn't have drinking water, they didn't have food, they didn't have shelter, they were soaking wet. But they managed to all share what they had, even with strangers. You could actually feel the energy, the positive energy. The hair on my arms stood up — I'll never forget it. I hate to be corny, but you could feel the love that was happening there. A lot of people, naked, running around, covered with mud, some not covered with mud, just making the best possible situation out of a bad one.
JM: I don't play drums myself, but I know that playing drums is a very physical activity, and it's quite impressive that you're still doing this at 68 years old. What's your trick for longevity, being still out there pounding on the drums?
DC: Well, I eat right and I exercise. I've done that all my life, so that's part of my being. I've got less than 10 percent body fat, I've got 50 beats a minute at rest with my heart rate. I just take care of
myself the best that I can, because it is a physical workout for sure, and I want to be able to play like I did when I was 25. The difference is we play twice as long now. We played about 50 minutes long in the old days, and now we play about 90-100 minutes. You know, being physically fit and having good habits and staying away from the bad ones.
JM: Do you want to set the record straight on anything regarding your career, CCR or otherwise?
DC: Well, you know you read a lot of stuff that John has said about us. I just read something about the recording process. They said, “I came in and showed them all what to play.” That's just really not correct.
Let's just put it this way. If you look at what we did in less than four years, and what he's done as a solo artist, some 40-odd years, he's had two hit records, two Top Ten singles in that period of time. They were the writer, there's no question about that. They were a greatly gifted, hard-working guy. I would never dispute that. But to say we just sat there like bumps on logs, and they just told us everything that we had to do — that's not correct. Those grooves — that's why we would jam on ideas. That's how it worked. We were very, very good about working together as a team, no matter what was going on internally. That's what we did.
— Jeff Moehlis is a Noozhawk contributing writer and a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Santa Barbara. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on their web site, music-illuminati.com. The opinions expressed are their own.
Two boys who vandalised graves in their South Australia home town broke down in tears after their mum handed them in to the authorities for what they had done.
The two boys, aged 10 and 11, vandalised headstones at the Berry cemetery in the small town of Riverland, South Australia.
After finding out what their children had done, the mother called the local council to tell them who'd done it.
Photo / Gofundme
"I explained to the boys the meaning of a headstone and that each headstone tells its own story, I explained to them that a grave is a very sacred site for each person," Berri Barmera Council works co-ordinator Otto De Grancy told the Adelaide Advertiser.
Advertisement
"After a while, the lads really broke down and I drummed into them how much they'd hurt their mum and nana and they gave them a kiss and cuddle and apologised," they added.
The boys have also been taken to the cemetery to see the damage they had done and apologise again.
Unfortunately there has been significant vandalism at the Berri Cemetery. Due to ongoing Police investigation, we ask... Posted by Berri Barmera Council on Wednesday, 6 December 2017
"By the end, one of the little boys said 'I just wish I could take all this back and say sorry to all the people' and that's when I knew they were not bad kids," they said.
The boys will now put in the time to work in the cemetery and make up for what they did.
The boys will now work in the cemetery to make up for the damage. Photo / Gofundme
They were suspended from their primary school and will weed the grounds at the cemetery for a week.
A Gofundme page is raising money to repair the damage.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff City Supporters' Club has called for action to be taken against Derby County regarding the postponement of Sunday's Championship fixture at Pride Park Stadium.
The Rams called the game off at around 8.30am as a result of adverse weather conditions, saying: "Following persistent heavy snowfall in Derby overnight, the surrounding areas at Pride Park Stadium have been left in an unsafe condition for supporters, staff and officials."
The decision was criticised by some, including Cardiff boss Neil Warnock, who branded it "scandalous" and a "disgrace".
The Cardiff City Supporters' Club (CCSC) was also unhappy and has accused Derby County of not doing enough to try to get the game on.
They are now making an official complaint to the EFL.
"We will be taking this further," said CCSC spokesperson and travel officer Vince Alm.
"We've got a complaint going into the EFL. We want answers.
"We're also writing to Derby council's Safety Advisory Group and to Derbyshire Police to find out more information.
"We will be asking what plans were put in place and who did the risk assessment?
(Image: Picture: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
"I'm a contracts manager and deal with health and safety every day.
"From the evidence I have collected - pictures and information - there was very minimal risk to any supporters, officials or staff - not just in terms of around the ground but the approaches to the ground, too.
"I'm used to having games postponed. It happens - I get that. But this was totally different to anything else I have ever known.
"Fans were tweeting pictures from the ground and it looked fine. The roads were clear, shops were open.
"It was all a bit strange to us."
The CCSC believes the Rams should face punishment for calling the game off.
"We want compensation for the supporters who made the effort to get to the game, and we want some action taken against Derby," Alm added.
"We're not looking for a points deduction, because we don't want to penalise their fans.
"But, in our opinion, the people who had to make these decisions fell very short and should be held accountable.
"It was all a bit of a mess and people need to learn lessons from this."
Cardiff City, meanwhile, has been in touch with the EFL about the situation.
"The club is in discussion with the EFL regarding the postponement of yesterday's fixture and rearrangement of the game," said a spokesperson.
"At this stage we don't know when the game will be and the information we have as to why it was postponed is included in the statement provided by the EFL yesterday."
The EFL said in their statement on Sunday: “The decision to postpone this afternoon's fixture was made first thing on Sunday morning following discussions between Derby County, Derbyshire Police and the local Safety Advisory Group (SAG).
“It was taken in the interests of spectator safety and followed heavy overnight snow falling in the Derby area which had built up on the roads surrounding the stadium.
“Cardiff City were informed of the decision and the reasons behind it as soon as it was reached. An announcement was made at 8.30am.
“The EFL is satisfied from the information shared with us that these were the reasons the match was postponed and will provide Cardiff City with the opportunity to provide any additional information/evidence they feel is relevant, before responding further."
The Rams responded by releasing a fresh statement on Monday, standing by their original decision.
"We fully complied with all the matchday operational regulations surrounding the postponement of the game," said the club's chief public relations officer Paul Tyrrell.
"The decision was fully supported by the independent Safety Advisory Group, who are responsible for ensuring that the club complies with the terms and conditions of our Safety Certificate."
Falkland, N.C. (WNCT)- According to Pitt County Communications, around 5 a.m.the Falkland Fire Department responded to a house fire at 3620 West Avenue- across from the fire station.
EMS are on the scene as well.
No word yet if anyone was home during the time of the fire.
We will continue to update this story online and on air as more information becomes available
“Godrej group of builders is developing an ambitious world-class residential project at Mulund Thane Circle that assures plush elegant apartments surrounded by ample greenery and several uber on-premise amenities.”
Great News for real estate investors seeking a potential real estate investment opportunity in Mumbai area. Nationally famous real estate builders, Godrej, has recently announced about the launch of its upcoming residential project at Mulund Thane Circle that promises world-class apartments flanked by lush greenery at a reasonable price. Titled “Godrej Alive”, the project speaks of excellent facilities for physical activities, entertainment and a happier lifestyle.
Located at the premier location of LBS Road, Thane, the new residential project is close enough to access all the modern amenities of a metro easily yet far enough from the hustle-bustle of a busy city. The entire project spans across a sprawling land of 6 acres that will host 8 residential towers with ample open space and huge parking area. 4 towers have been released on Phase 1 and investors can choose from luxury and ultra-luxe apartments ranging from 2 BHK to 4 BHK flats – as per their needs and budget.
“Imagine waking up everyday to the chirping of birds followed by a refreshing Tai Chi session in the lap of nature yet without compromising on the comfort of urban amenities. Well, our upcoming project Godrej Alive will bring to you a new address of happy lifestyle where you can experience the best of both worlds- the goodness of nature and the state of the art facilities of an uber luxury apartment. Investors are in for a treat here,” stated a leading spokesperson from Godrej group of builders.
Godrej Alive Mulund stands out in the city real estate space with its innovative design, grand finish and striking look. The premise opens up with a mind-blowing view with more than 50% open space dedicated to greenery and amazing physical activities like bungee dancing, Tai Chi, air yoga and so on.
Godrej Alive price stated in the table are exclusive of GST and registration. From the price point of view, you need not be worried about whether to make an investment or not as Godrej properties are known for their brilliant infrastructure and innovation this is the fair price and an affordable option. Also, according to the growth in the real estate market around the location of this project, this can be easily seen that the future value of this project and saying more precisely the price of your apartment will be going to increase.
As Godrej Properties is a big name thus home loans are easily approving for this project and it is the time to make full use of this opportunity so that you can secure your future. To get complete detail about price and to get some attractive offers get in touch with us. Use this opportunity to buy a premium house at the heart of the city.
Contact us for best offer about godrej alive mulund
Tell No:- +91-9810047296, 9810009987, ( UK ) + 44 20 3514 5468, (USA) + 646 626 4218
Register For Inquiry fill up the free site visit form :- http://srkresidency.com
US president Donald Trump hit out at their attorney general, Jeff Sessions, on Wednesday, declaring that they wished they had never appointed him.
In a series of morning Twitter posts Mr Trump quoted Republican member of congress Trey Gowdy, who expressed sympathy for the president's frustration with the attorney general in a morning TV interview on CBS. Quoting Mr Gowdy, who said “there are lots of really good lawyers in the country; they could have picked someone else”, Mr Trump tweeted: “And I wish I did!”
Mr Trump's post was the latest in a series of complaints by the president about Mr Sessions, the former Alabama senator who was appointed by the president as the nation's top law official.
Mr Sessions's decision last year to recuse themselves from the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, following confirmation that they had failed to fully inform the Senate of their dealings with Russia's US ambassador, infuriated the president.
Mr Trump made no mention of Mr Sessions in later appearances during the day, but their early-morning Twitter post followed a story overnight in the New York Times that Mr Trump asked Mr Sessions to reconsider their recusal at a meeting in Mar-a-Lago in March last year. That meeting is now being investigated by the special counsel investigation led by Robert Mueller, the newspaper reported.
Mr Trump has since then described Mr Sessions as “beleaguered” and asked why the attorney general is not investigating Hillary Clinton.
Asked about Mr Trump's comments, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the president had made their views known, adding: “I don't have any personnel announcements at this point.”
Russian inquiry
More than a year since a special counsel was appointed to investigate Russian interference in the election, the inquiry is continuing amid expectations that Mr Trump could be interviewed by the special counsel's team before September.
At a court hearing in New York on Wednesday, lawyers for Mr Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen were told they must speed up their survey of documents seized by the FBI in April to determine which are covered by attorney-client privilege. The process is being overseen by a court-appointed special master. The judge gave the team until June 15th to finish the trawl, suggesting the process was moving too slowly.
Mr Trump also hit out at the “failing and corrupt” New York Times on Twitter on Wednesday, for estimating the crowd at a rally in Nashville held by the president at 1,000 people, arguing that it was “many times that number”.
“This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't ‘get' me, and never did!” they said.
Mr Trump referenced the “fake news” media several times during their rally in Tennessee on Tuesday night, which was held to rally support for Republican candidate Marsha Blackburn.  They are running to replace senator Bob Corker, who is retiring this year. At three separate points during their hour-long speech they lambasted the media, pointing to the media section in the arena.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are keeping tabs on Real Madrid midfielder Luka Modric who wants another crack at the Premier League.
Modric, 32, left Tottenham to join Madrid in 2012 and has since won a host of honours with the Spanish side including a La Liga title and no fewer than three Champions League crowns.
Modric remains a regular starter for Madrid having made 34 appearances this season.
But the Croatia international is said to be angling for a move back to England in the summer and Liverpool could be their destination - although the Reds will face competition for their signature.
iver
Diario Gol claims that Modric has declared that they want to return to the Premier League and the Reds are interested in a summer swoop for the 32-year-old as Jurgen Klopp looks to reshape their midfield, reports the Liverpool Echo.
But with Arsenal also in the running they could be scuppered by the former Tottenham player's preference to return to London.
Despite the obvious controversies of crossing the divide to Spurs' great rivals – following the likes of Pat Jennings and Sol Campbell who both moved directly between the two – Modric is believed to favour a switch to the capital as they loved living there so much during their previous spell in England.
For all diminutive playmaker Modric's obvious qualities, it would be intriguing to see just where a physically slight player in the autumn years of their career would fit into the Anfield engine room – especially given that Liverpool have already agreed a summer move for RB Leipzig's all-action Guinea international midfielder Naby Keita.
The Reds could lose Emre Can whose current contract is set to expire this summer but with the likes of captain Jordan Henderson, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Gini Wijnaldum, James Milner and Adam Lallana they're not short of options in the centre of the park.
More: Carragher in full
Jamie Carragher has issued a second apology as the storm over them spitting at a car containing a teenager continues.
Carragher has been suspended by Sky and removed by a Danish broadcaster after the incident emerged.
They had already apologised for the incident, which took place after Liverpool lost 2-1 to Manchester United on Saturday, in The Mirror.
Now, they have issued a further apology through Sky declaring it "a moment of madness" and "not representative of the real me".
This is the full transcript:
You can't obviously condone that behaviour no matter what; In any way shape or form, where you are, who you represent. I've let Sky Sports down, my family and the family involved.
It was a moment of madness, it's difficult for me to explain. It's just that moment of madness for four or five seconds. No matter the circumstances, you can't ever behave like that.
To be honest, again, why did you react, I asked myself? That's part of being a public figure. It's the only time, I've reacted like that, will ever react like that. I've got no excuse.
(Image: PA)
I called the family and they were upset. The biggest regret, certainly, is for the 14 year old girl to be caught in the middle of this, and my altercation with the father.
It's my biggest devastation that a young 14 year old has become embroiled in this. I've got a daughter the same age - it's difficult to find the words for the way I'd react.
It is me the biggest regret of course, but all I can do right now is apologise. I can't go back. Hopefully they accept that. I'd like to apologise once more to them all.
Werner moves off
Liverpool and Manchester United have no chance of signing RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner - according to the player himself.
The 22-year-old is reported to be wanted by the Premier League giants due to their brilliant goalscoring form in the Bundesliga.
Werner has scored 17 goals in 35 appearances for Leipzig this season, on the back of netting 21 goals in 33 last terms.
They were also awarded the golden boot for the most goals at the Confederations Cup last year, as is expected to play a big role as Germany look to defend their World Cup title in Russia this summer.
That sparking form in front of goal has seen them linked with moves to Liverpool and United, with talkSPORT claiming Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is particularly keen.
They say Bayern Munich and Real Madrid have also cast their eye over the 22-year-old.
However, Werner has rubbished links with a move away from the club and insists they will is going nowhere this summer.
Speaking after Sunday's 0-0 draw with their former side Stuttgart, the striker said: “Next year, definitely, I will stay in Leipzig.”
Werner still has four years to run on their RB Leipzig contract, which runs until 2022.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Stafford Global: Bringing the University to You Since 1993
Education Free Zone, Ras Al Khaimah Free Zone Authority, United Arab Emirates
People who attend our open days or webinars are exposed to some of the most pressing questions about pursuing an online or distance learning program. Speak to an academic or an admissions expert ONLINE to learn more about how Stafford can cater to all your educational requirements.
Who is invited: All working professionals looking to enhance their qualification and upgrade their careers.
University of Leicester
MBA Webinar
9th May 2018
7:30 pm to 8:30 pm (UAE Time)
If you choose to attend one of the above open days, please bring along your CV and certificate and mark sheets to get a free CV review and assessment to check your eligibility for available undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Our partners:
University of Leicester
University of Northampton
University of Nottingham
University of Dundee
Edinburgh Napier University
To register for one of the above events, please visit ourevents page on our blog.
Alternatively, speak to a consultant directlyby requesting a call back.
Media Contact: info@staffordglobal.org / marketing@staffordglobal.org
REGISTER HERE : https://blog.staffordglobal.org/events/university-of-leicester-mba-webinar
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges.
The film producer was brought “another step closer to accountability” by the indictment, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr said as they made the announcement on Wednesday.
It comes hours after a statement issued through a spokesperson said Weinstein would not testify before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of their lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women. Weinstein was due to face the grand jury – the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney.
They say the former movie mogul did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that they only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
A statement from the Manhattan DA announcing the grand jury indictment said: “A grand jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
A statement issued on behalf of Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman said: “After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
“The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
“Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the grand jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the grand jury.”
The statement continued: “Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.”
Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein.”
Weinstein (66) was in court on Friday in New York in their first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct. They posted a $1 million cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks their movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week. They also surrendered their passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court. – PA
In this May 28, 2018, photo, President Donald Trump speaks during a Memorial Day ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Va. Trump on Tuesday seized on an error by liberal activists who tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the current administration for separating immigrant children from their parents. The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014, when President Barack Obama was in office. The photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors. Evan Vucci AP Photo
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola today resigned as Bimingham City manager after the 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion at St Andrew's.
The Italian confirmed in a press conference after the match that they would be stepping down after four months in the job.
Zola won just two of their 24 matches in charge after replacing Gary Rowett in December.
After the Brewers took maximum points this afternoon - Zola's 14th defeat since taking charge - Blues sit just three points above the relegation zone in 20th place.
They head to Villa Park for the second city derby on Sunday knowing that they could be in the bottom three at close of play.
But who is in line to take the hotseat?
Watch the video at the top of the page for a rundown of the favourites.
Increasing population of expatiates, High per capita income of the people, spending on leisure lifestyle, Catering to the needs of inbound tourists in FIFA Cup 2022 were the key factors driving the growth in Qatar Real Estate Market.
The report titled “Qatar Real Estate Market Outlook to 2021 – Economic Diversification and FIFA World Cup 2022 to Support Infrastructure Development” by Ken Research suggested a growth at a CAGR of 20.1% in revenue in Qatar Real Estate Market in next 5 years till 2021.
Qatar is an oil-based economy and the recent fall in oil prices has led Qatar to diversify its economy in various sectors, namely- Finance, Tourism and others. The real estate market is likely to have strong linkages with the economic growth and as the Qatar's economy is poised to grow further, the real estate sector is anticipated to witness a bright outlook in upcoming years. The primary growth drivers are increasing population of expatriates, focus on inbound tourism, FIFA World Cup 2022 and economic diversification. The boom in construction and infrastructure in all real estate segments owe to these factors. Doha is the capital city and the leading real estate market of Qatar. It is the residential, commercial, retail and hospitality hub of the country, and attracts large number of people. Moreover, the city of Doha is home to large number of foreign corporations. Immense business and employment opportunities in the city have attracted large number of migrants from other countries.
The primary growth drivers of Doha real estate market are low property finance interest rates, increasing number of expatriate, focus on FIFA World cup 2022 and National Tourism Strategy 2030. Increasing number of railway connections, airports, shopping malls, hotels, apartments and villas have been witnessed owing to increasing infrastructure development in Qatar. The Government of Qatar is focusing a lot on construction to meet the demand of tourists visiting Qatar in 2022 and meet the need of residence owing to increasing population.
The country has a strict regulation that Foreigners are allowed to buy property only in 3 major areas namely – The Pearl, West Bay Lagoon and Barwa-Al Khor City and the property price are very high in these areas due to the restriction. Immigrant population of Qatar accounts to over 75% of the total population in the country but there are restrictions on buying property by non-Qataris. All these regions have very high property rates making it difficult for foreigners to afford residential accommodation and lately, due to many immigrants leaving Qatar owing to economic crisis, sales of these properties has further declined.
Key Topics Covered in the Report:
Qatar Villa Market
Qatar Investment in Real Estate
Qatar Real Estate Broker Market
Qatar Property Market
Qatar Residential Real Estate Market
Qatari Real Estate Prices
Qatar Doha Property Market Ready
Hotel Room Supply Doha
Qatar Real Estate Sector Report 2017
Residential Real Estate Supply
Qatar Real Estate Market
Doha Property Market Trends
For more information click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/qatar-real-estate-market/112182-97.html
Related Reports by Ken Research
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/middle-east-real-estate-market-research-report/637-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/philippines-real-estate-market-research-report/29319-97.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/manufacturing-and-construction/real-estate/indonesia-real-estate-market-research-report/583-97.html
Contact:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
query@kenresearch.com
+91-124-4230204
You think Stuart Broad is sore at the prospect of losing their new ball status at Eden Park on Thursday? Think again.
Anderson and Broad may sound a firm of solicitors but they are among the best fast-bowling combinations in world cricket.
Anderson is England's highest test wicket taker with 523 at 27.4; Broad is on 399 at 29.33 apiece and No 2 on their country's alltime test wicket-taking list. Their numbers roar class.
Broad will surely press on past 400, but it might not be as an opening bowler.
Advertisement
The whisper is they might be first change with the impressive Chris Woakes, player of the five-game ODI series, to partner Anderson first up.
There could be a pride issue here, but Broad insists they aren't fussed about it.
''Not at all. It doesn't really change what the job is, to hit the top of off stump more often than not,'' they said.
There is a certain symmetry to the pair being in New Zealand for Broad's milestone moment.
They made their first visit to New Zealand together in 2008. England dispensed with veteran pair Steve Harmison and Matthew Hoggard after the first test defeat in Hamilton in which they took one wicket apiece, while left armer Ryan Sidebottom took 10.
In came the younger men, Anderson albeit for their 21st test but Broad on debut. Each of them took eight wickets in the next two tests to help England win the series 2-1 and haven't looked back.
The Ashes earlier in the season provided lean pickings — 11 wickets at 47.7 apiece — but they believe a break back in England, and a chance to rework their action, has helped.
''I'd got to a stage where I was bowling so much round the wicket to lefthanders that the front arm and shoulder had got into a position where I was lacking bounce and my fingers weren't behind the seam,'' they said.
''It was a really good period to work out my bowling action on my own.''
Now he's happier, feels their rhythm is back and reckons they bowled well in the two warmup games in Hamilton last week.
''Now it's in a place where I feel I can do a bit of damage again. I felt I bowled with good pace and bounce and my rhythm to the crease felt fresh. That gives me a lot of excitement for the week.''
Watch out for their clash with New Zealand's senior batsman Ross Taylor, who is expected to be ready for the test after their quad injury during the ODI series.
No bowler has dismissed Taylor more times in tests than Broad's nine in 12 matches, four of them leg before wicket. Food for thought, for both players.
The Philippines's incoming ambassador to China says their country plans to move away from its long-time ally, the United States, towards Beijing.
Jose Chito Sta. Romana said on Monday that the decision was a "strategic shift" in the Philippines' foreign policy and a step towards normalizing relations with China.
"We were one-sidedly imbalanced in favor of the US,” they said. “We are not abandoning our alliance with the US ... We are basically trying to normalize our relations with China."
The incoming ambassador also said Manila was open to working with Beijing to access resources in the disputed waters of the South China Sea.
"The Chinese viewed the Philippines as a geopolitical pawn or Trojan horse of the US. Now they look at us as a friendly neighbor," Romana noted.
China claims sovereignty over almost all of the South China Sea, which is also partially contested by Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan, Vietnam, and the Philippines. A UN-backed tribunal ruled in July that China's claims had no legal basis.
Relations between Washington and Manila have been strained since Filipino President Rodrigo Duterte took the helm in June 2016.
The US, the Philippines' colonial ruler until 1946, currently serves as the South Asian country's main military ally but has also been highly critical of Duterte's severe crackdown on crime, specially drug trade, which has killed some 3,000 people over the past months.
The Filipino president has dismissed the criticism as an attempt to interfere in their country's internal affairs and has threatened to cut ties with the US.
In September 2016, Duterte rejected a meeting scheduled with former UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, and even threatened to leave the UN after the world body criticized their “war on drugs.”
Civil rights campaigners have criticized Philippine police operations amid concerns that some of the dead suspects may have been summarily executed by law enforcement officers.
Duterte has also used offensive language to describe world politicians who make comments they do not like on numerous occasions.
Work safety advocates say proper training and preparedness may have stopped a health and safety scare at a Delta B.C. farm over the weekend from turning into a tragedy.
On Saturday, more than 40 migrant workers were painting and cleaning the greenhouses at Windset Farms when they were exposed to carbon monoxide.
Poor ventilation likely caused the harmful buildup of fumes. Six of the employees tested positive for carbon monoxide poisoning.
"Our senior management…called 911 to make sure we could triage them in various hospitals and make sure they'd be safe and sound," said Windset CEO John Newell when describing the farm's response.
Three fire crews, a hazmat team and paramedics were dispatched to the scene.
At the time, BC Emergency Health Services said that 10 people were in serious or critical condition and 32 others were in stable condition.
Most of the employees have since been given a clean bill of health.
"We're just thankful that everyone safe," Newell said.
Windset is a member of AgSafe, an organization that provides training in a bid to create safer work environments for employees in B.C.'s agricultural sector and related industries.
Now, the Canadian Farmworkers' Union says the incident should serve as a reminder to other companies that proper safety training can be a matter of life and death.
"They knew what they were doing…They were trained how to do it," said union president Charan Gill.
"Other people should become members of AgSafe and make sure they do the right thing when these kinds of accidents happen."
Gill said health and safety concerns are far too common and often go unreported, especially among foreign workers who are concerned about job safety.
"It's quite a big concern," they said. "Workers don't report because they're afraid of losing their jobs."
Gill said the union has submitted recommendations to the province on how to improve safety standards and record keeping when it comes to health and safety incidents. They hope B.C.'s recently elected NDP government will adopt the measures.
Carbon monoxide causes health problems and eventual death because it limits the body's ability to carry oxygen in the blood. The gas is especially dangerous because it has no colour, odour or taste.
WorkSafeBC is still investigating Saturday's incident in Delta.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Scott Hurst and The Canadian Press
Potentially wet and windy conditions forecast for across the North Island this long weekend has prompted a plea to motorists from police and transport bosses.
MetService meteorologist John Law said the clear skies and light winds that had made for perfect frost conditions this week were about to be replaced with "more active weather".
Rain was forecast for the North Island over the weekend, with the potential for some heavier falls and strong winds from Northland to the Bay of Plenty and around to northern Gisborne.
Meanwhile, dry weather was set to persist in the far south and west of the South Island.
Advertisement
"Looking ahead into the weekend, rain creeps into the Far North on Saturday and moves across the North Island during Sunday," Law said.
"By Monday, it's generally a cloudier looking day with spells of rain over the North Island and the east of the South Island, with the chance of some heavier rain returning to the Kaikoura Coast."
Temperatures across the North Island would also be milder.
"Although the weekend is looking cloudier and wetter it will do wonders for our overnight minimums on the North Island," Law said.
"For example, Hamilton sees its minimums change from around minus 2C to 10C this weekend."
For the extra day of the long weekend, the pick of the places to be will be on the South Island, especially in the far south or on the West Coast.
"Westland and Southland should keep hold of some fine weather this weekend, although temperatures in the south are still likely to be just below freezing through the nights."
Road policing national manager Superintendent Steve Greally said the winter weather made it even more important to drive to the conditions.
"At this time of year the weather is unpredictable and it's generally worse than it is better," they said.
"I can't urge people enough to check their speeds and to watch their following distances. You need space and time to react, especially in bad weather."
The NZ Transport Agency's safety and environment director, Harry Wilson, said this would be the last long weekend before winter sets in, prompting many people to head away for the break.
"We don't want anyone's holiday weekend to be marred by an avoidable tragedy, so please do the simple things that can keep us all safe – keep your speed down, buckle everyone up and stay focused on the road."
The global hereditary angioderma market is expected to witness the emergence of new market players over the coming years. The competitive landscape of the global market is currently oligopolistic in nature due to the presence of a few established players. However, as several entities engage in core research and development of therapies for angioderma, the market is expected to change its course over the coming years. It is anticipated that the existing players will go all out with their marketing strategies in order to retain their dominance and avert the entry of new players.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=17135
Since the market for hereditary angioderma is closely related to the medical and pharmaceutical industries, the market players are expected to collaborate with distributors, pharmacies, and other healthcare bodies. Mergers and acquisitions are foreseen as a key strategy of the existing market players while new entrants are projected to form strategic alliances amongst themselves to sustain in the market. As the market players introduce a motley of business strategies, the competition in the market is bound to increase over the forthcoming years. Some of the key players in the global market for hereditary angioderma are Shire plc, Pharming Group NV, CSL Limited, iBio Inc., Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The efforts of these market players to attain global reckon are reflected in their share of the total market share.
The global market for hereditary angioderma is expected to expand at a robust CAGR of 9.10% during the period between 2017 and 2025, estimates Transparency Market Research (TMR). Furthermore, the global market was valued at US$ 1.73 bn in 2016 and is expected to accumulate revenues worth US$3.81 bn by 2025.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=17135
Although angioderma is a rare medical condition, affecting 1 in 50000 people across the world, the repercussions of the disease are abysmal. Due to this reason, the medical industry has been making concerted efforts to ensure that angioderma is diagnosed and treated at the earliest. Angioderma is often disguised as abdominal pain or common allergies, which later leads to dire consequences. Owing to this reason, people have become increasingly aware of the disease and resort to immediate treatment in case of any doubts.
This has also fortified the growth scale of the global market for hereditary angioderma. Some of the triggers that increase the severity of angioderma are anxiety, minor surgeries, stress, and ACE inhibitors. The healthcare sector has been making ardent efforts to effectuate better treatments for hereditary angioderma. On the other hand, the specialized hereditary angioderma drugs are either too expensive or unavailable across distribution channels. This is expected to hamper the growth of the global market for hereditary angioderma.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/17135
The support extended by the government in the form of favorable medical reimbursement policies has put North America at the top of the table of market share. Furthermore, the expertise of the medical practitioners in the region helps in early diagnosis of angioderma, and this further enhances the growth prospects of the regional market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's World Cup win over Colombia was watched by an average 16.5 million people, with the audience peaking at 24.4 million, ITV has said.
The figures are the highest for any World Cup match so far this year.
England's previous games attracted an average audience of 13.7 million (against Tunisia), 9.9 million (Panama) and 13.0 million (Belgium).
ITV's coverage of the Colombia match is now the most-watched TV programme of 2018.
The audience peak of 24.2 million came at 9.52pm, when Eric Dier scored England's winning penalty.
At this point roughly four in five people watching TV in the UK (81%) were tuned to ITV.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When the full ratings are published - which will include those who recorded and watched up to seven days later - the overall average is likely to rank as one of the top 10 TV audiences for an England World Cup game.
The biggest-ever audience is 25.2 million, for England's semi-final against West Germany in 1990.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The BBC has the rights to England's next 2018 World Cup game, which is against Sweden in the quarter-finals at 3pm on Saturday July 7.
If England wins, the team's semi-final match will be shown by ITV.
For the first time in program history, Yukon soccer will host an Alumni Night Feb. 20 at Miller Stadium.
There will be a girls game followed by a boys match. The girls will begin at 6 and the boys at 7:30 p.m.
Each game will be 80 minutes long. All alumni attending the event will need to bring shorts and socks. Jerseys will be provided for the games.
The alumni teams will play against the current Yukon teams in a scrimmage format.
“We are getting close to our first ever Alumni Night,” Yukon girls coach Steve Scott said. “We would love to see as many alumni as possible. All fitness levels are welcome to come and play, and if you cannot play, please still come and support the event.”
Red tops White in preseason match
The Yukon girls soccer team played the Red/White Game Jan. 26 at Miller Stadium. The Red team came out on top 4-3.
For the Red team, first-year student Savana Ritter scored two goals. Senior Alicia Ceballos and sophomore Jade Langoc each scored one goal. For the White team, it was junior Myka Heimbach scoring all three goals.
Seniors Kalie Winstead and Grace Powell and first-year student Abby Gump were the goalkeepers in the game.
“All three goalkeepers performed well and they were up to the task,” Scott said. “They are a very promising group of goalkeepers.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Ishqbaaz
The rumours of Ishqbaaz going off air have been doing the rounds for quite some time. Recently, even the producer of the show had refuted these rumours. Now again, it is being said that the channel is planning to pull the show off air, owing to low ratings.
Naamkaran
Naamkaran is another popular show that people love to watch. Neil and Avni's romantic moments are viewers' favourite. Recently, Sayantani Ghosh, who played the role of Neela, had to bid goodbye to the show. Viewers are upset with the track. Adding on to this, now there are rumours that the show might go off air soon owing to the plunging TRPs.
3 Other Shows That Might Go Off Air
Meri Durga, and two new shows - Dil Sambhal Jaa Zara and Ikyawann that were launched recently, might face the axe. DSJZ has Sanjay Kapoor and Smriti Kalra in the lead roles, while Ikyawann has Prachi Tehlan and Namish Taneja in the main lead.
New Shows To Replace The Old Shows
According to reports in the media, the above mentioned shows might not see the light of the day post June 2018. It is being said that Yeh Hai Mohabbatein's spin off and a remake of the Korean show, The King's Daughter are the two new shows that might replace the old daily soaps.
The global hereditary angioderma market is expected to witness the emergence of new market players over the coming years. The competitive landscape of the global market is currently oligopolistic in nature due to the presence of a few established players. However, as several entities engage in core research and development of therapies for angioderma, the market is expected to change its course over the coming years. It is anticipated that the existing players will go all out with their marketing strategies in order to retain their dominance and avert the entry of new players.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=17135
Since the market for hereditary angioderma is closely related to the medical and pharmaceutical industries, the market players are expected to collaborate with distributors, pharmacies, and other healthcare bodies. Mergers and acquisitions are foreseen as a key strategy of the existing market players while new entrants are projected to form strategic alliances amongst themselves to sustain in the market. As the market players introduce a motley of business strategies, the competition in the market is bound to increase over the forthcoming years. Some of the key players in the global market for hereditary angioderma are Shire plc, Pharming Group NV, CSL Limited, iBio Inc., Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The efforts of these market players to attain global reckon are reflected in their share of the total market share.
The global market for hereditary angioderma is expected to expand at a robust CAGR of 9.10% during the period between 2017 and 2025, estimates Transparency Market Research (TMR). Furthermore, the global market was valued at US$ 1.73 bn in 2016 and is expected to accumulate revenues worth US$3.81 bn by 2025.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=17135
Although angioderma is a rare medical condition, affecting 1 in 50000 people across the world, the repercussions of the disease are abysmal. Due to this reason, the medical industry has been making concerted efforts to ensure that angioderma is diagnosed and treated at the earliest. Angioderma is often disguised as abdominal pain or common allergies, which later leads to dire consequences. Owing to this reason, people have become increasingly aware of the disease and resort to immediate treatment in case of any doubts.
This has also fortified the growth scale of the global market for hereditary angioderma. Some of the triggers that increase the severity of angioderma are anxiety, minor surgeries, stress, and ACE inhibitors. The healthcare sector has been making ardent efforts to effectuate better treatments for hereditary angioderma. On the other hand, the specialized hereditary angioderma drugs are either too expensive or unavailable across distribution channels. This is expected to hamper the growth of the global market for hereditary angioderma.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/17135
The support extended by the government in the form of favorable medical reimbursement policies has put North America at the top of the table of market share. Furthermore, the expertise of the medical practitioners in the region helps in early diagnosis of angioderma, and this further enhances the growth prospects of the regional market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Turf Protection Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143379/request-sample
Turf Protection market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Turf Protection Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Turf Protection industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Turf Protection Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Turf Protection market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-turf-protection-market-professional-survey-report-2017-143379.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Turf Protection market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Turf Protection market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Turf Protection industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Turf Protection market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House in a formal arrival ceremony.
The president and first lady are greeting Macron and their wife, Brigitte Macron, on rolled-out red carpet on the South Lawn.
The arrival is heavy on pomp, with nearly 500 U.S. service-members from all five military branches participating in the ceremonial welcome, which includes a “Review of the Troops.”
Vice President Mike Pence and several members of Trump's Cabinet, lawmakers, and military families are in attendance. The audience includes students from the Maya Angelou French Immersion School in Temple Hills, Maryland.
The two leaders are spending the morning in meetings and then will hold a joint news conference. On Tuesday night, Macron will be feted at Trump's first state dinner.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The idea of hiring an escort in London is not just to derive physical pleasure. A top-end escort can service you in various ways – from being your companion to your dinner date to even your guide around the city of London. There are Asian escorts London who can be simply described in one word – classy. If you love Asian features, a top-end Asian escort London is bound to take your breath away.
London is one of the most multi-cultural cities in the world. Add to this the fact that it is a global financial, economic and political hub and you have a city that attracts you in more ways than one. Whether you are a resident of the city or have come here for some business, there are multiple avenues for you to enjoy the pleasures of the city. Once you are done with the work of the day, there are various ways for you to unwind – watch a movie or a drama, visit the popular tourist attractions of the city, dine in one of the top restaurants in London or just spend time relaxing.
One of the best Asian escorts London can be your companion for as many days as you want. They can be your ideal companion as you unwind and relax. From simple conversations to steamy action on the bed, your escort will provide you pleasures you wouldn't have experienced before.
There is, of course, a premium price to pay when you opt for a top Asian escort London. But this is something you would be aware of – an escort is not just for physical pleasure – they can offer you much, much more.
There are people who are scared of hiring escorts because they feel that the industry is shady. But such fears are unfounded when youhire from one of the top agencies in the city. These agencies only offer the best-in-class Asian escorts in London. They charge you a premium price but what they offer is simply beyond your imagination.
The ladies in their employment are beautiful and they possess superb communication skills. You will, in fact, feel on top of the world when you have one of them as your companion. Asian escorts are highly attractive – they have exotic features and flawless skin and they maintain themselves impeccably. They come from places in China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan and so on and each one is more beautiful than the other. One will understand if you find it hard to choose an escort.
If you have come to London, make your stay special in the companionship of a top Asian escort. You will take back memories of the city in ways you cannot believe. All types of arrangements can be made for you because you are special.And the good news is that you don't need to hunt for an escort in London. You make some discrete calls and one or more of these classy ladies can be booked for your service.
Asian escorts London is among the most in demand escorts in the city. Your wildest fantasies can come true when you choose to spend time with a top Asian escort London.
Many businesses these days know that Virtual Data Room, which is shortly referred to as VDR is a web-based repository of information that is used for storage and distribution of documents. There are dozens of VDR service providers, but not all of them are created equally. This is why to help businesses choose the right service provider, Merger Technology offers dependable Virtual Data Room Reviews.
In addition to having listed the major VDR providers, Merger Technology has assessed each one of them with respect to versatility, security, features, and usability. Further, the company also guides their customers in the selection of the right VDR.
Further, at the website of Merger Technology, the company has provided completed details about VDR, their use along with a comparison of the top VDR providers of the year 2017. So, businesses looking for the right service provider can just visit this website to compare and get a dependable review of the top VDR services, such that they can choose the one that they feel to offer the right kind of service suitable for their business.
Even, Merger Technology has ranked the top three service providers to help the visitors make the best choice. The website of this company also guides the visitors on things to consider in selecting the right VDR service and also the best resources available to share documents online.
In addition, there are many other useful articles for businesses that are new to cloud storage and how their data remains safe and secured. Most businesses these days are highly aware of the importance of data safety as data theft can affect their business operations to a great extent.
About Merger Technology:
The mission of Merger Technology is to offer independent insights, reviews, and news on the core technologies that professionals use. The main aim of the company is to help legal counsels, brokers, advisors and investment bankers to make the appropriate decisions on the cloud computing services and software programs to invest to get the best support for their business.
For more information, please visit http://mergertechnology.com/virtual-data-room/reviews
Media Contact:
Carl L. Shattuck
Company: Merger Technology
Address: Garden City, NY
Phone no: 718-290-1729
Email: CarlLShattuck@armyspy.com
Landowners have launched a legal challenge to a new £200 million (€228 million) cross-Border electricity line being given the green light. They want the High Court in Belfast to quash the decision to approve the North-South interconnector.
In January the Northern Ireland department for infrastructure announced it was granting planning permission for the northern section of the overhead scheme planned to run between Tyrone and Meath. But up to 6,000 people who own land or live along the proposed route of the pylons and lines are now seeking to have the move judicially reviewed.
Lawyers representing the group Safe Electricity A&T (SEAT) claim the approval should be declared unlawful on conservation grounds. With no administration currently in place at Stormont, they also contend that the Department wrongly gave permission for a development of regional significance in the absence of a Minister.
Further areas of challenge relate to the uncertainty around arrangements for reviewing and maintaining the interconnector following Brexit.
Solicitor Paul Farrell of McIvor Farrell, who is representing SEAT, said: “This is a significant and far-reaching challenge to one of the most extensive planning approvals ever granted in Northern Ireland. ”
The project to join electricity grids in the two jurisdictions has also been approved in the Republic. It will involve 85 miles of overhead cables and lead to new pylons being built.
Business chiefs have backed the joint scheme between the system operator for Northern Ireland and EirGrid in Ireland to reduce costs and ensure electricity supplies. But residents in Border areas who objected to the interconnector instead wanted underground cables for health an environment reasons – an option dismissed as unfeasible.
Papers lodged in court on behalf of SEAT claim their land will be adversely affected by the proposed development of high-voltage transmission lines. The overhead cables are in direct opposition to the wishes of landowners and inhabitants, they contend.
The case is expected to be listed for a preliminary hearing before the summer.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- An Independence Day celebration turned destructive, now a metro family is trying to pick up the pieces. Firefighters in KCK say fireworks are to blame for damaging a home near North 83rd and Ella.
FOX4 spoke with a neighbor who said they saw an area of the home engulfed in flames headed back to the neighborhood form the store. From a distance, they were concerned it was their house.
An emergency restoration company for fire, water, and storm damage was boarding up the home Wednesday morning. A spokesperson for 1-800 BOARD UP says workers found fireworks debris all over the floor and area where the fire happened.
The fire displaced a couple and their children, FOX4 is told they do have insurance, and are staying with family members. The neighbors say they saw and heard the family playing with fireworks days leading up to this fire.
"I don`t buy fireworks, but I know this is going to happen. A couple years ago, one of my cousins was playing with fireworks, and one of my cousins got hurt, they burned one of their arms, so I worry about my kids getting burned, so I don`t buy fireworks. But this time it happened to a house," one neighbor said.
The restoration company said the house is not a total loss.
Michael Bauer was back in custody Wednesday for violating the terms of their parole.
A sex offender was back in custody Wednesday for violating the terms of their parole, just a day after they moved to Santee.
Michael Bauer, 44, is being held at the San Diego Central Jail without bail, according to the San Diego County Sheriff's Department (SDSO).
Bauer was convicted of sexually assaulting a 7-year-old boy inside a McDonald's restroom in 2009. They served time in prison and was released on parole.
SDSO officials said they moved to the 10000 block of Prospect Avenue in Santee Tuesday.
The Sheriff's department released a community notification regarding Bauer to inform residents living in the area near their residence.
According to the notification, parole believed Bauer had a high likelihood of reoffending based on their prior comments.
As per their parole terms, Bauer was not to have contact with anyone under the age of 18 or be near places children congregate. Those locations include playgrounds, McDonald's that have playgrounds, Chuck E. Cheese, parks, movie theaters, swap meets, Party City, and Game Stop, among others.
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
On Wednesday, Bauer was arrested for violating parole terms, though SDSO did not specify the details.
Bauer is prohibited by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation (CDCR) from returning to the Santee address.
A date has been set for the official opening of a new gym in Derby city centre - and there is still time to get membership at a bargain price.
Gym City has sent a message to all people who have signed up as members for its forthcoming gym at Derby Riverlights that it will open on Friday, December 15.
And the company is still running an offer where people can sign up as non-contract members for just £14.99 a month. The price will then increase to £24.99 once the promotion ends. It is not known when this will be.
According to the message sent to members, the opening will consist of a street festival and an “awesome” celebratory world-class line up from the sports, combat and music industry.
It had been hoped that the gym would open in October - but management have delayed this to ensure the club opens “to an even higher standard than first planned”.
It said: “Our contractors are working around the clock to get your club finished and we are pleased to announce that there will now be even more equipment, greater functional space and more classes to enjoy.
“Please be assured that the change to the official opening date will not affect you financially. All direct debit collection dates have been amended meaning you will not be charged anything further until the club officially opens in December.”
The 12,000 sq ft gym will specialise in fitness, dance and combat. Bosses say it will have a “cave-man zone”, offering alternative cross-training, a women-only section, a combat zone and dance studio.
It will be on the first floor of the complex, overlooking the property's Boulevard and River Derwent.
Gym City plans to open a series of gyms across the East Midlands, starting with a flagship outlet at Riverlights, which will create 30 jobs.
Riverlights opened in 2010 but a lack of footfalls meant it endured a difficult beginning. As a result, the property fell into administration but was then bought by Moorfield Group, a real estate private equity fund manager, in a deal worth £16.5 million in May 2015.
When Moorfield came in, the London-based group vowed to turn Riverlights into a key leisure destination.
Since the takeover, hotel operator Premier Inn has taken over space previously occupied by Hampton by Hilton, while a 120-seat Thyme restaurant, serving a mix of traditional and contemporary dishes, opened on the ground floor of the hotel in June last year.
The search for tenants to occupy the other units has continued since then.
Global sales of moulded fibre pulp packaging was valued at more than US$ 6,000 Mn in 2015 and is projected to reach nearly US$ 11,500 Mn by 2026. Sales revenue is projected to register a CAGR of 5.8% in terms of value during the forecast period (2016–2026). In terms of value, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 5,500 Mn and expand at 1.7X between 2016 and 2026. In terms of volume, the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market is anticipated to exhibit a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2966
Global Moulded Fibre Pulp Packaging Market Analysis, by End Use
F&B packaging segment expected to register a significantly high CAGR during the forecast period
The F&B packaging segment is anticipated to continue to dominate the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market during the forecast period, driven by an increase in the consumption of eggs and fruits. However, the segment is expected to lose 159 basis points during the forecast period. In terms of value, the CDEG packaging segment was estimated to constitute 9.8% share and be valued at more than US$ 600 Mn by 2016 end. The segment is projected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period, owing to increasing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in electronics items such as TVs and mobile phones.
Due to reduced shipping and freight costs, moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high traction over the forecast period
The consumer durables and electronics goods packaging segment was valued at nearly US$ 600 Mn in 2015 and is projected to exhibit a CAGR of 6.6% to reach nearly US$ 1,200 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is likely to register a CAGR of 5.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is expected to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 600 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
In terms of value, mobile phones sub-segment is anticipated to expand 1.8X between 2016 and 2026
In terms of value, the tube light & bulbs sub-segment dominates the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. The sub-segment was anticipated to account for 42.2% value share by 2016 end and is estimated to reach more than US$ 500 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of revenue, the mobile phones sub-segment is projected to account for 27.9% share of the global CDEG packaging segment and is expected to register a moderately high CAGR of 6.7% by 2026 end.
Growing concerns over sustainable retail packaging projected to drive sales revenue of moulded fibre pulp packaging
The food & beverage packaging segment was valued at more than US$ 4,000 Mn in 2015 and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 5.6% to reach nearly US$ 8,000 Mn by 2026 end. In terms of volume, the segment is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.7% during the forecast period. In terms of value, the segment is estimated to create incremental opportunity of nearly US$ 4,000 Mn between 2016 and 2026.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2966
Moulded fibre pulp packaging is expected to gain high attraction in the F&B industry, due to feasibility in shaping the products with a variety of configurations
In terms of revenue, the egg packaging sub-segment dominates the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This segment accounted for more than 50% share of the market in 2016. The sub-segment is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 4,000 Mn by 2026. In terms of revenue, the fruit segment is projected to account for more than 31% share of the global F&B packaging segment and is expected to be valued at nearly US$ 1,000 Mn by 2026.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/moulded-fibre-pulp-packaging-market
Analyst Viewpoint
Growing adoption of moulded fibre pulp packaging in emerging markets
Asia Pacific offers significant opportunities in the moulded fibre pulp packaging market. This is attributed to rapid urbanisation, growing population, and increasing consumer influence. The region accounts for over 60% of the global egg production – China is the largest egg producer in the world. Moreover, other countries such as Vietnam and Malaysia present high growth opportunities in the global moulded fibre pulp packaging market due to advancements in technology, manufacturing, and packaging tools in these countries.
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
Groups of officers patrol the city's streets and waterfront during daylong festivities, trying to keep things safe
A toddler on the shoulders of a parent says “police bus” as they pass the mobile command center for the Santa Barbara Police Department near the intersection of State and Cabrillo streets on the Fourth of July.
Inside what looks more like a camper, police officers chuckle at the title before resuming the type of people watching they're paid to do.
“Two more hours now,” one says as the clock strikes 7 p.m. and nears the fireworks send-off.
Six uniformed officers are in charge of patrolling West Beach and the Harbor on foot — an area that floods with more than 50,000 spectators throughout the holiday's festivities.
Lower State Street and much of Cabrillo Boulevard close to traffic because of the influx.
Sgt. Riley Harwood says that 91 extra officers — some in civilian dress — are patrolling the celebration, which is fewer than last year's more than 100 because several detectives are busy working on investigations.
This year's workforce also lacks the typical ATV officer support, and will rely more on the Harbor Patrol's help.
“It's hard to police on foot in the sand,” Harwood says. “Officers can get lost out there.”
The group is working a 1 to 11 p.m. shift, and worries the coming darkness will spark mischief and ruin what's otherwise been an uneventful day.
“It's kind of like a pot of boiling water,” Officer Kent Wojciechoski says, noting peace as a nice simmer and violence as occasional bubbles. “We try to keep it calm, and get everyone home safe.”
The officers set out for another walk to the harbor about 7:30 p.m., remarking how much larger this year's crowd looks than in past years.
They speak briefly with Detective Rashun Drayton, who plays motor cop for the day and drives up and down Cabrillo Boulevard creating a police presence.
“A lot of it is flag-downs,” says Drayton, who is working a 14-hour shift. “On a motorcycle, you're a lot more mobile.”
As if on cue, officers receive their first fight call as darkness descends just before 8 p.m.
They confiscate and pour out an open can of beer — “What a waste” — before fielding several questions about parking, shuttles and fireworks from passers-by.
Strangers say “thank you” as they walk by, and some offer bad police jokes, the most popular of which, Harwood says, is sticking their arms up and yelling “I didn't do it!”
Worse is when parents tell their children they must behave or the police will take them away — the opposite message they say law enforcement wants them to have.
Wojciechoski says he's received at least 30 high fives. At 6-foot-9, they stand well above the rest of the crowd.
Officer Adrian Gutierrez jokes that the department should start charging for each picture someone stops to take with their tall colleague.
A call comes over the radio and sends officers to a dispute over parking at Sambo's Restaurant.
A missing child call comes in moments later, along with a dispute over balcony space for watching the fireworks that has led to physical threats at Hotel Oceana.
East Beach officers are called to a disturbance at Rusty's Pizza, while West Beach patrols confiscate illegal fireworks and give an official warning to the man who threw similar sparks into a crowd.
When all other heads turn to the sky just after 9 p.m. for fireworks, officers train their eyes to find who might not be watching the show.
Those are typically the ones who cause trouble, Harwood says, noting that someone was stabbed during the show three years ago.
Officers look to their watches as the show's finale ends to applause and a general exodus.
“Now it gets ugly,” one of them says.
“Wanna mingle?” Wojciechoski says to Gutierrez after they see illegal fireworks go up near the beach.
Officers turn on lights that have been strategically placed where incidents have occurred during the shuffle before.
Five transients are fighting near East Beach, a radio call reports.
People ask the officers more questions — “We have a sign on our back that says ‘Information.'” — but, amazingly, the crowd clears the streets enough to reopen the roadways by 10 p.m.
Harwood and the other five officers move to the 600 block of State Street to monitor the Thursday bar scene.
The streets are quiet enough that the officers actually, and gratefully, clock out on time to join their own families for what remains of the holiday.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Participants and speakers at the two-day training at Coral Coast in Sigatoka. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 2:22PM MORE than 100 law officers attended a two-day training over the week at the Coral Coast to enhance their knowledge and skills to enable the delivery of access to justice as required under the Constitution of Fiji.
The officers which were from the Legal Aid Commission, Fiji Human Rights and Anti-Discrimination Commission, and other justice sector institutions learned and demonstrated their skills to provide effective early access to justice in criminal justice processes.
The training was part of the EU-Funded Fiji Access to Justice Project implemented by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Professor David McQuoid-Mason, President of the Commonwealth Legal Education Association, University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, one of the trainers for the course, "Early Access to Justice in Criminal Justice Processes", emphasized that the early stages of the criminal justice process - the first hours of custody or detention - are crucial for those who have been arrested or detained in respect of a criminal offence.
"The way in which suspects and accused persons are treated, has a significant impact on the efficiency and effectiveness of the criminal justice system."
Motorists should expect delays while a crane is installed and removed, and while it recovers equipment
The No. 2 (slow) lane of northbound Highway 101 will undergo intermittent closures Monday afternoon between 3 to 6 p.m. from the Highway 101/154 junction to Alisos Canyon Road.
Caltrans will erect a crane in the center median of the highway in order to recover equipment on the embankment adjacent to the northbound lanes.
Motorists should expect a short delay while the crane is being installed and removed from the area, and should expect longer delays during the actual recovery of the equipment.
The work is part of an ongoing project to repave Highway 101 from six miles south of Los Alamos to Santa Maria Way. The project is expected to be completed next spring.
Caltrans reminds motorists to move over and slow down when driving through Caltrans construction zones.
Click here for traffic updates on other state highway projects in Santa Barbara County.
— Jim Shivers is a public information officer for Caltrans District 5.
Last year turned out to be a disappointing one for new drug approvals with the US Food and Drug Administration clearing just 22 new medicines for sale, the lowest number since 2010 and sharply down on 2015's tally of 45.
Across the Atlantic, the European Medicines Agency recommended 81 new prescription products against a 2015 total of 93. Unlike the FDA, the EMA includes generic drugs in its list, Reuters reported.
The slowdown suggests the pharmaceuticals industry may be returning to more normal productivity levels after a spike in approvals in 2014 and 2015, when the haul of new drugs reaching the market hit a 19-year high.
Several factors led to the fall in the approval rate in 2016, John Jenkins, the FDA's director of the office of new drugs, told a conference last month.
Notably, five new drugs that had been scheduled for approval in 2016 ended up winning an early green light at the end of 2015. There was also a decline in drugs being filed for approval and the FDA rejected or delayed more applications in 2016 than in the previous two years.
Some of the delayed drugs may yet go on to win approval in 2017, including Roche's multiple sclerosis treatment Ocrevus and Sanofi and Regeneron's sarilumab for rheumatoid arthritis.
Most industry executives remain upbeat about the hunt for new medicines, given recent advances in fighting cancer and an improved understanding of the genetic basis of other diseases, which has resulted in full development pipelines at many firms.
But it remains challenging to get new drugs through the approval process and to secure a decent financial return once they are launched, given resistance from healthcare insurers and governments to the rising cost of medical treatment.
According to consultancy Deloitte, returns on research and development investment at the top 12 pharmaceutical companies fell to just 3.7 percent in 2016 from a high of 10.1 percent in 2010.
Increasing political pressure over the high prices of many modern medicines is a growing challenge at a time when biotech and pharma companies are developing more drugs targeted at niche patient populations.
The issue is exemplified by the last drug to win FDA approval in 2016. Spinraza, from Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, is the first medicine to treat patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a rare and often fatal genetic disease. It comes at a huge cost of $125,000 per dose.
That price, implying a total cost of $625,000 to $750,000 for patients in the first year and $375,000 in subsequent years, is likely to invite a storm of criticism, up to and including Presidential tweets, according to Leerink analysts.
CASE Construction Equipment is celebrating the 60th anniversary of its wheel loaders at the Intermat 2018 show with a dedicated display on its stand.
The machine manufacturer introduced the W9, its 4-wheel drive wheel loader in 1958 – today the company offers a full range of compact and full-sized wheel loaders for all applications, from quarries to constructions, from road building to recycling centres.
The W10 and W12 four-wheel drive models and the front-drive W5 loader soon followed.
The W series grew through the 1960s and 1970s, including the mammoth 15-ton W26, introduced in 1968. It was CASE's first articulated loader and the largest wheel loader offered at the time. The W series loaders all featured cabs mounted on the front half of the machine.
The latest wheel loader offering from CASE – The G Series – span 141 to 347 horsepower, with bucket payload ranging from 3.9 to 10.2 tonnes and bucket volume from 1.9 to 5.5 m3. In the short time since their introduction, the G-Series have won several awards, including the prestigious Good Design Award in the Industrial Category from the Chicago Athenaeum: Museum of Architecture and Design and The European Centre for Architecture Art Design and Urban Studies, and top new product recognitions from industry publications.
Jose Cuadrado, Vice President CNH Industrial Construction Equipment for Europe Africa and Middle East, said, “The W9 marked the beginning of a long history of innovation pioneered through many generations of wheel loaders, culminating in today's G-Series wheel loader range, introduced a revolutionary windscreen design and raised the bar on operator comfort.
According to Cuadrado, the machines have come a long way since the original models, and reflect the practical innovation CASE builds into its equipment to maximize performance and dependability.
The government has granted low-cost airline FlyAfrica permission to fly the lucrative Harare-Bulawayo route when it resumes operating within 90 days, ending the monopoly that was enjoyed by struggling national carrier, Air Zimbabwe.
FlyAfrica was forced to suspend operations last month to sort out its licence and aircraft ownership status and this has to be done within 90 days.
According to a letter from Transport and Infrastructure Development permanent secretary George Mlilo, FlyAfrica joins Air Zimbabwe in plying the local route which has for long been a preserve of the struggling national airline.
“The ministry acknowledges receipt of your letter wherein you sought designation of the Harare-Bulawayo route, the ministry has approved your request on a daily frequency on route,” read the letter from Mlilo to Cassidy Mugwagwa, FlyAfrica executive chairperson.
For years, the Harare-Bulawayo route has been a cash cow for Air Zimbabwe but the State-owned airline, due to dilapidated infrastructure and viability challenges, has been struggling to meet market demands.
Last month, the Civil Aviation Authority of Zimbabwe (CAAZ) suspended FlyAfrica's licence due to its status and how it had leased aircraft. The airline had a wet lease arrangement and the authority wanted FlyAfrica to have a dry lease arrangement which is cheaper.
A wet lease is an arrangement whereby one airline (the lessor) provides an aircraft, crew, maintenance and insurance to another airline or other type of business acting as a broker of air travel (the lessee) and paid by hours operated.
A dry lease is an arrangement whereby an aircraft financing entity provides an aircraft without crew and ground staff among others.
Last month, CAAZ also approved Gift Chigorimbo as the accountable manager for the airline — a process that leads to its recertification and possible return. Newsday
Russian law enforcement officials are questioning a new suspect over the bombing of a metro train in St Petersburg earlier this month, a source familiar with the investigation told Reuters on Monday.
Fourteen people were killed in the April 3rd attack.
The suspect is the ninth person to have been detained since the attack on suspicion of having colluded with the bomber, Akbarzhon Jalilov.
Jalilov was killed in the explosion.
Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB), cited by the RIA news agency, identified the detained man as Abror Azimov.
The suspect was born in 1990 and is from ex-Soviet Central Asia.
RIA reported that the FSB described them in a statement as one of the organisers of the attack and said they had trained Jalilov.
Azimov was detained on Monday in the Moscow region, the agency reported.
Earlier, Russian media reported that the bomber had made a telephone call to someone in Moscow before the attack.
Reuters
NEW YORK (AP) — Best Buy Co., the nation's largest consumer electronics retailer, says it will be handing out bonuses to more than 100,000 employees, joining a list of companies sharing a portion of their windfall from the corporate tax reform law with employees.
The Minneapolis-based chain says that this month it will pay one-time bonuses of $1,000 to full-time workers and $500 to part-time employees.
Company spokesperson Jeff Shelman said full-time salaried employees on a bonus plan will not get the extra funds.
Best Buy joins a list of others including Walmart Inc., Walt Disney Co. and Starbucks Corp., adopting measures such as giving out bonuses, enhancing maternity benefits and raising wages in the wake of the tax overhaul.
Advertisement
The Best Buy bonuses were first reported by the Star Tribune in Minneapolis.
Taylor Swift cried in court as David Mueller's lawyer claimed in their closing argument that a photo proves the former Denver DJ would not have been able to put their hand under their skirt, reports The Daily Mail.
The photo, which Swift's legal team has used as evidence for much of the trial, shows Mueller, 55, with their arm behind the 27-year-old singer who is leaning away.
Taylor Swift, centre, poses with DJ MUeller and their girlfriend. Photo/TMZ Taylor Swift, centre, poses with DJ MUeller and their girlfriend. Photo/TMZ
Swift countersued Mueller for assault and battery after they sued them for falsely accusing them of groping her, costing them their job.
The judge threw out their lawsuit against Swift on Friday, saying they can't prove that their claims got them fired from the radio station KYGO.
Advertisement
The jury is currently deliberating.
Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge pointed out how Swift had no reason to make the story up and was not seeking a payout, but a $1 token award.
"Taylor Swift has no desire to bankrupt this man. A single dollar on the counter claim is of immeasurable value. It says no means no ..."
They questioned Mueller's credibility in their closing argument: "The other side of the credibility coin, Mr Mueller had every incentive to lie, they changed their story, destroyed evidence. Are you going to believe him?"
In their closing argument, Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said Swift's skirt was stiff like a lampshade, meaning: "He would have had to bend down to put their hand under their skirt."
They also said they were positioned in the center of the frame, implying they aren't actually leaning away.
"Taylor Swift is still in the middle of the picture frame. If they tried to get away they would be off to left side of the picture, off centre."
McFarland also questioned Swift's demeanor in the photo. Though they are smiling in the picture, several of their witnesses said they acted strange after the photo was taken.
The attorney asked: "Look at their face, is that the face of someone who just had their butt grabbed? Is that the face of someone who is upset?"
They also questioned why their bodyguard Greg Dent didn't react when they testified they saw Mueller lift them skirt.
McFarland said: "The reason why they didn't react to it, because they didn't see anything that would cause such a reaction."
Plus, they said Stephanie Simbeck incorrectly identified their client at first and said because they still work for Swift they are not reliable.
Finally, McFarland said their client had no motive to grope the pop star and risk their dream job. They claimed Swift's mother Andrea and their liaison Frank Bell used their position of power to get Mueller fired.
After Baldridge's argument, McFarland reiterated their point about Taylor smiling in the photo and said: "I don't disagree there should be truthful reporting of sexual assault, but the law should protect the false reporting of sexual assault."
They said there wasn't a proper investigation into the incident and there were 60 to 80 people meaning Swift could have misidentified their client.
In Baldridge's rebuttal, they said: "Mr Mueller lost their job, because they grabbed their butt and got caught. They want to victimize them again, it's time to stop the victimization of victims in the country and in this courtroom."
On Friday afternoon, Swift's attorney made the motion for a summary judgement and the lawyers argued their case to judge without jurors present before breaking for a 10 minute recess.
Them lawyer asked for former Denver KYGO DJ Mueller's case to be dismissed. A few hours later the judge granted the request.
After US District Judge William Martinez's ruling, Swift and their team shared a celebratory hug. The team of former DJ David Mueller did not talk to one another or anybody else.
US District Judge William Martinez determined Friday that the pop star could not be held liable because David Mueller hadn't shown that they personally set out to have them fired after the backstage meet-and-greet in 2013.
Mueller's identical allegations against Swift's mother and their radio liaison will go to the jury.
After Swift's former bodyguard Greg Dent testified that they saw Mueller's hand go under their skirt during a June 2013 meet and greet, two other witnesses were called before the plaintiff rested their case.
Mueller's former on-air cohost DJ at KYGO Ryan 'Ryno' Kliesch took the stand and told jurors that when they first heard about the accusations against their good pal that they thought it was a prank. They joked that they expected Ashton Kutcher to jump up and tell them they were being 'punked'.
Kliesch told jurors that they have never known David to act inappropriately toward women as long as they had known him. They also said that David from day one has maintained their innocence and has never admitted to inappropriately touching Taylor.
Kliesch also said that former KYGO program manager Hershel Coiner, on-air name 'Eddie Haskell' thought Taylor was wearing biker shorts when they hugged them at the meet and greet they attended earlier in the night. Kliesch was not present at the meet and greet when Mueller allegedly groped Taylor.
Mueller's ex-girlfriend Shannon Melcher took the stand next. At the time of the alleged incident, Shannon worked at KYGO as an account executive.
They testified that they started dating Mueller around February 2013 and the relationship ended slowly towards the end of 2013.
They testified that they never saw Mueller act disrespectful to any other woman.
Shannon said that they never saw Mueller reach their hand under Taylor's skirt, "I was talking to Taylor, and I don't have eyes in the back of my head."
But said they never noticed any unusual movement by Taylor, a jump or a sudden movement toward them "I don't recall Taylor jumping into me or making any sudden movements toward me."
But they said Mueller later told them that it was a strange event. Mueller said they felt odd that they had to 'dive into the photo quickly,' and that they were in a meet and greet for the public, not one designated for the radio industry.
They also told jurors they didn't have anything alcohol to drink until after the Taylor meet and greet and never saw David Mueller consume alcohol that day until after the event.
Taylor Swift's former bodyguard, Greg Dent, said earlier on Friday they saw the moment Mueller lifted them skirt.
Dent, a former cop who currently works for the NSA, testified they saw David Mueller put their hand under Taylor's skirt right before the picture was taken with Swift, Mueller and their then girlfriend Shannon Melcher.
"His hand went under their skirt, they jumped, moved their skirt down and moved closer to the girl and proceeded to have the picture taken," Dent told jurors in Denver federal court Friday.
Mueller's attorney pressed Dent on why they didn't take any actions against Mueller after witnessing inappropriate behavior. Dent said that they took a cue from Taylor that they were fine and didn't want them to do anything about it at that time as they continued on with their meet and greet.
"My focus was on her, I looked at them to see if they wanted me to move in. They proceeded with the picture."
On Thursday, Swift told how a "drunk" Mueller groped their bare backside after lifting their skirt and leaving their hand 'latched' on.
"He lifted my skirt and grabbed my bare ass cheek," Swift told the jury in their civil trial.
"It was a definite grab, not jostling."
In day four of their federal trial the 27-year old singer repeatedly told jurors from the stand over and over again how former KYGO radio DJ, David Mueller, 55, intentionally grabbed them at a meet and greet in Denver, CO in June 2013.
Upon further grilling by Mueller's attorney, Taylor told jurors that Mueller and their then girlfriend appeared to be intoxicated at their meet and greet.
Taylor said that they don't blame their former bodyguard Greg Dent who witnessed the assault for not stopping Mueller, telling jurors, "I'm not critical of my bodyguard for not doing anything, I'm critical of your client (Mueller) for sticking their hand under my skirt and grabbing my ass."
When grilled about how they felt about Mueller losing their job because of the allegations, Taylor countered by saying, "I am not going to allow your client make me feel like it anyway it's my fault because it isn't."
They said that they don't have any feelings on Mueller as a person. "I don't know him, but what they did was despicable."
"I know it was him. I didn't need a photograph. I could have picked them out of a line of a thousand people. I know exactly who did this, this what happened. It happened to me. I know it was him."
After a little under an hour on the stand, Mueller's attorney had no further questions and Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge and no question.
Swift's tour photographer at the time testified for about 10 minutes after her, while the judge in the case announced that Taylor's mother, Andrea was not feeling well and was excused from testifying Thursday.
Swift's former personal assistant Gabby Liddicoat and KYGO Vice President Robert Call also testified.
The court also heard from former KYGO employee Hershel Coiner, on-air name 'Eddie Haskell', who Mueller had claimed had really been the man who groped Swift.
Coiner denied touching them - and vehemently denied on the stand that they told Mueller that they grabbed Swift's butt after the concert, as alleged by Mueller in their civil complaint.
They were also questioned on whether Mueller, who they saw at another meet and greet that same night, had been intoxicated but said they had not seen a drink in their hand or think they were drunk.
Both men's former boss, Robert Call, the vice-president of KYGO told jurors that after they completed an internal investigation they fired Mueller based on three reasons.
The photograph showing Mueller with their hands near Swift's behind, statements by Swift liaison Frank Bell as relayed to them by Taylor Swift and their mother, Andrea Swift, and Mueller's changing story.
"In my mind, without question, their (Mueller's) hand was behind Ms Swift's rear end," they said.
And Swift's road manager, Erica Warden told jurors that "after the meet and greet, Taylor told several people, that guy [Mueller] grabbed my ass".
Warden said that they had not seen it herself, but Stephanie Simbeck, who runs Taylor Swift's Club Red, the name for them meet and greet club, and who took the photograph of Meuller and Swift that they had seen the grope.
When asked by Mueller's attorney about the alleged incident of Mueller grabbing Taylor's butt, they replied that they saw Mueller grab them 'ass.'
Pressed by Mueller's attorney on whether or not Mueller grabbed Taylor's on the outside of their skirt or the inside of their skirt, they said they didn't know.
'He was touching her,' they said.
On Wednesday Andrea had sobbed on the stand as they spoke about the moment they were informed their daughter had been groped, telling court that they knew something was 'horribly wrong' the moment they walked into their dressing room.
Andrea, 59, said: 'I went into the dressing room and I saw them face. I could see that there was something horribly wrong. They [Swift] said, 'Mom, a guy just grabbed my ass.'
The mother-of-two broke down as they told the jury about how Swift was left feeling 'destroyed' in the aftermath of the groping incident.
They said: 'One of the things I think that stuck with me [about that night] was that [Taylor] couldn't believe that after the incident, after they grabbed her, that they thanked them for being there.
'She said thank you. It was destroying them that they said that after someone did that to them It made me question why I taught them to be so polite in that moment.'
They smiled as they talked about Swift's 'sweet' upbringing on a farm in Reading, Pennsylvania, but became visibly angry when Mueller's lawyer asked them if their son Austin had ever been accused of sexual assault.
The line of questioning was disallowed by Judge Martinez.
Andrea was also asked about the photograph of Swift with the DJ taken on the night and told court that it left them feeling 'sickened'.
Concluding the cross-examination, Swift's attorney asked if they had heard any facts that had convinced them Swift had not been sexually assaulted.
Watched by their daughter and their husband Scott, Andrea turned towards Mueller and said: "Absolutely not.'"
Them first appearance on the witness stand came shortly after former radio host David Mueller completed their testimony Wednesday with a plea to restore their 'good reputation'.
In closing remarks, they said: "I'm here to prove that I'm innocent. I had a good reputation in radio and I would like to get it back."
Under questioning from Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge, they said they were no longer looking for a $3 million award but instead wanted to restore their name and resume their career in radio.
They acknowledged that a photo of them with their hand behind the singer is 'weird and awkward' in court Wednesday.
Them lawyer also claimed several people noticed Swift was upset after the incident when David Mueller allegedly grabbed them
Mueller claims the episode cost them their career and relationship with girlfriend Shannon Melcher.
The trial was the final act in a long-running legal saga that began in September 2015 when Mueller filed suit claiming Swift had lied about being groped and had got them fired.
Swift countersued the following month, writing in their complaint that they had "never been so certain of anything in my life".
The singer is seeking a token $1 award and a verdict that holds Mueller responsible and serves "as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts".
United States 15-06-2017. 599 Fashion is your one-stop shop online that carries almost everything in clothing for men, women and kids. Apart from this, you will be able to buy plus size clothing here which is also trendy and designer will exceed your expectations. Basically, online shopping is gaining popularity among the modern generation who prefer online shopping for their routine needs. It is merely a option that lets you have great experience of shopping without visiting to different shops or without spending too many bucks.
When it's time to buy clothes online then finding the right clothing suppliers will make difference. A leading and dedicated clothing store must provide you high-quality clothes at the reasonable price in the market. No doubt, there must be a number of clothing suppliers to choose from but you cannot prefer anybody for your specific needs. A right vendor must provide you with high-quality and affordable clothing. A right clothing store like 599 Fashion must provide several options in clothing and let you have the ultimate experience of online shopping.
Usually, plus size women find it hard to get the clothes which are meant for them. They feel they cannot wear fashionable and designer clothes but it is not true as 599 Fashion carries huge selection in plus size clothing. It is not perfect to give you the right fit but also tend to be more fashionable and trendy. These plus size clothes will let you stay in fashion and women plus size clothing involves: beautifully designed dresses, stylish bottoms, sexy tops, activewear, rompers and much more.
When it comes to buy clothes online then if you are looking for the best clothing store who can help you buy cheap clothing online then one can rely on 599 Fashion.
Learn more about this clothing store and products it provides by visiting at:
https://www.599fashion.com/Affordable-plus-size-clothing_ep_91-1.html
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County trail Cardiff City 1-0 at half-time in Tuesday night's vital Sky Bet Championship encounter at Pride Park Stadium.
Callum Paterson's 28th-minute volley separated the two promotion hopefuls at the interval.
Gary Rowett made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Derby's two leading scorers this season, Matej Vydra and David Nugent, were both dropped from the starting line-up.
They were replaced by Andreas Weimann and former Cardiff man Cameron Jerome.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Rowett stuck with the 3-4-2-1 formation that they used for the first time against Boro, with a back three of Richard Keogh, Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth, and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs.
Ikechi Anya (calf) and Sam Winnall (knee) both remained sidelined by injury.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock made four changes following the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest.
Sol Bamba, Callum Paterson, former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine were drafted into the starting line-up.
Out went Craig Bryson, who was ineligible to face their parent club, Lee Peltier, Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore.
There was a highly-charged atmosphere inside the ground, as expected, as the game got under way.
The opening stages were dominated by set pieces. Derby had to deal with Aron Gunnarsson's long throws, while forcing a string of corners themselves.
From one of those, delivered by Tom Lawrence, Bradley Johnson's first-time effort was deflected narrowly wide of the near post.
In the 12th minute, Lawrence whipped in a dangerous free kick from the left, which keeper Neil Etheridge managed to collect at the second attempt.
Etheridge was called into action again five minutes later to deny the Rams an opening goal.
Weimann robbed Bamba and surged forward down the right before squaring for Lawrence, who touch a touch before seeing their low shot well blocked by the advancing keeper.
Cardiff felt they should have had a penalty after 20 minutes, when Ward's speculative effort was deflected behind off Johnson. However, appeals for handball against the Derby midfielder were waved away by referee Andrew Madley.
Junior Hoilett blazed over from the edge of the box after a long clearance by Etheridge dropped kindly for him.
Derby will have been satisfied by the start they had made - but they fell behind in the 28th minute.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
A long ball into the box from the left went over the heads of Madine, Davies and Forsyth, and Paterson drilled a right-foot volley inside Carson's near post from an angle.
It might have got worse for the Rams five minutes later. Hoilett headed Ward's cross from the left back across goal and Madine could not quite get there to apply the finish.
The striker felt they were being fouled as they went for the ball but, again, the penalty appeals fell upon deaf ears.
Derby needed a response, and they could have levelled in the 37th minute.
Lawrence chipped the ball in from the left and Jerome flicked on, but Weimann missed the target from 10 yards out.
Forsyth saw a shot blocked, while Etheridge was out quickly to save at the feet of Weimann.
At the other end, Ward fired over from 20 yards and Joe Ralls did likewise with the final action of the half.
The Rotary Club of Montecito has a new president, John Glanville.
Glanville,chairperson and owner of Maps.com, has been selected to guide the service organization's efforts to achieve world understanding and peace through its international humanitarian, educational and cultural exchange programs.
In addition to their busy business life and impressive resume, the new president has extensive nonprofit experience serving in a variety of officer, board, committee and operational roles.
Glanville earned their bachelor of arts degree in fine arts/architecture from Lehigh University, holds a master of science degree in civil engineering/project management from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a certified coach from the Hudson Institute of Santa Barbara.
 They are married with one son and three Labradors and resides in Santa Barbara.
The Rotary Club of Montecito meets at noon on Tuesdays at the Montecito Country Club, 920 Summit Road in Montecito. Those wishing more information on the nonprofit organization is welcome to call Glanville at 805.565.3334.
— Jennifer Goddard is a publicist representing the Rotary Club of Montecito.
Sunderland 2 Liverpool 2
Wearside proved an unexpectedly hazardous staging post on Liverpool's road towards a potential title with two Jermain Defoe penalties restricting Jürgen Klopp's side to an unwanted draw which leaves them five points behind the leaders, Chelsea.
David Moyes can only dream of being in second place these days but at least their third-bottom team remain in touching distance of safety as they strive to not only keep hold of Defoe but persuade Ellis Short, Sunderland's reluctant owner, to invest in some new players this month.
If their former England striker was, once again, Moyes's saviour, Liverpool's Sadio Mané discarded two points with a ludicrous handball. That watershed came 12 minutes after Mané had given the visitors the lead for the second time on an afternoon when Daniel Sturridge also scored, and impressed, before limping off, apparently in considerable pain.
Jordan Pickford's knee injury has offered Vito Mannone a chance to show off their goalkeeping reflexes and they looked reassuringly sharp as the Italian dived smartly to repel Sturridge's early low shot before tipping away Georginio Wijnaldum's curler for a corner.
It was a bitter Wearside afternoon with temperatures hovering just above freezing but Mannone must have felt increasingly warm as they kept out another curving shot, dispatched by Sturridge this time, following some fine approach work on Roberto Firmino's part.
Mannone though is only human and, after their defence had failed to deal with the fallout from a corner, Dejan Lovren's miscued shot bounced into Sturridge's path and, from around six yards out, the sometime England striker directed a looping header into the net.
While that was only Sturridge's second Premier League goal of the season, Defoe soon registered their 10th, equalising from the penalty spot after Didier Ndong stole between Wijnaldum and Ragnar Klavan as they accelerated into the area and the centre-half sent them tumbling. Although Simon Mignolet guessed the kick's flight-path, correctly, Defoe's low, unerring execution proved far too good for the Belgian as the ball arrowed snugly inside a post and on into the bottom corner.
ADVERTISEMENT
West Ham remain extremely keen on spiriting Sunderland's leading scorer back to east London but that represents a doomsday scenario Moyes surely cannot bear to even contemplate.
Within minutes of levelling, Sunderland should have taken the lead in the wake of Adnan Januzaj's fancy footwork. Mignolet performed wonders to get a hand to Defoe's shot and push it away before Fabio Borini directed the rebound wide.
Moyes had dubbed their players “useless” – among other things – after they surrendered 4-1 at Burnley on Saturday but re-arranged in a 4-4-1-1 formation they – initially at least – looked in much better shape.
So much so that Mignolet, previously of this parish, had been required to make a couple of decent saves from Defoe and then Jack Rodwell before Sturridge scored the opener. Sunderland had lost all 33 of the previous games Rodwell had started for the club but, newly recovered from their latest injury, they seemed in unusually effective mode.
Hopes this might be the day that unfortunate cycle was broken were sustained by Mannone as they creditably denied Sturridge a second goal shortly before a half-time interval in which Klopp replaced James Milner – whose style had been cramped by an early booking – with Alberto Moreno at left-back.
Considering their defence was lacking the injured Lamine Koné – who, along with Wahbi Khazri and Ndong is, in any case, about to depart for Gabon and the Africa Cup of Nations – Moyes must have been reasonably pleased with its new found resilience.
Klopp, meanwhile, simply looked frozen through as they shivered on the touchline. The German was furious about having to play this game less than 48 hours after their side's New Year's Eve tea-time win over Manchester City and as Liverpool's attempts to bypass John O'Shea and Papy Djilobodji became increasingly jaded those dire prophecies of physical and mental fatigue appeared close to fulfillment.
Even so, the visitors – missing the injured Jordan Henderson – continued to dominate possession to a sometimes embarrassing extent and should really have regained the lead when Nathaniel Clyne crossed sublimely but Mané somehow missed the most inviting of openings.
Moyes though was convinced their team should have had another penalty after Borini's chip struck Emre Can on an arm but it did not look deliberate and referee Anthony Taylor had no hesitation about waving play on.
Things seemed to be drifting towards a draw when Liverpool finally got a grip of themselves and appeared to decide they were not quite all out of ideas after all.
This new mood was reflected by a menacing cameo featuring Adam Lallana and Sturridge exchanging passes before Lallana's cute backheel cued the striker up for an angled shot Mannone performed acrobatics to divert to safety.
When the resultant corner was inadvertently flicked on by Djilobodji, it fell to Mané who, completely unmarked at the far post, gleefully guided it into the net from close range. Not for the first time, Sunderland paid the price for slapdash defending with their protestations Mané had been in an offside position irrelevant as Djilobodji's intervention played them onside.
Creditably refusing to fold, Moyes's players rallied and won another penalty with six minutes to go after Seb Larsson's free-kick was handled by, of all people, Mané who blatantly, ridiculously, stuck their arm up. Forward stepped Defoe again and, this time, they sent Mignolet the wrong way as the ball flew low into the opposite corner.
With Sturridge having limped off after being accidentally caught by Djilobodji and replaced by Lucas Leiva, Liverpool were suddenly limited in attack and,this time, had no riposte.
ADVERTISEMENT
(Guardian service)
Trump just dealt a divisive blow to a Obama era mandate concerning birth control. Now employers will have the right to deny birth control coverage based on religious grounds, prompting criticism for several prominent groups advocating for women's reproductive rights.
The decision, handed down by the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services no longer demands the no co-pay requirement instruction for employers. Critics propose that the move could impact millions of women though a study by Health & Human services touts a severely lower number, alleging that only 120,000 women would be affected.
The new mandate would allow employers, including nonprofits, private firms and public traded companies, to halt offering contraceptives through health coverage if the employer finds “sincerely held religious or moral objection,” according to CNN‘s report. A second part of the mandate would allow employers to refuse coverage if they find any moral conviction, not particularly tied to religious beliefs.
Several organizations including the American Civil Liberties Union, the National Women's Law Center, the Center for Reproductive Rights spoke out against the administration's decision. According to CNN, the ACLU plans to file a suit against the administration on Friday. These groups ascertain that birth control is not only aligned with pregnancy prevention, but also treats hormonal imbalances and severe conditions like endometriosis.
More than 55 million women in the U.S. have birth control with zero co-pay, according to the NWLC. The organization released a study in 2013, reporting that the Obama era mandate saved women $1.4 billion in birth control pill costs.
SOURCE: CNN
DON'T MISS:
Tina Campbell Defends Them Trump Vote, Errrr Okay Sis
SNL's Michael Che Calls Trump a ‘Cheap Cracker' Over Trifling Puerto Rico Response
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
NEW DELHI (AP) — An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million, according to complaints filed with Indian authorities.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, said in the documents obtained by The Associated Press that they saw "various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money" at their onetime employer that created "huge wrongful gains" for the company's managing director and their associates.
The documents make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower in Gurgaon, outside New Delhi.
Sanka quit the company in late 2016 "because I was increasingly uncomfortable with the way in which IREO's business was being conducted," according to a police complaint they filed in late February in Gurgaon, a sprawling and ever-growing satellite city of New Delhi.
Advertisement
In a statement at the time, Donald Trump Jr. said: "IREO is truly a fantastic group and we are looking forward to pushing the boundaries together to create what will soon be one of the most exciting and sought-after commercial towers in India."
The Trump Organization has licensing agreements with all its Indian business partners, who build the properties and acquire the Trump name in exchange for a fee.
The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment from The AP.
Sanka's accusations were first reported by The Washington Post.
Their statements form the basis for an Indian police complaint filed by two large international investors, the UK-based Children's Investment Fund Foundation, a philanthropy founded by British billionaire Chris Hohn, and New York-based Axon partners.
The complaint accuses Lalit Goyal, IREO's managing director, of being at the heart of the alleged fraud, with Sanka's statement saying they "was the final decision maker on all matters" at IREO.
The documents focus on two deals, one for 78 acres in the small town of Bhiwadi, about 30 miles from Gurgaon, and another for 37 acres of land in Gurgaon.
Through a series of sub-deals, the documents say much of the investment money was channeled away from real estate developments and to Goyal and people close to him.
The complaint filed by Axon and Children's Investment Fund Foundation says the Bhiwadi deal was "nothing but a sham planned by Lalit Goyal in conspiracy with various other accused persons to misappropriate about $62 million."
A March 9 letter from Hohn and Dinakar Singh, Axon's managing partner, say Goyal "and related entities appear to have diverted funds" worth nearly $150 million, and that they have seen evidence "suggesting there may have been wrongdoing and theft well beyond these amounts."
The letter, obtained by The AP, was sent to IREO investors.
Goyal and other top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
The Children's Investment Fund Foundation and Axon had originally filed suit in Mauritius, where the IREO investment funds were incorporated, trying to pressure IREO to manage them better.
In February, before accusations of mismanagement had shifted to accusations of fraud, Goyal told Barron's magazine that IREO carefully watched over investor money and that that "we are very hopeful they will get much more than what they invested back."
Donald Trump Jr. recently finished a trip through India, promoting properties that have licensed the family name.
The Trump Organization has five projects in India, making it the brand's largest market outside the United States. One complex is already open in the central Indian city of Pune, with other developments in various stages of construction in Kolkata and Mumbai, and two in Gurgaon.
___
Stephen Braun in Washington, DC contributed to this report.
By Abby Hassler
Ever wanted to hear Justin Bieber singing in Spanish? Fans get their wish in Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's “Despacito” remix, where the singer starts the new track with a verse in English but switches over to Spanish for the chorus.
Related: Ringo Starr Confirms The Beatles are Bigger than Justin Bieber
The “Sorry” singer built up anticipation ahead of the track's release by posting photos from their recording session on social media last week. One of the photos ended up being the cover for the remix.
Listen to the remix below.
This story is about Published 15m
Dave Strader looking forward to accepting Hockey Hall of Fame award is 'best treatment of all for me' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Vernon Bryant/Staff Photographer Dallas Stars play-by-play Dave Strader prepares before calling a game between the Dallas Stars and Tampa Bay Lightning at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Saturday, February 18, 2017. Strader has been battling bile duct cancer and this is their first game back since last season. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter: @MikeHeika
Growing up a basketball fan who wanted to be like Marv Albert, Dave Strader never imagined Monday's announcement that they will be honored by the Hockey Hall of Fame as the 2017 recipient of the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award, given annually for outstanding contributions as a hockey broadcaster. "I'm blown away. It's mind-boggling," Strader said. "I didn't know who Foster Hewitt was when I started this thing." Hewitt is the longtime voice of Hockey Night in Canada, and Strader said he's well aware of the man now and of the importance of their award, given for lifetime achievement. "Just knowing the people who have gotten this, it's the greatest honor I have ever received," Strader said.
Foster Hewitt Award. Greatest honor of my career. There are no adequate words. So humbled & so many to thank. @rcamcole #honortogoinwithyou — Dave Strader (@TheVoiceDS) April 17, 2017
Strader was focused on basketball throughout their youth, following the Knicks and 76ers, and figured they would get a hardcourt broadcasting gig at some point. But when the minor league Adirondack Red Wings moved to their hometown of Glens Falls, N.Y., in 1979, their focus changed. The young do-it-all gopher jumped at the chance to become a play-by-play voice in hockey, and they learned on the fly. They worked their way up to Detroit and the NHL by 1985 and stayed there until 1996. Then, they stepped up to national gigs with ESPN, ABC and NBC that included work at the 2006 and 2014 Olympics. They also have had stops with the Panthers and Coyotes and in 2015 took over as the Stars' play-by-play man.
Stars' Strader returns after cancer diagnosis: 'For four hours I didn't feel sick at all'
"He's just so good and so smooth, that's why they call them 'The Voice,'" said Stars president Jim Lites, who hired Strader in Adirondack. "This is very deserved." The timing of the award also is perfect. Strader has been battling bile duct cancer since last summer and was able to broadcast only five Stars games this season. They have fought through setbacks and made impressive strides toward recovery, and hockey has played a big part in the positive moments. "Just being in the booth, being around the game, just being a normal person doing what you love, I don't even feel like I'm sick when I'm working," they said. Strader might call more playoff games if they feel good, but they said they still have medical appointments on the East Coast and needs to stay in that area. They said they have already talked to new Stars coach Ken Hitchcock, and that conversation fueled their drive to be in Stars training camp next fall. Oh yeah, and there is an appointment Nov. 13 to receive a very prestigious award in Toronto. "This is just one more thing that motivates me and makes me look forward," Strader said. "My goals have become shorter-term just when it comes to the treatments and everything else. But having these dates to look forward to, that's the best treatment of all for me." Twitter reaction
Officially recognizing what Stars fans have known for 2 years & NHL fans have known for 30-plus.
Dave Strader is a Hall of Fame Broadcaster https://t.co/VAA4lYmjx3 — Josh Bogorad (@JoshBogorad) April 17, 2017
Congratulations Dave, very well deserved. https://t.co/PLX4745eRq — Sean Shapiro (@seanshapiro) April 17, 2017
Ditto, @TheVoiceDS, and back at you. The honour is mine. https://t.co/P5VcVdKa3I — Cam Cole (@rcamcole) April 17, 2017
Tremendous honor that is thoroughly deserved! Congrats Dave on an incredible accomplishment!! https://t.co/8IEHGRLFze — Owen Newkirk (@OwenNewkirk) April 17, 2017
One of the all-time greats, gets their just rewards. Congrats Dave. It is an honor for us to work with you https://t.co/qi2P5BuiYm — Bruce LeVine (@BruceLeVinePuck) April 17, 2017
Two Titans. Well deserved Gentlemen. https://t.co/gT6pftfNP9 — Ralph Strangis (@RalphStrangis) April 17, 2017
Will add my voice to those congratulating Dave Strader and Cam Cole as this year's winners of the Foster Hewitt and Elmer Ferguson awards. — Scott Burnside (@ESPN_Burnside) April 17, 2017
Congrats to Dave Strader, @thevoiceDS, announced today as a Hall of Famer, the Foster Hewitt Award. Spectacular news and well earned! — John Keating (@JohnKeatingFSD) April 17, 2017
Congrats to Dave Strader on winning the Foster Hewitt award.  They are such a great inspiration to people who are going through tough times — Barry Melrose (@NHLBarryMelrose) April 18, 2017
Best news I've heard in a long time...#HOF https://t.co/wWnoSTK9q1 — Steve Levy (@espnSteveLevy) April 17, 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An uninsured motorist led police on a 15-mile, 106mph chase down the A38 in heavy snow and slippery conditions, only coming to a stop when they crashed into a hedge in Breadsall village.
Derby Crown Court heard how Daniel Earnshaw drove at 70mph in a 30mph limit and was clocked at 95mph down an A-road through Derbyshire villages.
Earlier in the evening, they had split up with their partner who was in the passenger seat during the terrifying chase.
The court heard how they ignored their pleas when they tearfully begged them to stop.
On joining the A38, Earnshaw “tried to outrun” the pursuing cop cars, reaching speeds topping 100mph on the dual carriageway as they careered towards Derby.
And the 27-year-old, who only holds a provisional licence, even carried on fleeing from pursuing cops after their tyres and been deflated by the police's roadside stinger device.
But they finally came to a stop when they ended up in a hedge while still attempting to escape from the police in Breadsall village.
Jailing them for 10 months at Derby Crown Court, Judge Ebraham Mooncey said: “I accept that as a result of your driving no-one was injured but that is more due to good fortune rather than design because driving in the way that you did for the prolonged period that you did could have resulted in serious injury or more.
“You drove for a long period of time, you knew the police were chasing you and in your own words you were ‘trying to outrun them'.
“Your former partner was sitting next to you in the car and was imploring you to stop, crying their eyes out.
“But you did not stop, you carried on and ended up causing damage.
“The risks you took and the speeds you drove at are totally unacceptable.”
Lucky Thandi, prosecuting, said police spotted Earnshaw in the Vauxhall vehicle on the A61 in Shirland shortly after midnight on December 3.
They said it was snowing and the roads were icy and the police tried to pull them over knowing the car was uninsured.
Miss Thandi said: “The defendant accelerated at speed getting to 70mph in a 30mph limit before travelling towards Alfreton at 95mph on Chesterfield Road.
“He went through Alfreton town centre at speeds topping 70mph and on to the southbound A38 heading towards Derby at speeds in excess of 100mph.
“Police pursuing them reached a top speed of 106mph past Coxbench and when they reached the Little Eaton roundabout their tyres were stung by the police.
“But they continued on deflated tyres through Breadsall village coming to a stop in a hedge.”
Check out our new FREE app (with hardly any adverts) We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the iOS app click here. To download the Android app click here.
Miss Thandi said Earnshaw, of Park Street, Birdholme, Chesterfield, was arrested and in interview admitted they were “trying to outrun the police” knowing they were chasing him.
They said they had split up that night with their partner who was sat in the passenger seat alongside them throughout the pursuit “crying and telling them to stop”.
Earnshaw pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving without insurance and without a valid licence.
As well as the jail term they were disqualified from driving for two years and five months.
Joe Harvey, mitigating, said their client “should have stopped with the benefit of hindsight”.
Mr Harvey said: “There is little I can say about the offence itself.
“He was driving their ex-girlfriend home following their split earlier that evening, they panicked and they made the appalling decision to drive off from the police.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe scored twice as Wolves extended their lead at the top of the Sky Bet Championship to six points with a 3-1 win against Burton.
They opened the scoring on the quarter-hour when Helder Costa chested down Conor Coady's ball over the top and fired past the goalkeeper.
Afobe added a second for the home side, latching on to a through-ball from Ruben Neves and finding the top corner.
Burton were back in it before the break when Lloyd Dyer slammed the ball home via a deflection, but Afobe's coolly-taken second sealed the points for Wolves.
Here's how we rated the Wolves players
Ruddy 6.5
No chance for the goal, but like on Tuesday they had very little to do and that's a compliment to those in front of them who all managed the game superbly, again.
Boly 8
Most games in the Championship have looked easy for the towering Frenchman and even in the challenging conditions they continued to ooze class when coming out with the ball. Wolves must do what they can to make the deal permanent .
Coady 8
A beautifully measured ball for Costa's opener, which deserves credit. In the first half the conditions to play that kind of pass were tough. Their usual solid self and made what they had to do look easy.
Bennett 8
Not that they were bad before they got dropped, but since their return to the side he's taken it up another level. Dominant in the air, takes the space in front of them and crisp in possession.
Doherty 7
A steady game for the Irishman, who again got up and down numerous times. Yet another impressive shift, especially when you consider it's their third game in eight days.
Douglas 7
Defended with ease and supported well. One tough challenge upset the visitors in the second half but if you lay down near the goal protecting the ball, why shouldn't someone challenge you?
Neves 9
A delightful ball for Afobe's goal and almost had a second assist when they threaded a superhuman pass through to Costa in the second half.
The weather conditions appear to be irrelevant to Wolves' record signing, as they perform week in week out and appears to be getting even better.
Saiss 8
The fuel to Neves' engine. They steadily go about their business tidying up and retrieving the ball, but let's not forget he's also a very neat footballer himself.
Does what they do very well and has been an unsung hero for much of the season.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Cavaleiro 8
Another game and another assist for Wolves most productive forward. An entertainer and a provider, even in tough conditions they managed to deliver the goods.
Costa 8.5
Good first half, took their goal with ease as they side footed home clinically. Also on a few occasions they wooed the crowd with their favourite shoulder drop turn and fast change of direction. A threat all afternoon.
Afobe 8.5
A lovely right-footed finish over the 'keeper for their first and also tucked their second away with confidence after good work from Cavaleiro.
What was also noticeable was that they came deeper to link the play, which shows he's starting to adjust the style of play under Nuno Espirito Santo.
Substitutes
Gibbs-White 8 (for Cavaleiro 76)
Excellent cameo for the youngster. Some lovely turns and nearly got their first goals for Wolves. The South Bank are sure he's one of their own.
Bonatini (for Afobe 82)
Little time to make an impression.
N'Diaye (for Neves 90)
Imagine being asked to come on at 3-1 up in the 91st minute when it feels like minus 10!
Not used: Batth, Mir, Miranda, Norris.
Custom Dental Ear Plugs Provide Dentists A Way To Stop Rapid Rise Of Tinnitus In The Industry
Big Ear Inc, a company that specializes in products that provide hearing protection, has released The One®Dental Protection Premium Series. The custom dental earplugs were created to prevent dentists from enduring low-level noise that affects hearing while still being able to hear patients and colleagues throughout the day.
The dental industry has seen a spike in dentists developing tinnitus and hearing loss. Due to the equipment used in dental clinics on a daily basis, dentists constantly put their hearing at risk. The One®'s revolutionary design and features allows dentists to eliminate noise while still being able to communicate easily and effectively.
The One®is a set of custom dental ear plugs worn by a dentist while working with patients. The earplugs allow a dentist to hear their or their patients clearly. It also enables a dentist to hear others within the room. The major difference with The One®and other earplugs used by professionals is the feeling that dentists get from the protection device. The One®is light and it doesn't cause the wearer to miss out on important dialogue with a patient or a colleague. Its simple eliminates the sounds that damages hearing over the long-term.
Big Ear's TheOne®works using two filters. The main filter reduces the sound that enters the device, while the second filter allows natural sound to move through the custom dental earplugs. The second filter makes hearing natural sounds possible until the noise pressure reaches 85 dbs. Once the figure is reached, the pressure is unable to pass through the device. This is one of the ways the custom dental earplugs prevent dentists from suffering hearing loss.
Throughout the day, dentists are bombarded by natural and unnatural noises that damage hearing. Dentists must hear patients while the sounds of suction and drills ring out all day long. The custom dental earplugs will give dentists the opportunity to eliminate unwanted sounds and preserve their hearing.
TheOne®Premium Series comes with four sets of filters, one set of silicon full stop earplugs, one set of lanyard plugs, one tactical piece for interoffice communication, one lanyard and one premium case.
For more information please visit https://bigearinc.com/product/premium-dentist-custom-earplugs-the-one/.
Contact: Big Ear Inc
Name: Glenn Hood
Website: https://www.bigearinc.com
Email: ghood@bigearinc.com
Phone: 719-271-9081
Address:231 Oleander Mill Dr.
City: Columbia
State: SC
Zip: 29229
Country: United States
A couple recently sued their neighbors for $2.5 million, because they renovated their home to make it look like THEIR house??!!
Jason and Jodi Chapnik, who live in a multi-million dollar home in Toronto, recently filed a lawsuit against their neighbors for remodeling a nearby property to look “strikingly similar” to their house.
Click Here to see more.
Bruno Mars will take one last victory lap for their Grammy-sweeping 24K Magic when the singer hits the road for the “finale” leg of their 24K Magic World Tour, with Mars'This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Bruno Mars Sets '24K Magic' Tour's ‘Finale' With Cardi B …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
AIB has dramatically stepped up its pursuit of defaulting borrowers and is now by far the most litigious Irish lender when it comes to chasing unpaid debts through the High Court, according to an Irish Times analysis of court records.
In 2016, the State-owned bank issued almost four times as many High Court debt actions against borrowers as its nearest rival, Bank of Ireland. AIB took 40 per cent more cases against its borrowers last year compared with 2015.
The analysis of summary judgment applications – where the bank seeks a fast-track ruling against a borrower without a trial – shows AIB Group filed slightly more than 1,200 such actions in 2016. This compares with about 860 in 2015.
Last year, AIB accounted for almost one in two of all summary judgment applications in the State. As it accelerates the volume of such lawsuits against defaulting and unsecured borrowers, its biggest rival appears to be slowing down. Bank of Ireland, the next most active in the courts, made about 325 summary judgment applications last year, down from about 550 in 2015.
Aggressive tactic
Summary judgments are an aggressive tactic used by financial institutions against delinquent borrowers. They can give a bank recourse to all income and assets of a borrower, regardless of what was originally pledged as loan security.
The financial downfall in 2014 of former media billionaire Sir Anthony O'Reilly, for example, was sparked by an AIB summary judgment application.
Judges can only give summary judgment orders in cases where the borrower appears to have no arguable defence. Both of the main banks say they only use summary judgment applications as a last resort.
“AIB always seeks a non-legal resolution and consensual debt restructuring with customers and only resorts to legal action where a borrower does not fully engage,” said AIB.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bank of Ireland said it only sought summary judgments on people which it deemed were capable of paying but with whom “all efforts to agree alternative repayment plans have been exhausted”.
“[We] take summary judgment proceedings in circumstances where the bank determines that the borrower is in a position to repay the money owed via the sale of assets or based on the income of the borrower.”
About 30 per cent of AIB's summary applications were made by its mortgage arm, suggesting that they were cases where the underlying property may have been sold and the bank was chasing recompense for some of the leftover negative equity. Almost half of Bank of Ireland's applications were made by its mortgage division.
Vulture funds
After the two pillar banks, the next most active seeker of summary judgments, with 126 applications in 2016, was Cabot Asset Purchases, which is owned by the Nasdaq-listed, distressed debt specialist Encore group.
Cabot bought large tranches of property-related debts from Ulster Bank in 2015 and last year initiated a flood of actions against business owners and well-known investors.
Danske Bank, which has withdrawn from the Irish market, made 106 summary applications, while Belgian bank KBC made 41.
So-called vulture fund entities linked to US institutions Goldman Sachs and Carval were also prominent, with more than 100 applications between them. Goldman and Carval bought up large tranches of distressed loans from institutions such as IBRC in recent years.
Goldman's Ennis Property Finance and Kenmare Property Finance made about 50 summary applications in 2016, roughly equal to the number made by Carval's Launceston Property Finance and Stapleford Finance.
US group Cerberus, which bought loans from institutions including IBRC and Ulster Bank, made some 13 summary judgment applications in 2016.
FIGURES
AIB Group (includes 377 by AIB's mortgage arm): 1,200 (number of actions in 2016)
Bank of Ireland Group (includes 157 by its mortgage division): 326
Cabot Asset Purchases (mostly old loans it purchased from Ulster Bank): 126
Danske Bank: 106
KBC: 41
Launceston Property Finance (Carval): 31
Ennis Property Finance (Goldman Sachs): 24
Kenmare Property Finance (Goldman): 22
Stapleford Finance (Carval): 20
Cerberus: 13
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Biopsy Needles Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic, BD Medical, Boston Scientific, Smith Medical, Argon Medical Devices, Novo Nordisk, Terumo Corporation, NIPRO Medical, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Medsurg, TSK, Hamilton Syringes & Needles, Hi-Tech Medicare Devices.
The report begins with introducing the global Biopsy Needles market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Biopsy Needles report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biopsy-needles-market/5884/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Biopsy Needles Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Fully Automatic, Semi-Automatic.
Biopsy Needles Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals, Clinics, Ambulatory Surgical Centres, Other.
Key points in the Biopsy Needles Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biopsy-needles-market/5884/#inquiry
From all of this Biopsy Needles market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Biopsy Needles market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Biopsy Needles distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – Faced with a backlog of applications for recreational marijuana licenses, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission says any applications received after June 15 will be set aside until the pileup is cleared.
The OLCC says it has issued almost 1,900 recreational marijuana licenses since April 2016 as well as almost 29,000 marijuana worker permits.
The agency says the pace of application submissions has not eased, causing the review process to lengthen.
To power through the backlog, the agency says it will temporarily shift employees to focus on renewals and applications that have already been submitted.
OLCC executive director Steve Marks says the temporary suspension of new licenses will help the agency fulfill its regulatory duties and provide timely responses to businesses in the industry.
The Oregon Legislature is expected to look at the issue next year.
Visitor fees will be waived at all Adventure Pass areas except the Santa Ynez Recreation Area
Los Padres National Forest officials announced Tuesday that Saturday has been designated as a “Fee Free Day” for visitors to the forest.
In all areas of the forest where an Adventure Pass is normally required, the fee will be waived in celebration of National Public Lands Day, which is held each year on the last Saturday in September.
An Adventure Pass is typically required for day-use activities and camping at many recreational facilities in the forest. This weekend's Fee Free Day applies to all Adventure Pass areas except the Lower Santa Ynez Recreation Area on the Santa Barbara Ranger District, where the fee remains in effect. Other fees such as reservation fees and group site fees also will still apply. Forest visitors who validate a daily Adventure Pass on Fee Free Day can have the pass replaced free of charge at most Forest Service offices.
“National Public Lands Day is the perfect opportunity to get outdoors and enjoy the natural wonders of our public lands,” Los Padres National Forest Supervisor Peggy Hernandez said. “This affords visitors the chance to see what we have to offer free of charge.”
National Public Lands Day began in 1994 with three federal agencies and 700 volunteers. Last year, 150,000 volunteers assisted with projects at more than 2,000 locations across the country.
For more information on current conditions and how you can get involved, call one of these offices:
» Monterey District Office — King City at 831.385.5434
» Santa Lucia District Office — Santa Maria at 805.925.9538
» Santa Barbara District Office — Santa Barbara at 805.967.3481
» Ojai District Office — Ojai at 805.646.4348 or Mt. Pinos Ranger District/Frazier Park at 661.245.3731
— Joe Pasinato is a spokesperson for the Los Padres National Forest.
The hunt is always on in the optoelectronics and semiconductor physics communities, for materials with specific properties. Carrier mobility – the ability of a semiconductor to conduct currents of charged particles, and its response to electric fields – is vitally important. The crucial part of much of the research into these materials is a tunable bandgap: in other words, the ability to alter the material structure of the substance and thereby change the energy between its conduction and valence bands.
If your device is used as an LED, this determines the frequency of light that it produces. If your device is used as a solar panel, it determines the frequency of the sun's rays that it can absorb. For this reason, tuneable bandgaps would allow LEDs across the visible spectrum, as well as solar panels that are more attuned to the Sun's rays and hence more efficient.
2D materials, with their unique electronic behavior, have proved fertile ground for the hunt for materials that have these useful properties and – crucially – might be cheap and easy to manufacture. In 2014, black phosphorous (BP) was rediscovered for its properties as such a candidate material, with a tunable bandgap and good carrier mobility. Until now, however, there has been a great deal of difficulty in obtaining a monolayer of this substance – phosphorene – meaning that researchers were limited to studying multi-layer flakes of the material. Due to interactions between layers, these multilayer flakes have different properties, so aren't ideal to confirm the theoretically predicted properties of phosphorene.
In a paper published in Nature, a team of researchers – collaborating across three countries, from UCLA, the University of Texas, and the California Institute of Technology in the US, Hunan University and Hefei National Laboratory in China, and King Saud University in Saudi Arabia – have managed to examine the properties of phosphorene. They have done so with a novel technique that involves intercalcation – sliding layers of molecules between monolayers of the phosphorene crystals. These alternating layers form a new synthetic structure the researchers call 'monolayer atomic crystals molecular superlattice' or MACMS.
Motivated by exploring intrinsic monolayer phosphorene properties, we developed this universal electrochemical molecular intercalation solution to synthesize the unique monolayer atomic crystals molecular superlattice (MACMS). More interestingly, we realized this unique MACMS platform could generally be applied to broad two-dimensional atomic crystals (2DACs) together with almost infinite functional molecules selections to tailor and tame the properties of 2DACs. Dr. Wang - UCLA
When creating monolayers in the past, there were three traditional approaches. One was a laborious method of “exfoliation,” which is exactly what it sounds like; attempting to scrape a monolayer from a larger structure. This produces structures that are hard to reproduce, and the yield is low. Alternatively, you can try to “build up” a single layer with chemical vapor deposition onto a substrate; this works well for some substances but becomes increasingly difficult as the complexity of the lattice you want to examine grows greater.
By separating the monolayers with intercalation – in the study, they used cetyl-trimethylammonium bromide – the scientists can have the best of both worlds. Now, the separation between the layers of phosphorene is more than double what it is in black phosphorous; effectively, the layers of phosphorene are isolated from each other, so the interaction isn't affecting the electronic properties of the phosphorene lattice that they want to study.
The study could have implications beyond what was originally planned. The team was able to fabricate transistor devices and measure the electronic properties of phosphorene – but in the process, their new method of constructing MACMS turns out to be highly applicable to other 2D atomic crystals.
As part of the paper, the team showed that “two-dimensional atomic crystals, such as molybdenum disulfide and tungsten diselenide, can be intercalated with quaternary ammonium molecules of varying sizes and symmetries to produce a broad class of superlattices with tailored molecular structures, interlayer distances, phase compositions, electronic and optical properties.”
Dr. Wang commented, "We believe this versatile MACMS platform and designed electronic/optical/magnetic properties of artificial superlattice will promote the 2DACs research community to a new level."
Beyond the device applications of the materials that can be studied using MACMS, there is the potential for fundamental physics research. Quantum condensed matter theory is a hot topic in theoretical physics at the moment; the team is well aware of the potential uses for MACMS in tests of that theory.
In a blog post describing the achievement, Wang wrote:“[This material platform could be used for fundamental physics studies] such as the topological transition under pressure due to Fermi phase and band structure change, compared with traditional Dirac semimetal behavior of black phosphorus, or the low-temperature quantum transportation studies and its relationship with lattice symmetry."
Thumbnail Image Credit: 1000s_pixels/shutterstock
Disclaimer: The views expressed here are those of the author expressed in their private capacity and do not necessarily represent the views of AZoM.com Limited T/A AZoNetwork the owner and operator of this website. This disclaimer forms part of the Terms and conditions of use of this website.
A rest home resident had about 15 maggots hatch in their wounds after dressings weren't apparently changed frequently enough.
Counties Manukau DHB investigators found a lack of documentation around how often staff at Palms Lifecare in Pukekohe changed the 86-year-old's dressings. There was a gap of seven days in one instance.
The man's family have now released the investigation report to the Herald, in an effort to stop other aged-care residents suffering.
They were moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home as a terminal resident needing palliative care, and died on March 9, soon after their daughter went public with their concerns.
Advertisement
The DHB investigation substantiated shortfalls including inadequate pain relief, anecdotal evidence of faecal soiling in their room and a lack of neurological assessments after falls.
"There is limited documentary evidence that the resident's wounds were dressed during the timeframe for the fly eggs to hatch, which meant the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted," the DHB report concluded.
Dressings were meant to happen every other day, but were documented on February 6, 8, 11, 18, 19, 25 and 28. A maggot can hatch within a day.
On February 28 an entry in the man's file states the dressing needed reviewing in two days, but there wasn't further documentation until March 4 – two days before the maggots were found.
Seven to 10 were removed from their big toe. Progress notes indicate that later that day another four to five were removed. The next day another maggot was found.
The man's daughter Corina, who asked for their surname to be withheld, said learning of other care problems when reading the DHB report was deeply distressing.
They met with the DHB this week and asked it to revisit aspects of their family's complaints that weren't fully substantiated. That includes the belief their father rapidly declined in health and suffered a stroke, which wasn't addressed by staff.
"We knew they were going to die … but I did expect them to give them the basics of life – food, fluids, being kept clean and pain relief," Corina said.
The family has received an apology from Heritage Lifecare, the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes.
A spokesperson for the company said existing procedures weren't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place.
"The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again."
Executive chairperson and founder David Renwick said in a statement: "We take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care, in line with Heritage Lifecare's standards."
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe, and says it will keep working with Palms to "ensure an appropriate level of care".
The horror case comes after a Herald review of more than 1000 audit reports for the country's 651 facilities since 2016 found more than a third had significant shortfalls related to resident care.
Consumer NZ believes the Palms Lifecare case shows the auditing system is inadequate and needs to be strengthened – the facility's latest audit resulted in no corrective actions.
• Read the full story here
The drip irrigation systems market in MENA region is mainly backed by the rising water scarcity and need to increase agricultural productivity in the region. The demand for drip irrigation systems is expected to witness strong growth during the forecast period due to high water efficiency of these systems as compared to the conventional irrigation techniques.. In addition, drip irrigation helps in reducing the water wastage due to evaporation, as water is directly applied to the plant root. This is one of the most important advantages of these systems as compared to the sprinkler irrigation systems. Due to these advantages of drip irrigation systems, the demand for these systems is predicted to soar substantially during the forecast period.
In 2013, agriculture segment accounted for the largest share in terms of revenue in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. The demand for these systems was mainly due to the strong agriculture sector in countries such as Israel, Turkey, Iran, Egypt and others. Drip irrigation systems enable high agricultural productivity in comparison to other irrigation techniques. Thus, with rising agricultural development in MENA region, the demand for these systems is estimated to grow substantially.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4409
Furthermore, countries such as Morocco, Qatar, Sudan and others are focusing on development of their agriculture sector in order to increase their agricultural productivity. Through this, these countries plan to reduce their dependence on food imports and achieve self-sufficiency in food production. With growing efforts for increasing domestic food production, the drip irrigation systems market in the region is predicted to witness strong growth during the forecast period. Furthermore, greenhouse production is expected to rise substantially in the coming years for production of different vegetables, fruits and other crops. Since drip irrigation systems are the most suitable form of irrigation for greenhouses, the adoption of these systems in this application is estimated to grow substantially during the forecast period.
On the basis of components, the drip irrigation systems market in MENA was dominated by the tubing segment. Currently, round tubing account for the largest share, in terms of revenue, in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. This is majorly due to high popularity of these tubing for drip irrigation systems in the region. However, due to various advantages such as high durability, resistance for wear and tear and cost effectiveness of flat tubing, the demand for this segment is predicted to rise substantially during the forecast period.
The Middle East and North Africa drip irrigation systems market shows strong competition among the existing players in the region. The market is fragmented in nature with significant number of global as well as regional players. In order to sustain competition, the majority of the drip irrigation manufacturers focus on strengthening their distribution networks across the region.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/drip-irrigation-systems-market.htm
In 2013, the Middle East accounted for the largest share of around 72% in terms of revenue in the MENA drip irrigation systems market. This was largely due to the high penetration of drip irrigation systems in countries such as Israel, Turkey and Iran. Moreover, due to high water scarcity in the region, the demand for drip irrigation systems is expected to remain strong in the Middle East during the forecast period. Furthermore, North Africa is expected to witness the highest growth in the adoption of drip irrigation systems during the forecast period. The high growth is expected to come from countries such as Morocco, Egypt and Sudan. The demand for drip irrigation systems in these countries is expected to be mainly supported by agriculture and greenhouses applications.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual event in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will go on, prompting a standing ovation.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Canada, British Colombia; 11, December 2017: Securing the future especially the retirement years by saving money on a regular basis is a habit that is losing its touch. It is a habit that is dying a slow death, especially amongst the current generation. The reason behind this whole situation is the skyrocketing cost of living. The rising price of daily essentials, utilities, and everyday commute led to the plummeting interest of the public in saving up for later than they can't make ends meet now.
Tapping into this situation, several financial institutions have come up with platforms to make people understand the importance of saving. They also make the opportunities of investing in multi-billion dollar firms attractive to scoop out maximum funds from the public and deliver them back with attractive paid instant returns. Using Bitcoin as the primary source of conducting investment operations has its own set of pros and cons that further popularizes the idea of investing using cryptocurrencies.
24BitDeposit is a Canadian firm that associates itself with the management of funds invested by their clients in the stock market. They carry out their transaction using cryptocurrencies, preferably Bitcoins. They have put together a safe and secure infrastructure that allows their investors to safely carry out all their monetary transaction without worrying about getting hacked by hackers or eavesdroppers. The company put together a team of highly skilled and experienced brokers who keep a close watch on the fluctuations in the stock market and work on the core algorithms of the power company and update the same in real time.
Having such intricate knowledge of the market allows the company to keep both their interests and clients safe from the sharp fluctuations of the market. The trading software of the company uses a simplified yet functional interface that is optimized for the comfort of the user. It is equipped with all the necessary security measures that ensure a safe and secure environment for the clients. They have enabled their trading software and official website with SSL security layer that not only keeps hackers out of the picture but also ensures no one is eavesdropping on what is being done within the infrastructure.
The business policy of the company was founded on the simple idea that money if kept on the shelf, depreciates with each passing day. 24BitDeposit ensures that the money works for its owner and not against them. The structure of the firm is made simply to provide anyone with a little bit of cash can multiply the same via cloud mining. 24BitDeposit is financial and legal firm that acts as a buffer and a platform for safely carrying out investments using cryptocurrencies.
About 24BitDeposit:
24BitDeposit is a Canadian investment firm that is associated with the management and execution of Bitcoin investments by their clients in the stock market. They have a team of councilors and business consultants that ensure the clients are choosing the right company to invest in. For further details, feel free to visit their official website.
For Media Contact:
Company: 24BitDeposit
Email: admin@24bitdeposit.com
Website: http://www.24bitdeposit.com
In the first week of February 1958 a syndicated bulletin from Yugoslavia hit newspaper offices across England. It began: “A crowd of autograph hunters stormed the customs hall at Belgrade airport yesterday.”
The reason for the commotion was that Manchester United had just landed. They were 53 minutes late, the report said, delayed by fog. The audience was undeterred: “The players were engulfed.”
There were four short paragraphs but they conveyed one of the key factors of the Busby Babes: excitement.
The Manchester United side nurtured and moulded by Matt Busby and Jimmy Murphy stirred people. In this case that arousal caused an audience 1,500 miles from Old Trafford to rush the customs officers of a strict regime. Some of them were probably fans of United's next opponents, Red Star Belgrade.
48 hours later, with United 3-0 ahead after 31 minutes of the second leg of the European Cup quarter-final, the foreign fascination with the Busby Babes looked justified. United were 5-1 up on aggregate.
They conceded three themselves early in the second half, but by the final whistle Busby's boy-men were in a semi-final against AC Milan.
After the game United's players went to Belgrade's Metropol hotel with Red Star's team. Dragoslav Sekularac - in Bobby Charlton's world XI in 1960 - told Jonathan Wilson in The Anatomy of Manchester United this was not usual practice. The United players' personalities, Sekularac said, changed things.
“Their friendship, their kindness, how they received us in the first leg in Manchester and how they behaved here, and how we greeted each other, even today I take my hat off to them.”
These glimpses of the Busby Babes through Yugoslav eyes reveal an aura that was there and then. It is not nostalgia. Busby's revolutionary, humane management in Manchester not only created a talent factory in the dirty, old industrial town, it brought colour. Their Manchester United team affected neutrals, it had a winning smile.
Grow your own
The members were young. It was a conscious decision: grow your own. United did and won the first five FA Youth Cups from 1953 to ‘57. Hence ‘Babes'.
Then some of the offspring of that system won the League title in 1955-56 and did so by 11 points - a record for the 22-team top flight formed in 1919. The Babes won the League again in 1956-57 and reached the FA Cup final - they were one game away from becoming the first club in the 20th century to do the Double.
Captain, Roger Byrne, began the ‘55-56 season aged 26. Tommy Taylor was 23, Mark Jones 22, Geoff Bent 22, Liam Whelan 20, David Pegg 19, Eddie Coleman 18 and Duncan Edwards 18. They were the future. All eight died at Munich.
Jimmy Greaves described Duncan Edwards for a modern audience: “Combine the ability of Eric Cantona and the strength and application of Roy Keane with the distribution of Glenn Hoddle and the temperament of Paul Scholes and you are somewhere near.”
Manchester United fans pay tribute to the Busby Babes on the 50th anniverary of the Munich air disaster. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty
Vibrant, youthful, Edwards' United offered a vivid contrast with what had gone before. As Eamon Dunphy, a future United apprentice, wrote in their life of Busby A Strange Kind of Glory: “The new mood was different . . Busby's club had a bit of a swagger, more than a hint of disdain, was more powerful than gracious, possessed the arrogance of the new generation, convinced that it had found a better way - of playing left-back, of living, of expressing itself.”
It was Busby's imagination and often forlorn experiences as a player which produced their desire to overturn orthodoxies - subtly, without the establishment comprehending.
FA bureaucrats stood in their way when they entered United for the European Cup. They had prevented Chelsea entering the season before, dismissed it as “a gimmick”. Busby got theirs way.
It was they who understood the full ramifications of Hungary's landmark victories over England in 1953 and 1954 - 3-6 & 7-1 - then England's loss to Uruguay in the last eight of the 1954 World Cup.
Busby wrote to Stanley Matthews after the tournament praising Hungary and Uruguay - “they had strength, speed and brilliance.” They noted “they wear featherweight boots” and “thin short-sleeved shirts and skimpy shorts.” Unless English clubs mixed in Europe, they feared being “left behind.”
Soon United would be adorned in new kit. Dunphy recalled being at Dalymount Park in September 1957 when United began their European Cup campaign against Shamrock Rovers: “No baggy shorts . . they wore v-necked red shirts without the old collars of Matthews and Finney.”
United won 6-0. A clean shock of the new.
Crowds responded. In August 1955, for the first home game of the season there were 24,000 at Old Trafford; the following season the average home gate was 49,000. In the last domestic match the Babes played, at Highbury five days before Munich, there were 64,000 present to see United win 5-4.
And then Munich, 23 dead. Such loss, such shock, such a deep reaction.
Busby's United had come to represent something - something different, something fresh, something to rush to see - even at an airport. Now it was gone.
The crash was front-page news across Europe, it was on television in New York, the BBC interrupted ‘Children's Hour' to relay the latest.
Manchester's Kennedy moment
People remembered where they were when they heard, just as they did with JFK. The scale of mourning saw 60,000 at the next match at Old Trafford. John Giles was there as young United player that night and has said it was “the most emotionally charged in the history of Manchester United, perhaps in the entire history of the game.”
Harry Gregg, playing with an undiagnosed fractured skull, just a fortnight after the disaster said: “They tell me you could almost reach out and touch the goodwill.”
That feeling stayed. It stayed because Busby returned from hospital in Germany and rebuilt.
“I knew it was going to take us the best part of five years to re-create the old pattern if ever we could,” they said. “One thing I was determined to do was to keep the name of Manchester United on people's lips. We had always to look as if we were doing something. Having been the greatest, we would not settle for anything less.”
Matt Busby and Bobby Charlton in the wake of Manchester United's 1968 European Cup final win over Benfica. Photograph: Getty/Stringer
It stayed because of affection. It stayed because the Babes were in the hearts and songs of supporters, many now from beyond Manchester.
It has stayed 60 years, so that there will be commemorations in Manchester, Munich and Belgrade on Tuesday.
This was not inevitable - it also stayed because, among other things, Charlton survived, Denis Law was bought and George Best was discovered. The reality on the pitch is crucial.
Ten years later Busby saw their new team win the European Cup which their earlier team had died for. It was a tragedy and resurrection beyond imagination. There were tears in 1958, there were tears in 1968.
It sustained Manchester United, brought a breadth and depth of feeling even when they fell into the Second Division just six years later. It took another two decades before Alex Ferguson re-created some of the magnetism.
How good were the Busby Babes?
This is Bobby Charlton in 1960: “From top to bottom the present United side is a good and happy one. It may never be as good as Roger Byrne's team, but then, what team ever could be?”
Based on a report by news.com.au, some Australian cities are vulnerable to long droughts similar to the one that recently caused a water shortage in Cape Town. Australians from different states are looking for ways to stock up on water. RapidPlas offers various sized water tanks for residents.
[TAMWORTH, 31/05/2018] — In 2015, a catastrophic drought in Western Cape, South Africa resulted in a critical shortage of water in the region, mainly affecting the city of Cape Town. Today, climate change specialists have named some Australian cities as vulnerable to a drought similar to the one in South Africa.
Severe Water Shortage
If Australia were subjected to a drought, Brisbane would be the most vulnerable state capital to be affected by a severe water shortage. With several desalination plants already installed and operating, Adelaide and Perth are the best-equipped states to endure the shortage of water. However, without desalination plants, Canberra, Darwin and Hobart would have no water at all during a major drought.
Based on data from the Cross Dependency Initiative, Adelaide and Perth would even be able to offer sufficient levels of water to neighbouring states, while Sydney would only be able to provide enough water to meet necessities such as hygiene and consumption needs for residents.
Rohan Hamden a specialist on climate control, it was likely that Adelaide and Perth would only have sufficient water for residential properties, while agricultural and commercial would have to go without.
Using Water Tanks to Stock Water
RapidPlas offers a broad range of slimline corrugated rainwater tanks that are suitable for residential and commercial purposes. Their range of small water tanks can hold capacities between 500 litres to 5,000 litres. Each tank comes with a dust cover, a stainless-steel strainer and an overflow kit.
All their tanks are manufactured based on the standards of AS/NZS 4766. This assures clients that RapidPlas provides long-lasting rainwater tanks
About RapidPlas
Established in 1990, RapidPlas is family owned and operated business that manufactures and supplies agricultural, residential and commercial polyethylene products such as fertiliser tanks, water and feed troughs and more.
Visit https://rapidplas.com.au/ for more product details.
Victoria BC: PaintWorks, a company serving both commercial and residential clients recently announced the latest advance that offers greater convenience for your paint project. The answer to a common problem is the ability to match existing colors, and Paintworks is pleased to offer this ColorSnap Match technology to it's new and existing clients.Technology has many applications as a quick search online or to your local paint supplier quickly reveals.
ColorSnap Match is a handheld color match tool aimed at painting contractors, designers, remodelers and homeowners with quick and confident color matching. This new device connects to Sherwin Williams free ColorSnap Match app via Bluetooth to deliver a streamlined experience. By scanning any surface or fabric a corresponding Sherwin Williams color is found. Users can scan color from any item or texture including textiles, carpet, tile apparel or accessories as well as paint or fabric and the closest match to Sherwin Williams color is instantly supplied.
Whether you need to match an existing paint color or find you're undecided on a color this application can remove some of the guesswork. PaintWorks is a company dedicated to offering it's clients the latest advances in paint products and ColorSnap Match is just one example.
When hiring a painting contractor it's comforting to trust the company has roots in the community and will be there in the future. From getting an estimate right through until the end of the project Paint Works works with clients to deliver a superior experience from start to finish. Their hardworking crews have been hand picked and trained to assure every client the highest level of professionalism and one of the many reasons PaintWorks has a loyal customer following.
A forward looking company, PaintWorks utilizes new innovations such as ColorSnap Match, a skilled professional crew and quality products for lasting results. Whether it's commercial, residential, interior, exterior, repaint or new project PaintWorks has many satisfied customers. No detail is overlooked and each employee is bonded while the company itself is licensed and insured for your peace of mind.
If you're thinking about selling your home or business a professional paint job is the easiest way to have it looking it's best, why not contact PaintWorks for a free estimate.
Paint Works LTD
2727 Hibbens Close
Victoria, BC
V8R-3T2
250-213-2309
