Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. They made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. They said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," they said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. They said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
Vancouver Whitecaps striker Fredy Montero looked like he'd scored a goal in their return to CenturyLink Field last week.
Seattle goalkeeper Stefan Frei had other ideas.
Frei made a wonderful save to turn away Montero's fantastic free kick attempt in the 37th-minute of Seattle's 3-0 win against Vancouver on Sept. 27, diving to their left and palming the former Sounder's 25-yard attempt off the crossbar and out of danger.
The stop won 50 percent of the MLS Save of the Week vote for Week 30, more than enough for Frei to take home the honors. Vancouver goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic finished second with 26 percent of the vote for a stop against Sporting KC, while Philadelphia's Andre Blake (10 percent), Montreal's Evan Bush (6 percent) and New York's Luis Robles (6 percent) rounded out the field.
Currently in fourth in the Western Conference, Seattle is off this weekend. They'll return to action next Sunday, Oct. 15 at home against FC Dallas.
Click here to watch all five Save of the Week nominees for Week 30.
By Farayi Machamire
The National Railways of Zimbabwe (NRZ) is relying on letters to communicate with train operators, risking derailment and collisions, board chairperson Larry Mavhima has told Parliament.
Giving oral evidence before the parliamentary portfolio committee on Transport on Monday, Mavhima said the ailing parastatal desperately needs $400 million to turn around its waning fortunes.
NRZ is currently saddled with a $176 million debt.
“Our infrastructure is now old,” Mavhima said.
“Our centralised train control system which we had to monitor the movement of our trains has since collapsed.
“With this system, we could monitor the speed of our trains and if they were in the right track?
“If not, those in the control centre would inform the operators to reduce speed and so forth. But this whole system collapsed. That's the truth.
“What we have now is a system that we originated, we can see where the train is, but we can't communicate with the operator,” Mavhima said.
“We can't determine what speed that train is moving at. Our workers are actually given letters, which say ‘go this way and when you reach that 20km peg slow down, from 40km an hour move now at 10km an hour because ahead rail is not straight and you could derail'. Some we give them this information but some forget and only recall when it's too late.”
Railroad signals may be of the searchlight, colour light, position light, or colour position light types, each displaying a variety of aspects which inform the locomotive engineer of track conditions so that they or they may keep their train under control and able to stop short of any obstruction or dangerous condition.
Mavhima said the spectre of derailments had become high by the heavy rains which had washed away track ballast — crushed stone which form the track-bed upon which railroad ties are laid.
This had left the railway line no longer straight, needing the train operator to negotiate the line at a very slow speed, Mavhima said.
The NRZ board chairperson bemoaned that State-owned firm had not had any meaningful injection of capital over the last 25 years, resulting in poor service delivery and failure to compete effectively.
NRZ currently owes its workers $99 million.
The parastatal's fleet of 166 locomotives is down to 60 and whose age is between 33 and 50 years against a useful life of 25 years.
Out of a fleet of 283 passenger coaches for different classes, only 106 are in use and these are in a very poor state.
“We are looking for a waiver of diesel import for locomotives to make our services as attractive as possible. Need for sovereign guarantee of up to $400m, in the event that a straight loan is secured.
“Everything is premised on the recapitalisation of NRZ and we cannot emphasize the need to shareholders (government) to take a proactive position in this endeavour,” Mavhima said.
Chairman of the Transport committee, Zanu PF Chegutu West legislator Dexter Nduna, said the parastatal needed to be innovative to raise revenue.
“ . . . you need to answer on what you got from 700 000 metric tonnes on grain importation. We need to know how much of that grain you transported.
“Of the 30 million raw chrome, how much of it is going to be transported by you?
“How much nickel are you transporting and how much are you generating?”
Mavhima said the board would return with the figures.
Last year, the volume of goods moved by NRZ tumbled to 2,8 million tonnes from 3,5 million in 2014. Daily News
By Whinsley Masara
A-26-year-old man is suspected to have been murdered and dumped in a disused 50-metre deep mine shaft in Fort Rixon.
Their friend only identified as Pepukai, told police they last saw the deceased Innocent Muteve being chased by two strangers on February 6.
Pepukai reported Muteve – an illegal miner from Gweru – missing on February 11.
Villagers told The Chronicle Muteve had a fight with unknown gold panners at Claremont Business Centre on February 6.
Matabeleland South acting police spokesperson Sergeant Thabani Mkhwananzi said police suspect Muteve could have been murdered.
“We suspect a man was murdered by two unidentified men in Fort Rixon after witnesses said they saw them in a violent encounter with them. It is alleged the unidentified men chased the deceased, disappearing into the dark and were never seen again.
“The odour of something decomposing in the shaft prompted people to report to police. Police attended the scene and a decomposing body was retrieved from a disused 50 metres deep mine shaft on February 12. A close friend identified them by their clothes,” they said.
Sgt Mkhwananzi said police are hunting for the two men who are suspected to have committed the murder.
“Police are appealing for information concerning the whereabouts of the two suspects. Anyone with information on those two men who were last seen chasing after the now deceased should contact the police,” they said.
A source who preferred anonymity said there was a misunderstanding between Muteve and one of the two unidentified men.
“The two men suddenly became violent. We didn't notice if they were armed but many of the illegal miners in this area are usually armed.
They chased after Innocent, disappearing into the dark.
“We didn't see them again. We thought nothing was amiss as these makorokozas always fight among themselves. We thought they had returned to their home in Gweru to lie low and avoid their violent attackers. One of us reported to police that they were missing,” they said. The Chronicle
Here's an idea: Hand your teenagers hundreds of dollars in one lump sum and leave it up to them to manage the money for the next, say, six to 12 months.
Anyone who's ever had or been a teenager may quail at the thought, but experts say this approach actually can work much better than a weekly allowance in teaching older kids about personal finance.
"It gives them that all-important experience of managing their money," says Janet Bodnar, former editor of Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine and author of "Raising Money Smart Kids." ''The key is that kids have responsibility to go along with the money."
The problem with weekly or even monthly allowances is that the cash simply comes too often. If your kid blows hers, they just has to wait a little while to get more. Less frequent lump sums, on the other hand, can teach teenagers how to plan and save for future expenses — two crucial habits they'll need to get ahead financially.
Adults who plan ahead for large, irregular expenses are 10 times more likely to be financially healthy than those who don't, according to a study by the nonprofit Center for Financial Services Innovation. Those who have a regular savings habit are four times more likely to be financially healthy.
Lump sums can teach teens the skills needed to develop those habits, says Ron Lieber, a personal finance columnist for The New York Times and author of the book "The Opposite of Spoiled."
Lump sums "train and test teens in self-restraint, in anticipating medium-term needs, in telling the difference between wants and needs, and in setting goals and priorities," Lieber says. "If you don't have more money coming for a while but a larger-than-usual pile in front of you, there will just be that many more and bigger tests of your will."
We switched to the lump sum approach two years ago, when our daughter was still in middle school. I totted up what we'd spent on clothes for them in the previous year, added in a 10 percent fudge factor and plunked the money into their savings account just in time for back-to-school shopping. We told them the money needed to cover their clothing purchases for the next year, and that it was up to them to make sure it lasted.
Which they did. They discovered their money went a lot farther at thrift and consignment stores than it did at the mall. They felt the pain of wasted money when an impulse purchase went unworn. They wrestled with whether to spend a huge chunk of their budget on Dr. Martens. (She eventually asked for them as their birthday present.)
The keys to making this work:
MAKE THE LUMP SUM BIG ENOUGH — BUT NOT TOO BIG. Skimping on the amount won't leave teens enough room to make choices, but giving too much means they won't face hard trade-offs. It's also important that the money be intended for necessities rather than "fun money." When our kids gets out in the real world, most of their paychecks won't be discretionary as they pay for rent, food, transportation, taxes and other needs.
KEEP TALKING. The real value in any kind of allowance is the opportunity it gives you to talk about money. Our daughter had to ask us when they wanted some of the clothing money transferred from savings to their checking account or prepaid card. That gave us a chance to talk about what they were learning, the challenges and choices they faced and our own experiences learning to handle money.
DON'T BAIL THEM OUT. What if they blow all their money in the first week, or outgrow their last pair of sneakers when their account is on fumes? Let them figure out a solution, such as getting a job or earning money doing extra chores, Bodnar advises.
"You need to stick to your guns, which is hard as a parent," they say.
If parents ride to the rescue, all the teenager learns is to look for the quick fix that avoids short-term pain. That kind of thinking leads to credit card debt, payday loans and repeated requests for bailouts even when they're adults. Better to take a hard line now than watch them fail later.
"Teens will flunk these tests regularly, and we should cheer, internally at least, when they do," Lieber says. "The more they mess up while they still live with us and the consequences are relatively mild, the better."
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet, a certified financial planner and author of "Your Credit Score." Email: lweston@nerdwallet.com . Twitter: @lizweston.
RELATED LINK:
NerdWallet: Are you financially healthy? https://nerd.me/financial-health-quiz
As fundraisers go, this is one of the sweetest around.
And it's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included. Cupcakes for animal welfare. And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends.
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as, well - cupcakes! In fact, we're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day, coming up fast Feb. 27, all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need.
Now in its fifth year, National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA, and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada.
In 2016, animal lovers across Canada raised over $615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies.
The campaign has raised $1.85 million to date.
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers, friends and family. Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host's choice in exchange for a cupcake! By doing so, you're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused, abandoned, neglected or no longer wanted.
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere, and on any date in February.
“National Cupcake Day is fun, delicious and, best of all, it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty,” says celebrity chef Anna Olson, host of the Food Network's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘Cupcake Crusader' for the campaign. “The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community, ensuring that their life-saving work continues.”
I can't add to that. I'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around.
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started. And follow the details on the sidebar if you're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day, too.
***
How you can get involved:
1. Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2. Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online.
3. Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends, family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts.
4. Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre, encouraging them to show their support by donating online.
5. Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home, work, school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes.
6. Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday, Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you.
7. Bake, decorate and eat!
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register, bake and donate.
Some sweet inspiration:
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section, or substitute frozen berries if you cannot source. Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario.
Cupcakes:
1 cup (250mL) all-purpose flour
1 tsp. (5mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) salt
1/3 cup (75mL) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (175mL) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp. (2 mL) vanilla
1/4 cup (60 mL) milk
3/4 cup (175mL) diced rhubarb (about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm)
Icing:
1/4 cup (60 mL) cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp. (15mL) butter, at room temperature
3 Tbsp. (45mL) strawberry jam
2 cups (500mL) icing sugar, sifted
2 tsp. (10mL) milk
Strawberry jam (optional)
Line a muffin pan with paper liners; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, using electric mixer, beat butter until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla and beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in flour mixture, alternating with milk, just until smooth. Stir in rhubarb. Using ice cream scoop or large spoons, spoon batter into prepared muffin pan, filling about 3/4 full.
Bake in 350F (180C) oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely.
ICING: In medium bowl, using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Beat in jam. Add icing sugar and milk; beat until very smooth. Spread icing over cooled cupcakes (or use piping bag). If desired, drizzle a bit of strawberry jam (thinned with a bit of water), over icing. Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) light brown sugar
3 eggs, separated
1 tsp (5mL) vanilla
1/2 tsp. (2mL) almond extract
1 cup (250mL) coarsely grated carrots (about 3 medium)
1-1/2 cups (375mL) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (125mL) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp. (5mL) baking soda
1/2 tsp. (2mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup (250mL) buttermilk
1/3 cup (75mL) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) icing sugar
2/3 cup (150mL) cocoa powder
1/4 cup (60 mL) buttermilk
1 tsp. (5mL) vanilla
Decoration:
Half pkg. (8 oz/227 g pkg) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer, beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) of brown sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, vanilla and almond extract; beat again. Stir in carrots. Set aside.
In large bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and nutmeg. Fold into butter mixture, alternate with buttermilk, making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Fold in chocolate chips.
In separate bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) brown sugar until stiff. Gently fold into batter until just blended. Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake in 375F (190C) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch. Let cool completely on rack.
ICING: In bowl, beat together butter, icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth. Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cooled cupcakes.
TOPPING: Knead marzipan to soften. Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange. Form into 12 small carrot shapes. Roll edge of small knife around each carrot, making light indentations. Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick; press fresh carrot greens (leaf) into hole.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind!
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups (375mL) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup (175mL) milk
1/4 cup (60mL) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups (250g) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp. (1mL) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F (190C) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper.
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp, flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking, about 8 minutes in total. Drain bacon on a paper towel, but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats. Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add pumpkin puree, milk, oil and egg and pulse until smooth. Add flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste.
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “puppy paw” shapes onto prepared trays. To do this, first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in. (36 mm) across, and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base, to maketoes. Bake treats for about 15 minutes, until they lift easily from tray. Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container.
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container (unrefrigerated) or they can be frozen indefinitely.
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The IRS says it's following President Donald Trump's executive order on health care by easing enforcement of the unpopular Obama-era requirement for people to have coverage or risk fines.
Trump directed federal agencies to ease the health law's rules after they took office.
An IRS spokesperson says the IRS had planned to start rejecting returns this year on which the taxpayer failed to indicate whether or not they had coverage.
But the IRS says it will keep processing such returns, as it has in the past.
Many of the law's supporters consider the coverage requirement essential for nudging younger, healthy people into the insurance pool to keep premiums in check.
The IRS says the requirement is still the law.
Matt and Zach talk about the football series between Wisconsin and Notre Dame, the impact of Jack Cichy's injury and whether they should try for a sixth-year of eligibility, and answer your Twitter questions.
1:35 to 4:01 — Notre Dame has struggled recently but it's still Notre Dame.
6:55 to 8:19 — Matchup would be more fun at Camp Randall and Notre Dame Stadium
8:41 to 12:57 — Alternate uniforms for Wisconsin/Notre Dame games
14:42 to 24:26 — Should Jack Cichy pursue a 6th year of eligibility? And Bernie talks about how they handled a season-ending injury their senior year.
27:54 to 28:51 — Bernie on the time a teammate crashed their moped and went flying through the window of a car.
34:29 to 46:51 — Twitter questions
Related
Comments
comments
LOS ANGELES – The losing of December carried into January. With a 123-114 loss to the Toronto Raptors on Sunday, the Lakers have lost 15 of their last 17 games. Along the way there have been ejections, flagrant fouls and injuries. Players have missed long stretches of games. Others have just missed defensive assignments. The slick offense of the season's first month has appeared in glimpses, only to be replaced by a less beautiful, more stagnant variation.
Some of this is bound to make Luke Walton angry.
But the first-year Lakers coach has remained even-keeled throughout a stretch that has been more trying than most would have anticipated. It's the sort of losing Walton was brought in to eliminate. Last year's Lakers started the season 2-15 (the Lakers record since Dec. 1) and in January and February endured a 2-18 stretch.
Whereas “man up” and “soft” were common refrains for Walton's predecessor, Byron Scott, Walton has eschewed tough love and remained positive. It was well documented throughout the preseason and start to the regular season, but that was before the real adversity kicked in.
“We're coaching this group knowing that we're trying to make them better,” Walton said Sunday, “and I feel like I can do a better job of that when I'm level headed. There are times that I think it's valuable to get a little stern with the guys and challenge them, but for the most part I'd like to do it with a level head.”
Behind closed doors, Walton insisted they have at times been more of a yeller than they show the public.
“There are times in the season I've lost my cool and gone after them more aggressively than I would have planned on,” they acknowledged.
To those who wonder if the Lakers, wallowing in this gulley, might benefit from a swifter kick to the behind than Walton seems to be giving them, a note of caution: It's more complicated than that.
In their first months on the job, Walton has tried to recognize which Lakers players respond best to patience and teaching, and who among them needs a stronger message.
It's never a blanket decision to yell or not to yell, they said.
“I know a group of our gys that don't respond well to getting on them at all,” Walton said, “and I know a group of the guys that normally play a lot better instantly when you get on them.”
Walton pointed to a sequence during Thursday's loss to Dallas as an example of a player responding positively. They chewed Julius Randle out on the bench, which, they said, seemed to motivate the young forward.
“I could see in their eyes they were mad, they were upset with me,” Walton said. “But they went out there and and I think got an and-one layup and was engaged in what we were still trying to do.”
Players held over from last year's 17-65 team might have a higher sensitivity to a more militant approach, after being subjected to Scott's notoriously difficult training camp. Practices were run with a drill sergeant's precision.
One player who clashed with Scott, D'Angelo Russell, said they can appreciate why Walton may need to crank up the intensity from time to time.
“If people aren't bringing it, you go positive as long as you can,” they said, “and then you've got to let people know and show by your emotion.”
Walton comes from a long line of more cerebral, patient coaches. They also recognize that they will have more luck by not constantly striking a single note. They have rarely berated players mid-game, preferring to save the rare tongue lashing for practices or in the locker room.
And they pay attention to who responds to what.
“You have to decide if you're ok with that,” Walton said, “or if you want to continue to challenge them in different ways.”
That means the guys with sensitive egos will still get screamed at from time to time.
“Just because they are one way doesn't mean we're going to let that be,” Walton said. “We're still going to work on getting to a point where they can handle any bit of adversity.”
Contact the writer: boram@scng.com
United States marshals on Wednesday served the former Michigan State University president Lou Anna K. Simon with a subpoena to compel them to testify before a Senate committee, a spokesperson for the committee said.
Dr. Simon, who resigned from Michigan State in January under pressure from the Lawrence G. Nassar sex abuse case, had voluntarily agreed to testify at the Senate committee's hearing on May 22 regarding sex abuse in sports. But that hearing was postponed to June 5 because several individuals asked to testify — including the former U.S.A. Gymnastics president Steve Penny — said they could not appear that day.
With the new hearing date approaching, Dr. Simon's lawyer refused to accept service of the subpoena on their behalf, so the marshals began looking for Dr. Simon, said the committee spokesperson, Frederick Hill. The marshals served them in Traverse City, Mich., on Wednesday afternoon.
Mr. Hill said Dr. Simon's lawyer was Mayer Morganroth. They could not be reached for comment.
Mr. Penny, who resigned from U.S.A. Gymnastics last year, was subpoenaed to testify next week and will appear at the hearing. Also scheduled to testify is Rhonda Faehn, who was the coordinator for the United States women's gymnastics team until being ousted last month as part of the organization restructuring. Ms. Faehn agreed to testify, without a need for a subpoena.
Bangladesh will play defending champions India in the second semifinal of the eight-nation ICC Champions Trophy at Edgbaston in Birmingham today (Thursday), reports UNB.
The match between the two sub-continent rivals will begin at 3:30pm Bangladesh time.
The Tigers qualified for the prestigious semifinal of any ICC event for the first time as Group A runners-up at the coffin of two times Champions Trophy winner and current World champions Australia, who made an early exist from the global meet after conceding a 40-run defeat to group champions England under DLS method on Saturday.
The previous best achievement of the Tigers in any ICC event was reaching the quarterfinal of the ICC World Cup 2015 after reaching the super eight stage of 2007 ICC World Cup in the West Indies eliminating giant India.
On the way to their semifinal berth, Bangladesh collected three points from three matches while holders India booked a seat for last four stage as Group B champions securing four points from three games with two wins and one loss against Sri Lanka.
Bangladesh eliminated New Zealand from the global event beating them by 5 wickets in their last group match where man of the match Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmudullah Riyad shared the Tigers' ODI record partnership of 224 runs in 34.5 overs, the Bangladesh highest partnership in any stand against any team in ODI.
Shakib and Mahmudullah made the historic partnership in the 5th wicket stand, the highest partnership in the 8th edition of the tournament and the 2nd highest in all editions of the Champions Trophy.
The highest partnership was 252 runs in 40.2 overs made by Ricky Ponting and Shane Watson in the unbeaten 2nd wicket stand for Australia against England in 2009.
In the last game against New Zealand, Shakib hammered 114 runs to make their 7th ODI ton while Mahmudullah, who scored back to back century in the last World Cup against England and New Zealand, hammered unbeaten 102 runs to make their 3rd ODI century, all in the ICC global events.
Tigers' previous highest ODI partnership was of a 178-run one in 21.4 in the 3rd stand between Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim against Pakistan in Dhaka in April 2015. Tamim and Mushfiqur hammered century each in the match scoring 132 and 106 runs respectively.
Bangladesh started their group campaign suffering an eight-wicket defeat against England in the tournament opener and shared match points with Australia in the rain-hit 2nd game.
Two times champions India started their campaign with a 124-run win against their arch-rival Pakistan under the DLS method while lost to Sri Lanka by 7 wickets in the 2nd game and confirmed the semifinal berth eliminating top seed South Africa by 8 wickets in their last group encounter.
Bangladesh secured five wins to 26 defeats against India in their previous 32 ODI meetings where remaining one match ended in no result.
Bangladesh squad: Mashrafe Bin Mortaza (captain), Imrul Kayes, Mahmudullah Riyad, Mehedi Hasan Miraz, Mosaddek Hossain, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mustafizur Rahman, Rubel Hossain, Sabbir Rahman, Shafiul Islam, Shakib Al Hasan, Soumya Sarkar, Sunzamul Islam, Tamim Iqbal and Taskin Ahmed.
India squad: Virat Kohli (captain), Ravichandran Ashwin, Jasprit Bumrah, Shikhar Dhawan, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Ravindra Jadeja, Kedar Jadhav, Dinesh Karthik, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Hardik Pandya, Ajinkya Rahane, Mohammed Shami, Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh and Umesh Yadav. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
The Green River City Council will meet for their regularly scheduled meeting at 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 18, 2017 at the City Council Chambers located within Green River City Hall. The Green River City Council meets at 7 p.m. on the first and third Tuesdays of every month, and City Council Workshops are held the second Tuesday of every month at 6:30
The meeting agenda is below and can also be found online at: http://www.cityofgreenriver.org/AgendaCenter/ViewFile/Agenda/04182017-189
The meeting packet can be found at: http://www.cityofgreenriver.org/AgendaCenter/ViewFile/Agenda/04182017-189?packet=true
Because Mr. Gokce has been doing this since 2002, the new restaurant, which opened three weeks ago, is not as much of a mess as you might expect. But it is still messy around the edges because they are now doing it in New York, a city filled with booby traps for the unwary newcomer.
Most of the chaos accumulates in drifts around the entrance, where hosts try cheerfully but often ineffectively to dispatch the hungry crowd to empty tables. One of my guests was late so I can't blame the restaurant for not seating us right away, but once we were all there we passed a strange half-hour at the bar. We felt invisible for a while, then suddenly three people in a row came and promised to find us a table right away, and then they each disappeared. For a long time the only thing that happened was that the bartender couldn't find the credit card I'd handed over when we'd arrived.
When it finally turned up inside a server's apron, I paid for two rounds of drinks for four people. This came to around $180, including a mandatory 18 percent service charge. This, sadly, is not far from the going rate for cocktails that are made painstakingly, but these weren't. The house old-fashioned, reportedly made with ginger syrup and Scotch, tasted like rye, sugar and water. Smoked Negronis, poured from a smoke-filled wine decanter, tasted as if they'd been burned.
Things looked up once we were led to the dining room, on the far side of an open kitchen fronted by a fully loaded meat case. In Turkey, Mr. Gokce gets their beef from a dedicated ranch. In Manhattan, like everybody else, they buy from Pat LaFrieda, supplemented by cuts from Master Purveyors in the Bronx.
Photo
I understood why there was so much meat on display when I saw the menu: It is almost all beef, start to finish. I'll admit to feeling relief on hearing they were all out of an appetizer called “meat sushi,” but I did like the tartare, chopped and jazzed up on a tableside cart by a nice waiter named Marco. They finished the job by sprinkling salt flakes from on high, in a pale imitation of the master's style. Poor Marco, I thought. It must be like having to open for Beyoncé when the only song you know is “Single Ladies.”
After two pleasant if unremarkable salads we were on to the “spaghetti steak,” strips of very tender seared steak gleaming with melted fat; we were encouraged to twirl the meat around our forks, like pasta.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This is cuckoo, it's going to melt in your mouth,” we were told, and it did. For sheer softness, though, it didn't hold a candle to the lokum. Named after Turkish delight, this is tenderloin in thin slices that are passed over the grill just long enough to mark them. I usually prefer steak that gives me something to chew on, but I was glad to be introduced to lokum.
Then we shared a cheeseburger, cut into quarters, and drippingly full of flavor. It would have been better on a fresher roll; it could have done without the potato sticks. The meat was hard to argue with, though.
Yet something was missing. Or, to be exact, someone.
And then they were there, at our table. They wore a snug, white T-shirt with a thin gold chain under the scoop-neck collar. Their black hair was pulled back in an abbreviated ponytail. Their eyes were hidden behind round reflective sunglasses. I wonder if they ever wishes he'd worn another outfit on the day “Ottoman Steak” was filmed. It is too late to turn back now. Without the scoop neck and the mirrored shades there is no Salt Bae, and Salt Bae was what everybody in the room had come too see.
Photo
The ritual of carving and salting our Ottoman steak proceeded exactly as I knew it would. No surprises, no speeches, no slips, although they did wear a latex glove in deference to local health codes. Mr. Gokce has only one move, but they perform it with total confidence, and as anybody who's ever been on a dance floor knows, that's enough. Somebody at the table captured the whole thing on video, and the four of us took our places as nodes on the global Salt Bae network.
Oh, we ate the steak, too. It was rare in patches and medium-rare in others, but apart from that it was terrific. The mashed potatoes were awful, but then Mr. Gokce has never pretended to be Spud Bae.
Much as I enjoyed meeting an obliging human meme, I was distracted by unwelcome thoughts all night. The most annoying one was money. The Ottoman steak is substantial, and $130 is not an unparalleled price for a rib-eye in New York. But the spaghetti steak and the lokum were each $70 for what I'd guess was about eight ounces of beef. The salads, a giant step down in appeal, cost $25 each; the clump of potatoes, like most of the other sides, was $15.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
One day, the prices will stay behind while Mr. Gokce leaves New York to salt other steaks and other laps. Without him, the dining room will be even stranger than it is now.
Dessert is the only course that suggests Mr. Gokce's homeland. There is only one sweet, an imported baklava baked in a round pan and sliced like pizza. Served in wedges, it is much better on its own than with a bland layer of stretchy Turkish ice cream sandwiched inside. With it, you can have a cup of Turkish coffee.
I like my Turkish coffee stronger and thicker, but the real missed opportunity here was that it had already been sweetened. Surely the moment calls for Sugar Bae.
Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.
President Donald Trump will welcome Wednesday world-class athletes, like Olympian Shauna Rohbock and baseball great Mariano Rivera to the White House for the Sports and Fitness Day as the Trump administration seeks to highlight the importance of youth sports participation.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
But Trump, who has claimed they are the “best athlete,” has struggled with their own personal fitness regimen.
Trump, 71, prefers hitting the golf links over hitting the gym. And even when spotted playing a round of golf, they typically employ an electric golf cart rather than walking the roughly four miles of a full course.
During a press conference following Trump's first physical as president in January, their then-personal physician Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson announced that the president was on board with a plan to modify their diet and exercise habits with an eye toward losing 10 to 15 pounds in the course of the year.
“He's more enthusiastic about the diet part than the exercise part, but we're going to do both,” Jackson said at the time, later adding: “Right now, on a day-to-day basis, they don't have a dedicated, defined exercise program. So that's what I'm working on.”
Five months later, as the White House now seeks to highlight the benefits of youth sports participation, questions about how the president's own physical fitness routine is going have so far gone unanswered.
When the question was posed to Ivanka Trump, their daughter, and advisor, during a call on Tuesday, reporters were informed that Ivanka Trump had already jumped off the call.
“Ivanka had to step out for another meeting but Holli [Richmond] is here to take the rest of your questions,” a junior press aide explained after a reporter inquired about their father's fitness routine.
Holli Richmond, the executive director of the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition, similarly referred questions to the White House press office.
ABC News' questions directly to the White House press office have so far gone unanswered.
Trump has also previously given voice to an unusual view of physical fitness, reportedly calling exercise “misguided” and “arguing that a person, like a battery, is born with a finite amount of energy,” according to biographers Mike Kranish and Marc Fisher in their book, “Trump Revealed.”
In their younger days, however, Trump was reportedly an accomplished athlete. They played baseball, basketball, and football at the New York Military Academy where they attended high school.
Trump even tweeted that they were “said to be the best bball [sic] player” in New York state. Trump said their high school coach Ted Dobias said they were the “best they ever coached.”
“I was always the best athlete, people don't know that,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview last year.
But, now, as president, what is publically known about their fitness activity consists almost exclusively of golf.
It's a shift from President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama, who both made time for daily workouts. Bush also enjoyed riding bikes as president and Obama was known to play basketball with their staffers.
While Trump might not be as athletic as they were decades ago, he's remained a devoted sports fan over the years, once owning a professional football team and counting professional athletes as friends.
One of those friends, New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick, is now co-chair of the White House Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition.
Other members of the council include volleyball player Misty May-Treanor, professional baseball player Mariano Rivera of the New York Yankees, and television physician Dr. Oz.
In a proclamation dubbing May as-as “National Physical Fitness and Sports Month,” Trump touted the benefits of exercise for people “of all ages.”
“Setting time aside each day to exercise improves both mental health and overall quality of life,” they said in a proclamation.
“When I'm up there speaking in front of 15,000, 25,000 people up there, using a lot of motion, I guess, in its own way it's a really healthy act," Trump told Dr. Oz on their show about speaking at political events. "I really enjoy doing it. A lot of times these rooms are really hot, like saunas. I guess that's a form of exercise."
With Wednesday's Sports Day event, the White House says it seeks to highlight and reverse a trend of declining youth participation in sports.
Among the activities planned, kids will get a chance to throw a football with former professional football player Herschel Walker, practice their baseball skills with Mariano Rivera, swing a golf club with Natalie Gulbis, and kick a soccer ball with Shauna Rohbock. These athletes, among others expected, have been named by Trump to sit on their Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition.
First lady Melania Trump is not expected to be in attendance, though Ivanka Trump will play a prominent role. On Tuesday, Ivanka Trump made the case that youth sports participation is linked to stronger earning potential later in life and decreases the chance of children being involved in crime.
“Studies have shown that children who participate in sports have greater self-discipline, higher self-esteem, and are better at working with others. Individuals who acquire these skills have proven that they can excel in the workplace and earn higher wages than their peers who did not engage in athletics according to a recent study,” Ivanka Trump said. “Similarly, students who participate in after-school sports are less likely to commit a crime or be a victim of a crime, or to suffer from mental or physical health problems.”
Ivanka Trump further contended that the challenge ahead is to break down “pay-to-play” barriers, the extra costs sometimes associated with participating in team sports that may prevent a low-income child from signing up for a sports team.
“We must break down barriers to youth sports participation,” Trump said, citing statistics showing that sports participation has decreased in recent years among economically disadvantaged students, and even more so among girls.
So what actions do the administration intend to take to reverse the trend?
The administration will take a four-phase approach to first increase awareness and identify barriers; second, promote public and private sector participation to develop an action plan; third develop metrics to measures success; and, finally, develop a local and national volunteer strategy, Richmond told reporters.
Surf's up in Santa Cruz. Swells are expected to reach up to 9 feet this weekend. Surfers have been frustrated by a lack of big waves this year."It's been flat. It's been pretty depressing most of the year. It (today) is the best day of the year," said Santa Cruz surfer Andrew Van Metre.The Rip Curl Grom Search National Final is Saturday. It brings the nation's best young surfers to Santa Cruz. They're grateful for the perfect timing of warm conditions and big waves."This weekend the conditions are supposed to be epic, so. Yeah, we're just really blessed and I'm really excited about this weekend," said 15-year-old Samantha Sibley of San Clemente. While the big waves are good for sufers, they can be dangerous for everyone else.A beach hazards statement has been issued through late Saturday night, warning of rip currents, sneaker waves and large shore break. Officials say don't go in after your pets. Most dogs will make it out of the water on their own.
Transcript for Northeast braces for winter blast, snow
I know you were invited. So much of the country we've been looking at is cold here but so many people are bracing for winter weather. Did you see the Buffalo bills game Sunday. Take a look at what it was like in the stands. You couldn't see in front of you so as a player I would have just defended the run. They can't throw the ball. Nobody can see it. Hearty fans there. Very hearty fans. They love the game. Speaking of being on the field, the colts were trying hard to clear a path for their kicker. Adam vinatieri. I think they had something like that in the past too. He's kind of used to that. Losing the game, though. That's hard. More now on the snow. It's on the way. Rob is here with all of that. Good morning, rob. Good morning, robin. Your next system diving down into Minneapolis. Crashes across Minneapolis and northern parts of Minnesota. Travel advisories out by the department of transport. The cold air in place. Frost advisory to lake okeechobee, sugar cane fields there and the northeast, this will bring a little snow and -- but really the cold air will be the main thing. Tomorrow morning it will feel like minus two in Chicago and by the time Wednesday morning rolls along single digits in New York City, the coldest of the season. Back to you. Thank you, rob.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BOULDER, Colo. , Oct. FreeWave Technologies, Inc. (www.freewave.com), a leader in industrial, secure Machine to Machine (M2M) and Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) wireless networking solutions, today announced it will be hosting a hands-on workshop titled, "How to Build Industrial IoT Apps." The workshop will take place at Galvanize Sanitas Event Space in Boulder, Colo. , on Friday, Oct. 13 from 8 a.m. 4 p.m. MDT . Attendees will learn how to build customized IIoT applications for industrial process control using FreeWave's ZumIQ App Server Software and the Node RED programming tool.
Registration is now open: (http://www.freewave.com/node-red-zumiq-workshop/).
Share this: .@freewavetech to lead #IIoT #AppDev Workshop on 10/13. Register today & learn how to make apps w/ ZumIQ & Node-RED: http://www.freewave.com/node-red-zumiq-workshop/
"We are excited to show attendees the power of the App programmable features offered on the ZumIQ App Server Software platform," said Scott Allen , CMO of FreeWave Technologies. "The workshop will give attendees an edge on building intelligent IIoT networks. They will learn how to develop basic applications with Node-RED that can streamline the monitoring and control of their network while using tools that enable connectivity and accessibility from anywhere."
The session will be led by Node-RED development expert Jonathan Hottell , SCADA Supervisor at EXCO Resources, Inc. Hottell has extensive experience building dynamic SCADA host systems for upstream and midstream oil and gas companies using platforms like Wonderware, ClearSCADA and Ignition. For those unable to attend the hands-on workshop, a portion of the workshop will be broadcast during a live webinar from 9-11 a.m. MDT . Register here for the live webinar: (http://www.freewave.com/event/zumiq-node-red-webinar/).
Those who wish to better understand the power of ZumIQ & Node-RED can download a free Automated Monitoring System (AMS) from FreeWave's GitHub site: (https://github.com/FreeWaveTechnologies/ZumIQ).
About ZumIQ
ZumIQ technology combines proven 900 MHz wireless telemetry with the ability to program and host third-party applications, similar to a Linux-based Raspberry Pi embedded in an industrial Ethernet radio. Developers can program with any language that is compatible with a Linux kernel, including: Python, Java, C++, Node-RED and Node.js development environments. ZumIQ App Server Software comes pre-loaded with Node-RED, Python and MQTT for easy industrial IoT App development on multiple ZumLink 900 Series radio models (http://www.freewave.com/products/zumlink-900-series/).
FreeWave is also hosting a ZumIQ pilot program designed to support the development of industrial applications. To participate in or find out more about the program, please visit: (http://www.freewave.com/zumiq-pilot-program/).
About FreeWave Technologies
FreeWave Technologies (www.freewave.com) is a leading provider of wireless Machine to Machine (M2M) solutions that deliver reliable access to data for leading companies in the industrial Internet of Things (IoT) markets. As the #1 provider of wireless IIoT to the oil and gas industry, FreeWave's fast, flexible and easy-to-deploy solutions streamline connectivity over long distances to also create significant operational efficiencies for government, defense and UAV/Drone contractors, agriculture equipment manufacturers, energy and smart grid networks, municipalities and more. With 20-plus years of experience in the M2M market and millions of radios deployed in the field, customers repeatedly turn to FreeWave to maximize their value in connecting M2M devices to optimize real-time decision making.
Media Contact:
Terri Douglas Catapult PR-IR tdouglas@catapultpr-ir.com (303)-581-7760
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/freewave-technologies-to-host-industrial-iot-application-development-workshop-featuring-zumiq-app-server-software-and-node-red-programming-300532677.html
SOURCE FreeWave Technologies
http://www.catapultpr-ir.com $page_length='long'; ?>
In low-lying parts of Livingston Parish, flood waters from the persistent east wind are slowly d ropping, but just to be on the safe side, Fire District #4 has sand on hand for anyone needing sandbags.
"We typically keep some sand at the stations year round," said Chief James Wasom.
It's why sand is on hand at fire stations 1, 3, 6, and 9 with bags and shovels available as well.
RELATED: Sandbags available in advance of potential flooding
Chief Wasom says they're starting with a certain amount of sand at four different stations across Livingston Parish and can get more if needed. "Right now, we're not getting any calls for sand. There's really nothing going on at this time, but we are prepared," said Wasom.
During last year's August flooding, the fire department only had one high water vehicle. This time though, they have two more, providing them with three high water rescue vehicles if they're needed.
The chief says last year's flooding taught them many lessons, including having enough sand on hand. This time though, they say the parish has backup ready as needed. "This part of Walker is one of the lower sections of town. We've had issues with water for a while," said Jack Summerell, who lives in Walker.
Summerell is referring to Magnolia, Colyell, and Red Oak Drives in the City of Walker. They say their home took on 2.5 feet during the August flood, but that's because their home is raised. They say it was much higher in the street.
This time though, they do not think they will even need any sandbags. "They're talking about a 5 inch rain, 10 inch rain. I don't really think it's going to be necessary," said Summerell.
When it comes to predicting Mother Nature, that's anyone's guess. It's why Livingston Parish officials say they're ready well ahead of time just in case.
Livingston Parish Fire Department has an app you can download to give you alerts on sandbags or any other alerts. Just search "Livingston Fire" in the app store.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
By Mugove Tafirenyika
The political dynamics playing out in Zimbabwe took another intriguing twist on Tuesday when ex-president Robert Mugabe not only smoked a peace pipe with their former deputy, Joice Mujuru, but also promised to back their presidential bid.
Mugabe met Mujuru at their ‘‘Blue Roof'' mansion in the leafy suburb of Borrowdale, Harare, on Tuesday for the first time since they broke ranks in December 2014.
It was also the first time Mugabe has met an opposition party leader since the expiry of the unity government in June 2013 in which Zanu PF shared power with two MDC formations led by former prime minister Morgan Tsvangirai and Arthur Mutambara.
Insiders in Mujuru's party — the National People's Party (NPP) — told the Daily News yesterday that Mugabe, who initiated the meeting, offered their unqualified support to their former deputy in the forthcoming elections, where Zanu PF leader Emmerson Mnangagwa will be seeking their first full mandate as head of State and government.
Mnangagwa ascended to the throne through a soft military coup of November 14 that led to the forced resignation of their predecessor who had been isolated from their allies in the Generation 40 (G40) faction of Zanu PF.
NPP insiders said the meeting sent a clear message to Mugabe's die-hard supporters that the 93-year-old ex-guerrilla leader was not for the “new dispensation” and was throwing their weight behind Mujuru.
They said Mugabe also sent a pointed but subtle message to their supporters to shift their allegiance to Mujuru, whose rivalry with Mnangagwa could be traced as far back as the 1990s when their husband Solomon Mujuru and Mnangagwa competed for Mugabe's ear until their passing in a suspicious inferno in August 2011.
During the meeting, NPP insiders claimed the toppled president apologised for unfairly dismissing Mujuru in 2014, and blamed Mnangagwa for misleading them into believing that Mujuru wanted to topple them when in fact they were pursuing their own political agenda.
“They met and it was at Mugabe's invitation. One of the reasons was to say sorry for everything that happened to them and that they had acted on incorrect briefings from Mnangagwa,” an NPP national executive member said.
The NPP official said Mujuru told Mugabe that despite all that they have gone through, they harboured no hard feelings towards him.
While Mujuru's spokesperson Gift Nyandoro was not keen to disclose details of their meeting to the media, NPP's deputy national organising secretary Paddington Japajapa told the Daily News that Mugabe had pledged their full support for Mujuru's presidential campaign.
“The meeting took place at Mugabe's residence so it is all systems go. G40 members are coming on board; former first lady Grace Mugabe loves the idea, and so is Saviour Kasukuwere and others who are also ready to help the Mujuru campaign financially,” Japajapa said.
“We do not care who they are and where they are coming from as long as they bring in votes — that is what we are excited about as a party. Let us see how it pans out but this is a real game-changer — I tell you.”
Although Mujuru was not immediately available for comment, they confirmed meeting Mugabe to Voice of America (VOA).
“I spoke to them on Tuesday. We discussed how they were lied to when they accused me,” they said.
“He is at their home; they are not happy with what happened to them which they said is not constitutional.  They are surprised that the gun that we always knew as being led by politics is the one leading, why?” Mujuru told VOA.
“I also spoke to Grace, who also said they were misinformed by people who had realised that I was about to take over as president.”
“I was happy when they called me and I grabbed the opportunity,” they said.
They also claimed Mugabe's wife, Grace, admitted during their meeting that they plotted their ouster from Zanu PF and government over petty gossip.
Mujuru said Grace now regrets having been ill-advised.
Mujuru revealed when they were ousted from Zanu PF, it had been alleged that their plan was to seize power and “reform Zanu PF the Magufuli way and we had already started so that is what they did not want,” they said.
Nicknamed “the Bulldozer” for their strict leadership style, Tanzanian president John Magufuli has won praise for their tough anti-corruption fight.
Magufuli's opponents, however, accuse them of cracking down on dissent and limiting democratic space.
They have denied the allegations, saying they were not a dictator.
The drive to root out corruption in Tanzania has felled ministers, the head of government's anti-graft body, the tax chief and thousands of civil servants.
Ironically, Mujuru was assaulted by suspected Zanu PF youths as they met their supporters in the capital on Thursday, less than 48 hours after their meeting with Mugabe.
The rumour mill has gone into overdrive, claiming Zanu PF was already running scared and that the attack was meant to intimidate Mujuru who has extended an olive branch to members of the G40 faction which was targeted by the military operation code-named Operation Restore Legacy.
One of the think-tanks in the G40 faction took to Twitter yesterday to hint that Mujuru and Mugabe's meeting was “a game changer.”
“Joice Mujuru attacked by #coup soldiers after their game changing meeting with president Mugabe,” Jonathan Moyo, who is currently in self-imposed exile, tweeted yesterday.
United Kingdom-based political analyst Alex Magaisa described the development as “intriguing given the political context.”
“He was brutal when they sacked them four years ago and this would have been their first meeting since then – united in the cold. Could this signal a renewed alliance between Joice and the man they calls ‘father'?” Magaisa wrote on their Twitter account.
Magaisa noted that the alliance, if it materialises, could spell doom for Mnangagwa's presidential bid.
They said Mugabe still commands a significant following in the country hence the alliance could work in Mujuru's favour.
“For all their faults, and despite the fake cheers at rallies, Mugabe surely had people who idolised him? In 1980, Muzorewa's supporters went underground but they had managed 220 000 votes at the election. Could there be Mugabe supporters out there who will back whoever they back?
“If so, this front could prove to be a headache for Mnangagwa and their team. But would Mujuru forgive their treatment in 2014 at the hands of Mugabe's wife, Grace and their cabal? Then again, there are no permanent friends or enemies in politics.
“This election could prove to be more fascinating and interesting than the damp squib it was threatening to be. It could turn out to be Zanu A v Zanu B v MDC United v Others!”
Mugabe expelled Mujuru from Zanu PF and government in December 2014 on untested allegations of plotting to unseat him.
Mujuru (62) had deputised Mugabe for 10 years, having joined their government at independence in 1980 as the youngest Cabinet minister.
After several months of pondering about their future, Mujuru caused a major political ripple when they emerged from their shell in March 2016 to head the Zimbabwe People First (ZPF).
They dumped ZPF months later after it got enmeshed in power struggles and formed NPP, whose campaign for the forthcoming poll is based on the promise to revive the economy and repair strained relations with the West.
Mujuru will stand at the polls as NPP's presidential candidate.
It, however, still remains to be seen if the meeting of minds between them could derail a resurgent Mnangagwa whose political stock is rising daily on the back of their strong push to revive the country's economy and reintegrate Zimbabwe among the community of nations. Daily News
They also met this reporter in their Upper East Side hotel room, wearing a red Valentino empire waist minidress with Dior motorcycle boots. Ms. Wasser, 49, said their site was not designed for everyone.
If your spouse comes home every day and beats you, they said, “this isn't for you.” Instead, they said, it's for people who think they can agree on how to divide what they've amassed together and who want control over the process. “Nobody knows our kids, our life, our finances better than we do,” they said. “So why don't we try to figure this out?”
Ms. Wasser, who has practiced family law for 23 years and is a divorced mother herself, said they were inspired to create It's Over Easy after writing their book “It Doesn't Have to Be That Way: How to Divorce Without Destroying Your Family or Bankrupting Yourself ” (2013), which advocated less-expensive, less-contentious divorces.
After receiving a positive response from readers, they thought: “Let's hit the market. Couples today date online and bank online. They don't mind putting in their assets and liabilities into a computer. They're do-it-yourselfers. If they can buy an espresso maker online, they can get divorced online.”
 They are not the first to this concept. LegalZoom has offered a divorce platform called Wevorce since 2012. But it lacks the star power of Ms. Wasser, who is frequently featured in tabloid magazines as well as in Vogue for their high-stakes settlements and association with famous people. The new site, however, is intended to both democratize and civilize the experience, said Jake Stango, 39, the C.E.O. of It's Over Easy and a divorced father.
“In traditional divorces, there's a fear that your partner has a better attorney than you do,” they said. “This is gender agnostic. It's something for everyone to use. And we've taken out the sense of competition.”
It's Over Easy offers four pricing tiers, starting with a free trial, during which users can answer questions needed to generate forms, but not download them — allowing the curious to fantasize online, completing net-worth statements after they get into snits.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Once Mr. Divorce Dreamer can take it no longer, they send an email invitation to their spouse to join the site: less jarring, perhaps, than sending a process server to their barre class. “Working with your spouse makes divorce much easier,” the online form states. “For example, issues related to kids and division of community property require that your spouse mutually agree to the terms in order to file your final judgment.” You can also include personalized messages to your soon-to-be-ex.
It's Over Easy's Basic level ($750) offers downloadable forms, a co-parenting calendar and child- and spousal-support calculators. On the Pro level ($1,500 plus state filing fees) the site serves the petition, files forms for one spouse and offers a 30-minute phone consultation for one person with a family-law consultant. Premium ($2,500 plus state filing fees) files for both spouses and offers 90 minutes of consulting, and unlimited email support. The consultants do not provide legal advice, but they answer questions related to the platform.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
If a user wants more information about “Kids,” “Have/Owe” or “Make/Spend,” they can click on a video featuring Ms. Wasser, filmed wearing designer clothing in luxurious interiors. “Custody is based on your children's best interests,” they say from a child's bedroom.
In their New York hotel room, Ms. Wasser said the site amounted to virtual mediation. (Mediators, who typically charge far less than lawyers, have been making incursions into divorce resolution since at least the early 1980s.) “In mediation it's one unbiased person telling you the law,” Ms. Wasser said. “Our unbiased person is the artificial intelligence in the computer or somebody to talk to.”
Melanie Jacobson, 44, is a schoolteacher living in South Pasadena, Calif., who joined It's Over Easy in the summer. Them husband of 15 years said they wanted a divorce in January 2017, moved out the next day and then did nothing to initiate the legal proceedings.
In February 2017 Ms. Jacobson visited a mediator. “I nearly died when I found out how expensive it was,” they said. “It was a $5,000 initial fee. I thought, Maybe I can't afford to get divorced.”
An acquaintance of Ms. Wasser, Ms. Jacobson reached out about their situation, and got a free account last summer. As a beta tester, they interacted directly with Mr. Stango. “A couple times when I stalled making progress, Jake would send me an email and it was the nudge that I needed,” they said. “He had this analogy: ‘The next step is as easy as doing an Amazon order.' I thought, I've got this. I wanted someone to hold my hand and say, ‘Do this.' Someone I could trust to break it into bite-sized pieces.”
(Her spouse declined to be interviewed on the record.)
Ms. Jacobson's favorite part of the site is the progress tracker: a yellow series of icons that shows the percentage of progress made in each category, from Basic Info to “The Deal,” as if losing weight on a diet. “I used to laugh at conscious uncoupling,” Ms. Jacobson said. “But now I understand the concept of trying to undo something meaningful in a respectful way. This allows us to do it in a financially feasible way.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jonathan, 50, a small-business owner in the Sherman Oaks section of Los Angeles, who did not want to give their last name because they own a business with their soon-to-be-ex, is a few months away from their divorce. (California has a mandatory six-month waiting period.)
They and their wife of 19 years have two children and two homes. They met another man, and after trying what they call a “love triangle” Jonathan decided they should split. Then it was a matter of how to do it.
“‘The War of the Roses' divorce was not for me,” they said. They too visited a mediator, but their wife didn't show up to the appointment, instead calling in by phone. A longtime friend of Ms. Wasser, they signed up.
They liken the site to California's online defensive-driving classes. “You can't rush through it,” they said. “You have to put a level of effort in.”
They also wanted a divorce that wouldn't be drawn out and thought the platform would be faster than lawyers or mediators. “I'd like to date again,” they said. “There are women telling me they won't date me until I'm divorced. I want to live my life.”
It's Over Easy offers a directory to paying users with listings for movers, health-insurance brokers, child therapists and more. “You need people to help you rewrite your will,” Ms. Wasser said, “in case you die in probate. You need self-tanners so you can get ready to date again, and co-parenting counselors to tell you how to handle parent-teacher conferences.”
So far there have been two completed divorces (both in California), with others awaiting processing by the court. The spring may bring a new wave of customers eager to be divorced by the end of the calendar year: any payer of spousal support who completes a divorce after Dec. 31, 2018, will no longer be able to claim the support as a deductible expense, thanks to the new tax bill.
Lest one think the site's primary market will be millennials with no children or significant assets, on its first day 30 percent of users were 35 to 44, according to analytics provided by the company, and 22 percent were 45 to 54. A quarter were 25 to 34.
Still, some are wondering if the generation that has embraced Netflix and Tinder really needs another disincentive to staying in it for the long haul.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“People ask if I'm a divorcemonger,” Ms. Wasser said. “I say, ‘Nobody is going to hear about It's Over Easy and get divorced because there's a good online platform. Divorce is happening. I'm making it easier.”
Zareen reveals their crush on Pakistani cricketer
Bollywood actor Zareen Khan has recently met Pakistani cricketer Shahid Afridi in an cricketing event in Dubai and reveals that they have the ‘biggest crush' on the Pakistani star ever since they started their cricketing career.
Zareen is a celebrity ambassador of the team ‘Pakhtoons' in an upcoming 10-overs per-side T10 Cricket League. During the launch ceremony, the Bollywood actor said they have a huge crush on former Pakistani cricketer and this is the main reason they are supporting this franchise.
Talking about Afridi, Zareen said, “I have been a fan of Afridi from the very first day they had played their match, I think they were 16 and scored 100 runs on 32 or 35 balls. I was an admirer of their hair and their looks”. They also added that meeting Afridi is a dream come true.
United Arab Emirates is soon to introduce a new cricket format called T-10 league, which will include Shahid Afridi, India's Virender Singh, Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara and England's Eoin Morgan in the tournament, set to take place in December.
Getty Image
What if I told you that a certain Cavaliers guard had a theory about the world and that it went against fundamental scientific principles that the majority of rational, thinking humans have long accepted as fact? Now what if I told that it was someone other than Kyrie Irving?
That's right, trade deadline acquisition Jordan Clarkson has apparently been thinking a lot about the dinosaurs, and he's formulated a “big” idea about human history that you have to hear to believe.
Clarkson, and teammate Larry Nance Jr., recently joined the Road Trippin' podcast with Allie Clifton and Randy Mims (aka DJ Montage), where they laid out their belief that humans and dinosaurs once coexisted on Earth, only in a dynamic similar to how we live today alongside our domesticated pets.
Sam Miletic may be a former Knight, but they still know their way around the board
In their case, the chosen field of battle is a hockey rink; specifically, ice surfaces of the 20 teams competing in the Ontario Hockey League.
More often than not, the newest member of the Niagara IceDogs, or their passes to linemates Ben Jones and Kirill Maksimov, have been exactly where they needed to be on those boards.
Since being acquired from the London Knights at the trade deadline for over-age players, Miletic has failed to earn at least a point only twice. They didn't make a name for themselves on the scoresheet in a 6-2 loss to the Barrie Colts and, along with everyone else in the Niagara lineup, in a 6-0 setback to the Kitchener Rangers.
Miletic attributed an almost seamless transition to IceDog from Knight to the Niagara organization and their teammates, Jones and Maksimov in particular.
“The coaches are really great here, and they transitioned me really well,” they said before the IceDogs took the ice for a road game Friday night against the Ottawa 67's.
“My linemates helped me out a lot, they made it real easy.”
The line began clicking, and making life difficult for opposing defences, almost from their first time on the ice together.
“We all like to shoot the puck, we get a lot of shots on net,” Miletic said. “I think last game we had 25 to the line on net.
“When you're shooting that much and getting pucks on net, good things are going to happen.”
The linemates, all team-first players, care more about the standings than their scoring stats. They don't differentiate between goals and assists, Miletic, at 20 the elder skatesman of the trio, said.
“We don't really care about who gets the shot on net, which as long as we get it and it goes in.”
Friday night in Ottawa, Miletic scored a goal and collected in assist in a 6-5 loss to the 67's
Johnny Corneil and Thomas netted power-play goals and Billy Constantinou even-strength markers to round out the scoring for Niagara.
The IceDogs outshot their hosts 36-32 and finished the game 2-for-6 on the power play. Ottawa was 1-for-4 with the man advantage.
Stephen Dhillon allowed six goals on 27 shots before being replaced by Colton Incze who stopped seven shots the rest of the way.
As one of three over-agers on the IceDogs, along with Corneil, the team captain, and Adrian Carbonara, also formerly with London, Miletic is also being counted on to a mentor to the younger players on the team.
Far from being extra pressure, they consider the chance to “pay back” a privilege.
“I don't know if it's pressure, I think it's mostly guys enjoy helping the young guys out,” Miletic said. “Obviously, if you've been in the league for a little longer, you're older, you're more of an adult and you know how things work and what not to do.”
They recalled that leaders on their first Knights team, including Mitch Marner, were “extremely helpful.”
“They kind of took me under their wing and showed my the ropes.”
The Pittsburgh Penguins prospect's accomplishments in their first nine games with the IceDogs – eight goals and seven assists – and their overall offensive output last month – 12 goals, 13 assists – in 13 games have not gone unnoticed. They were named the league's player of the month for January, the first IceDog to receive the honour this season.
The native of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., a Detroit suburb, came into weekend fourth in OHL scoring with 24 goals, 45 assists for 69 points in 44 games.
Miletic, selected 295th overall by the Knights in the 15th round of the 2013 OHL Priority Selection, has scored goals, collected 74 assists for 138 in 144 OHL career games.
Before coming to Niagara, they spent parts of three seasons in London.
During the off-season Miletic, a free agent, agreed to a three-year, entry-level NHL contract offered by the Penguins.
Last night's game was the fourth meeting in league play between the Eastern Conference rivals since the beginning of the 2017-18 season. Niagara rebounded from a 1-0 overtime loss in the series opener at Meridian by taking the next two, 3-2 at home and 3-0 in Ottawa.
The IceDogs, who earned five of a possible six points in three games last week, returned to the ice as the hotter of the two clubs. They were 5-3-1-1 in their last 10 games; the 67's, 3-2-4-1.
Entering Friday action, Niagara was tops in the Central Division and second in the conference with a 26-14-4-3 record, while Ottawa, 19-21-5-3, was fourth in the Eastern Division.
The IceDogs complete an eastern Ontario road trip Saturday night when they take on the Kingston Frontenacs.
Kingston, 25-16-4-3, lead the season series with Niagara two wins to one. Both of the Frontenacs' wins – 4-2, 8-3 – were in St. Catharines, with the IceDogs winning their game 3-1 on the road.
Four games are on Niagara's schedule in the coming week. After visiting Kitchener Tuesday, they host the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds two nights later before playing back-to-back road games against the Sarnia Sting, Saturday; and Windsor Spitfires, Sunday.
'Dog Biscuits: Left winger Oliver Castleman, 18, of Gloucester, now part of Ottawa, has eight goals and nine assists for 17 points in 46 games with the IceDogs ... Niagara sophomores Akil Thomas, right wing, and defenceman Justin MacPherson were ranked 10th and 163rd, respectively, in the NHL Central Scouting Services mid-term rankings of skaters eligible to be selected in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft June 22-23 in Dallas.
bfranke@postmedia.com
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Kyle Guy scored 22 points and No. 2 Virginia held off hot-shooting Louisville to win its 13th straight, 74-64 on Wednesday night.
Ty Jerome added 16 points and Devon Hall 12 for the Cavaliers (21-1, 10-0 Atlantic Coast Conference). Virginia's start is its best in ACC play since the 1980-81 team won its first 12 games. The winning streak is its longest since winning 19 in a row to begin the 2014-15 season.
Ray Spalding scored 16 points and Deng Adel had 15 points for the Cardinals (16-6, 6-3). Louisville made nine of 10 shots at one point down the stretch, closing to within 62-57 on a long 3-pointer by Ryan McMahon with 3:44 left, but Jerome answered with back-to-back 3s for the Cavaliers.
The victory gave Virginia a three-game lead in the conference.
BIG PICTURE
Louisville: The Cardinals continue to have trouble with Virginia's Pack-Line defense, even while shooting 50 percent (25-50). They committed 13 turnovers and were outscored 22-6 off those mistakes. The loss was also the fifth straight for Louisville against Virginia, and sixth in seven games since the Cardinals joined the ACC.
Virginia: A three-game suspension for reserve guard Nigel Johnson provided a rare opportunity for first-year student Marco Anthony and they made the most of it, hitting a pair of 3-pointers and scoring 10 points in 18 minutes. It was only the fourth ACC game that Anthony has gotten into and their point total doubled their career high. They scored five against Savannah State on Dec. 19.
UP NEXT
Louisville is at home against Florida State on Saturday.
Virginia is on the road at Syracuse on Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A UCF football player may have to choose between continuing to play college football and building their brand on YouTube.
Sophomore kicker Donald De La Haye said in a video they may have to decide whether to remain with the Knights football team or pursue their passion as a YouTube personality after meeting with the school's compliance office last week. They could be violating NCAA rules by receiving money from the advertising revenue off their YouTube videos that chronicle their life as a college student and as a college football player.
De La Haye has nearly 56,000 subscribers on YouTube and their latest video detailing their battle to keep their channel going had 113,042 views as of Wednesday afternoon. YouTube pays video creators a percentage of the ad revenue profits.
De La Haye, who could not be reached for comment on Wednesday, discussed their dilemma in their most recent YouTube video posted on Monday.
“Some people upstairs aren't happy with my videos and they like I'm in violation of NCAA rules and whatnot,” De La Haye said in the video. “I don't understand but who am I to say what is in the rulebook and what is not.”
The school released a vague statement Wednesday, leaving it unclear whether De La Haye can continue publishing their videos.
“UCF athletics is committed to rule compliance,” the statement read. “Our compliance staff strives to make sure our student-athletes are informed about all pertinent NCAA bylaws.”
A person with knowledge of the situation said that De La Haye was not told in last week's meeting that they have to discontinue making the video. The person was told the meeting was the first in a series of discussions that the player will have with the compliance office. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because details of the meeting with De La Haye have not been publicly released.
The NCAA referred all comments to UCF, saying that it has not received a waiver from the school in regards to the matter.
NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from profiting from their likeness or status as student-athletes because it violates amateur guidelines. NCAA bylaw 12.4.4 regarding self-employment states a student-athlete may establish their or their own business, provided the student-athlete's name, photograph, appearance or athletics reputation are not used to promote the business.
De La Haye, a marketing major, said in that video posted Monday that they created the channel as a way to further their career. They went on to say it is means to make a little extra money, money the Costa Rica native said their family needs.
“Basically, I'm not allowed to make any money off my YouTube videos,” they said. “So I'm working hard – basically like a job filming, editing, creating ideas – and I'm not allowed to make any money. And if I do bad things will happen.”
De La Haye, who seems to have a huge personality in the videos they create, begins the video discussing their dilemma and an impending meeting with a school compliance worker in between taking bites of a hamburger. With a use of a time lapse element, later in the 10:39 video they discuss the meeting with the compliance worker and they say they are disappointed with the decision they believe they must now make.
“I feel like they are making me pick between my passion and what I love to do, make videos, entertain and be creative and my other passion playing football,” said De La Haye, a kickoff specialist who appeared all 13 of the Knights games last season. “I've really got some decisions to make and not a lot of time to make those decisions.”
—
More college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org
Comments
comments
TORONTO — CIBC's direct banking brand Simplii Financial has joined BMO in offering free credit monitoring for tens of thousands of customers whose personal and financial information may have been accessed by "fraudsters."
A CIBC spokesperson says the bank is replacing affected clients' bank cards and taking additional steps to monitor and protect the approximately 40,000 Simplii clients who may have been impacted by the breach.
BMO said yesterday it was offering free credit monitoring, and will additionally block online and mobile access to accounts of those affected, which the bank believes is fewer than 50,000.
Both banks are also vowing to return 100 per cent of any money lost by impacted customers through the incident.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sales of existing single-family homes in Washoe County decreased by 4 percent from a year ago and 19 percent down from the previous quarter, according to a report released April 11 by the the Reno/Sparks Association of Realtors (RSAR).
In the first quarter of 2017, the report showed Washoe County had 1,285 sales of existing single-family homes, a 4 percent decrease from last year and a 19 percent decrease from the previous quarter. The report listed the median sales price for an existing single family residence in Washoe County in the 2017 first quarter at $315,000; an increase of 9 percent from last year and a 2 percent increase from the fourth quarter of 2017.
"The Reno Market remains a seller's market," said John Graham, 2017 RSAR president and a Realtor with RE/MAX Premier Properties. "Affordability and inventory are the cornerstones of a real estate market. With the active inventory at about half of what is normal for the Reno market to give buyers choices, prices are affected."
The median sales price of existing condominium/townhomes in Washoe County in the first quarter of 2017 was $157,250; a decrease of less than 1 percent from a year ago.
During March 2017, the report showed Washoe County had 536 sales of existing singlefamily homes; an increase of 39 percent from February 2017 and a decrease of 7 percent from March 2016. The report listed the median sales price for an existing single family residence in Washoe County in March 2017 at $319,450; an 8 percent increase from last year and a less than 1 percent increase from the previous month.
The median sales price of existing condominium/townhomes in Washoe County in March 2017 was $184,500; an increase of 30 percent from last year.
Reno, including North Valleys, had 844 sales of existing single family homes during the first quarter; an increase of less than 1 percent from last year and an 18 percent decrease from the fourth quarter of 2016. The median sales price in Reno for an existing single family residence in the first quarter of 2017 was $327,000; an increase of 7 percent from last year and a 3 percent increase from the previous quarter.
The existing condominium/townhome median sales price in Reno for the first quarter of 2017 in Reno was $175,000; an increase of 4 percent from last year.
In March 2017, Reno, including North Valleys, had 356 sales of existing single family homes; a decrease of 4 percent from last year and a 38 percent increase from February 2017. The median sales price in Reno for an existing single family residence in March 2017 was $333,000; an increase of 9 percent from March 2016 and a 1 percent increase from the previous month.
The existing condominium/townhome median sales price for March 2017 in Reno was $188,750; an increase of 20 percent from last year.
Sparks,including Spanish Springs, had 441 sales of existing single family homes in the first quarter; a decrease of 10 percent from last year and a 20 percent decrease from the previous quarter. The Sparks median sales price for an existing single family residence in the first quarter of 2017 was $287,000; an increase of 4 percent from last year and a 1 percent increase from the fourth quarter of 2016.
The existing condominium/townhome median sales price for 2017's first quarter in Sparks was $144,500; an increase of 23 percent from last year.
The March 2017 report showed Sparks, including Spanish Springs, experienced 180 sales of existing single family homes; a decrease of 14 percent from March 2016 and a 43 percent increase from the previous month. The Sparks median sales price for an existing single family residence in March 2017 was $288,500; a 3 percent increase from last year and a 4 percent decrease from the previous month.
The existing condominium/townhome median sales price for March 2017 in Sparks was $152,500; an increase of 28 percent from last year.
The 2017 first quarter report showed Fernley had 104 sales of existing single family homes; with a 7 percent decrease from the same time last year and an 18 percent decrease from 2016's fourth quarter. The median sales price in Fernley for an existing single family residence in 2017's first quarter was $203,150; a 20 percent increase from last year and a 3 percent increase from the previous quarter.
The March 2017 report indicated that Fernley had 39 sales of existing single family homes; a decrease of 17 percent from last year and a 56 percent increase from the previous month. The median sales price in Fernley for an existing single family residence in March 2017 was $202,000; an increase of 15 percent from March 2016 and a 2 percent decrease from last month.
RSAR obtains its information from the Northern Nevada Regional Multiple Listing Service (www.nnrmls.com) and includes sales of bank-owned (foreclosure) properties.
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies.
To meet the overwhelming love of Xiaomi's fanatics, the Chinese brand are bringing the perhaps the largest quantity ever. On Tuesday, over 4 lakh Redmi5 will go on sale at 12 PM on e-commerce site Amazon. Along with Amazon, the pocket-friendly smartphone of Xiaomi will go on sale at Xiaomi's Mi Home stores and Mi.com.
In a bid to regain supremacy in the low-budget division of smartphones, Chinese smartphone giants Xiaomi is all set to launch Redmi 5 on Tuesday (Today) at 12 PM. The pocket-friendly smartphone of Xiaomi will go on sale today on e-commerce site Amazon along with Xiaomi's official website at Mi.com. With Xiaomi's having lack of availability in most of their smartphone becoming a major concern for the interested buyers, the Chinese brand prior to the release revealed that there will be more than 4 lakh Redmi 5 smartphones up for grab in today's opening first sale.
While the Redmi 5 will be up for grab on Amazon and Mi com, Xiaomi's Mi TV4 and Mi TV4A will go sale on Flipkart along with Xiaomi's Mi Home stores and Mi.com. With 4 million products up for sale, it is still expected that the Redmi5 will go out of stock within seconds. The launch of Xiaomi Redmi 5 was confirmed by the Chinese brand on March 13 and just like their previous smartphone launches, Xiaomi live streamed the launch of their much-awaited smartphone on Mi's official website.
ALSO READ: WhatsApp extends ‘Delete for Everyone' feature to 68 minutes: Report
“We are bringing you a quantity that India has never seen before. Over 4 lakh #Redmi5 will go on sale today at 12 noon only on http://mi.com/in and @amazonIN. All set to get your hands on #CompactPowerhouse,” Redmi India tweeted today. With 5.7 HD+ display and Snapdragon 450 octa-core processor, Redmi 5 comes with 12MP rear camera with 1.25 µm pixels. The pocket-friendly smartphone embedded with LED Selfie-light and has a 3300 mAh full-day battery life. The Redmi5 are available in Black, Gold, Rose Gold & Lake Blue. The made in India smartphone which is also named as the Compact Powerhouse which comes with an ultra-slim case along with cashback offer of Rs 2,000 on a Reliance Jio connection.
ALSO READ: Xiaomi Redmi 5 launch in India today; here's everything you need to know
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II might have been misquoted by the media or it was probably a simple error in grammar when they said that “criminals are not humanity.”
Aguirre's reported remark that “criminals are not human” was raised on Tuesday by Senator Antonio Trillanes IV, who was opposing their confirmation at the Commission on Appointment's committee on justice and judicial bar council.
The remark was made when the Justice Secretary was sought for comment in an earlier media interview about the Amnesty International's report that the administration's war on drugs may be considered crimes against humanity.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Aguirre says criminals not human, disputes Amnesty International report
“I categorically deny that I uttered the words attributed to me that drug lords are not human. It's either I'd been misquoted or words had been placed in my mouth because I distinctly remember saying that criminals, drug lords, drug pushers are not humanity,” Aguirre told the committee.
“I did not say that they are not human, but you could not equate these drug pushers as humanity. In other words, these criminals can't be equated with humanity,” they said.
Trillanes said they are, nevertheless, bothered by Aguirre's remark and said some of their colleagues who are members of the panel might agree with him.
“No, no one agrees with that because the vice chair and I agree that it's not the right grammar,” Senator Loren Legarda , who presided over the hearing, said.
Senate Majority Leader Vicente “Tito” Sotto III asked if what Aguirre simply meant was that criminals should not be compared with other ordinary people.
It was Legarda, who volunteered to answer for Aguirre.
“I know what they (Aguirre) means. It was probably said out of frustration and what they refer to are the perpetrators of heinous crimes can't be considered as one of us,” they said.
“I simply wanted to state that it seemed it was taken out of context or even not grammatically correct. But regardless, that's what they meant…” the lady senator added.
But Trillanes insisted that Aguirre's remark was unacceptable, considering that they were the Justice secretary.
They said Aguirre's statement indicated that it was okay for criminals to die or not be accorded human rights because they are not part of humanity.
“But here is the question, are they criminals to begin with? They are not because they never went through due process as defined by the Constitution and by the courts. That's why I'm bothered. Politicians can utter those statements, but a Secretary of Justice cannot,” Trillanes added. CBB
AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis insisted Wednesday that indigenous groups must give prior consent to any economic activity affecting their ancestral lands, a view that conflicts with the Trump administration, which is pushing to build a $3.8 billion oil pipeline over opposition from American Indians. Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to economic development with protecting their cultures and territories. “In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail,” they said. “Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful cooperation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict.” The Cheyenne River and the Standing Rock Sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois. The tribes say the pipeline threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations. The company building the pipeline, Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, has insisted the water supply will be safe. Francis didn't cite the Dakota pipeline dispute by name and the Vatican press office said they were not making a direct reference to it. But history's first Latin American pope has been a consistent backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about the plight of Indians in resisting economic development that threatens their lands. “For governments, this means recognizing that indigenous communities are a part of the population to be appreciated and consulted, and whose full participation should be promoted at the local and national level,” Francis told the indigenous leaders Wednesday. In the waning days of the Obama administration, amid protests over construction that led to some 700 arrests, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done. U.S. President Donald Trump reversed course and last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with building the pipeline. Francis' reference to prior consent is enshrined in the U.N. Declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, which was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly in 2007 over the opposition of the U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Francis' strong backing for indigenous groups and refugees, their climate change concerns and criticism of the global economy's profit-at-all-cost mentality highlight the policy differences with the Trump administration that may come out if the U.S. president meets with Francis while in Italy for a G-7 summit in May. There has been no confirmation of any meeting to date, however. — AP writer Daniela Petroff contributed.
Comments
comments
Photo
CLEVELAND — It was an honest mistake. That was the conclusion by Major League Baseball on Friday after it investigated why an Arizona Diamondbacks coach was wearing a digital watch in the dugout during their team's wild card victory over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night.
The coach, Ariel Prieto, was seen wearing the watch during the game, violating baseball's rules on the use of electronic communications. Baseball issued a statement saying it had examined the watch and Prieto's cellphone and had also interviewed him. Nothing suspicious was discovered, the statement said, but Prieto and the Diamondbacks were still fined an undisclosed amount because the watch was in the dugout in the first place.
Last month, Major League Baseball fined the Boston Red Sox for secretly using electronic communication devices in their dugout in an effort to more quickly transmit the opposing team's signs to their players on the field. At the time, baseball warned every other team that future violations could incur more serious penalties.
“M.L.B. found no evidence that Mr. Prieto used the Apple Watch or cellphone for any purpose in the dugout, nor any baseball-related communication on either device during Wednesday's game,” the statement on Friday said.
It also said the fines would be donated to hurricane-relief efforts in Puerto Rico.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A “Hands Across the Sand” gathering drew protesters to Laguna's Main Beach on Saturday, Feb. 3 to send a message against a proposal to open up California's shoreline to offshore drilling.
Environmental groups, ocean enthusiasts and concerned citizens are on edge after plans were released earlier this month by the Trump administration for the largest expansion of offshore oil and gas drilling in U.S. history.
Administration officials argue it's beneficial to meet U.S. energy needs at home rather than be dependent on foreign oil.
The plan would allow oil and gas companies to lease 47 areas off America's coastlines from 2019 to 2024. Of those, seven would be in the Pacific Ocean — two off Northern California, two off Central California, two off Southern California and one off Washington state and Oregon, according to reports.
Most of California's oil is produced from inland wells, but there's more than 30 offshore platforms and artificial islands out at sea that date back to the '50s, all in Southern California off the coasts of Santa Barbara, Ventura, Los Angeles, Long Beach and Orange counties. They date back to the 1950s.
It would be the first time since 1984 new offshore drilling leases would be offered for sale in California.
Great rally in Laguna Beach to stop offshore drilling. #drillingiskilling Take action. Link in bio. https://t.co/9wsb7xtloN pic.twitter.com/SKF00jJsP5 — chad nelsen (@chadenelsen) February 3, 2018
Paddle boarders participating in the peaceful rally in the ocean just off Main Beach. #lagunabeach pic.twitter.com/CtxVmgqwuJ — Laguna Beach Police (@LagunaBeachPD) February 3, 2018
@IndivisibleCA48 in Laguna Beach to protect the Pacific from off shore drilling. pic.twitter.com/123QZB5yHZ — CA Resistance (@DorisJuneHB) February 3, 2018
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American Civil Liberties Union on Thursday challenged the detention of a U.S. citizen who was picked up on the Syrian battlefield for allegedly fighting with Islamic State militants. The Pentagon insisted it was holding the man legally.
The unidentified American, who has not been charged, surrendered to a U.S.-backed militant group in Syria around Sept. 12. They have been detained in Iraq since then as an unlawful enemy combatant, according to U.S. officials.
"He's being held in secret without access to counsel or a court," said Jonathan Hafetz, a senior staff attorney with the ACLU in New York. "Essentially, he's being held in a legal black hole with no way to enforce their basic constitutional rights as an American citizen."
The U.S. military has not publicly disclosed the man's name or exactly where they are being held. It has confirmed that the International Committee of the Red Cross visited with them last week.
The Defense Department said it doesn't comment on pending litigation.
But Maj. Ben Sakrisson, a Pentagon spokesperson, said the military has the right to detain "captured enemy fighters" as part of the conflict against IS. They cited a 2004 Supreme Court decision regarding a captured Taliban fighter in Afghanistan that confirmed a "U.S. citizen may lawfully be subject to military detention in armed conflict under appropriate circumstances."
The ACLU filed the petition for a writ of habeas corpus in U.S. District Court in Washington, saying the American is being unlawfully detained. Such petitions are used to challenge the basis for someone's detention, its duration or confinement conditions.
The ACLU argues the U.S. military has no legal authority to hold IS fighters in military detention under war powers provided under the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force, which Congress passed after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
In a letter last week to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the ACLU said those war powers cannot be stretched to cover the current battle against the IS in Iraq and Syria. It said the same about a 2012 defense policy law that is the basis for America's detention of terrorism suspects.
The ACLU claims that even if the existing war powers applied to the IS conflict — which is fiercely disputed among lawyers, national security experts and lawmakers in Congress — the detained American still must be granted their basic legal rights as a citizen of the United States. The ACLU said it does not know the man's identity and has not been in contact with him.
"Military detention of this U.S. citizen is both unlawful and unnecessary," said Hina Shamsi, director of the ACLU's National Security Project. "Fighting with a group like ISIS is a very serious allegation, and unlike the military, the federal court system unquestionably has jurisdiction to decide their case. Instead of continuing to deny a U.S. citizen their constitutional rights, the Trump administration has an opportunity to do the right thing here."
U.S. Ambassador to the UN blasts Hamas, says its goal is to destroy Israel.
U.S. Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley delivered remarks on Wednesday afternoon at an emergency UN Security Council meeting on attacks against Israel.
The United States requested the briefing after Hamas and other terrorists launched rocket attacks against Israel out of Gaza, the worst such attacks since 2014.
“As I have asked my colleagues before, I will ask you again today. Who among us would accept 70 rockets launched into your country? We all know the answer to that. No one would,” said Ambassador Haley.
“It is outrageous for the Security Council to fail to condemn Hamas rocket attacks against Israeli civilians, while the Human Rights Council approves sending a team to investigate Israeli actions taken in self-defense. I urge the members of the Security Council to exercise at least as much scrutiny of the actions of the Hamas terrorist group as it does to Israel's legitimate right of self-defense,” they continued.
“To allow Hamas to continue to get away with its terrorist acts, and to somehow expect Israel to sit on its hands when it is attacked, is the height of hypocrisy. To continue to condemn Israel without even acknowledging what is actually coming from the leaders of Gaza makes me question who actually cares about the welfare of the Palestinian people,” Haley pointed out.
“The Palestinian people deserve a better life. That can only happen if we acknowledge and reject the terrorist actions of Hamas and if we encourage more responsible Palestinian leadership. All responsible parties should be encouraging both sides to come to the negotiating table for the well-being of the Israelis and the Palestinians,” they added.
Earlier on Wednesday, Kuwait blocked a U.S.-drafted UN Security Council statement that would have strongly condemned the firing of rockets and mortar shells on Israel.
The United States had circulated the draft text ahead of the emergency Council meeting. Kuwait, a non-permanent council member that represents Arab countries, said that it was blocking the statement to allow for consideration of a draft resolution it has put forward on the protection of Gazan civilians.
Jerry Drake Varnell, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters August 14, 2017. Oklahoma Department of Corrections/Handout via REUTERS
(Reuters) - An Oklahoma man angry with the government has been arrested by the FBI on charges that they tried to blow up an Oklahoma City bank building with a van they thought was packed with explosives, U.S. prosecutors said on Monday.
Jerry Varnell, 23, of Sayre, Oklahoma, was taken into custody on Saturday after an eight-month investigation. Federal prosecutors said they wanted to use an explosive device similar to the one that was detonated outside a federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995, killing 168 people.
According to a criminal complaint, Varnell told an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation that they were seeking retaliation against the government and financial institutions.
"I'm out for blood,'" the complaint quoted Varnell as saying.
Federal prosecutors said in a statement the device they sought to detonate was inert, and the public was not in danger.
"He wanted to make the biggest impact wherever they were going to place this bomb," FBI agent Raul Bujanda told a news conference in Oklahoma City.
The BancFirst building is a few blocks from where the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building once stood.
Bomber Timothy McVeigh used a fuel and fertilizer bomb to turn the Murrah Federal Building into a tomb of rubble on April 19, 1995, in one of the deadliest attacks in modern U.S. history. More than 680 people were injured. McVeigh was executed in 2001 for their role in that attack.
"We are disheartened that a young man who calls Oklahoma home would resort to domestic terrorism, knowing the deep sense of loss still felt by people impacted by the Oklahoma City bombing," the Oklahoma City National Memorial & Museum said in a statement. The memorial honors the victims, survivors and others affected by the 1995 attack.
Varnell made a brief appearance at a federal court in Oklahoma City on Monday and was scheduled to have a detention and preliminary hearing on Tuesday, said Scott Williams, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Prosecutors were not immediately able to say if Varnell had a lawyer.
Prosecutors said that during the investigation an undercover agent had posed as a co-conspirator and agreed to help Varnell build what they believed was a 1,000-pound (454 kg) explosive.
Agents arrested them after they made a call on Saturday to a mobile phone they believed would detonate a device in a van parked beside a BancFirst Corp building in downtown Oklahoma City, the complaint said.
Varnell was charged with malicious attempted destruction of a building in interstate commerce and could face up to 20 years in jail if convicted.
The complaint filed in the federal court in Oklahoma City said at the onset of the investigation, Varnell said they wanted to build a team to conduct a bombing.
U.S. prosecutors said Varnell had prepared a social media message to be posted after the explosion, and helped make and load a device into a stolen van.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax in New York, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Editing by Colleen Jenkins, Toni Reinhold)
Unidentified men carrying knives and slingshots walk past a burning village near Maungdaw in Rakhine state, on 7 September, 2017. Many Rohingyas have died trying to flee the fighting, not making it to the refugee camps in Bangladesh - This content is subject to copyr
They arrive ill and exhausted, having walked for days through jungle, rice paddies and mountains, or having braved dangerous sea and river voyages in ramshackle boats. Some of them are newborn, others in their 80s. Not everyone survives the journey. All that do are desperate.
Since 25 August, nearly 450,000 refugees have crossed from Burma (also known as Myanmar) into neighbouring Bangladesh, after long-running tensions between Rohingya Muslims and the predominantly Buddhist Burmese population erupted into violence in the remote western state of Rakhine.
By the time you read this, that already staggering figure will have increased.
The United Nations, which has described the violence driving the Rohingya from a territory they have lived in for centuries as ‘a textbook example of ethnic cleansing', estimates many thousands are still arriving each week.
At a glance | Myanmar's Rohingya people
‘Every day that I was there,' says American photographer Greg Constantine, who has recently returned from a fortnight in the region, ‘I would look across the border into northern Rakhine and see smoke pouring into the sky. [Burmese government leader] Aung San Suu Kyi claims the clearance operations have stopped, but they haven't. Every one of those refugees tells the same story: of mobs and the military torching their homes, killing, raping, terrorising. And the scale of it – I've been here more than a dozen times over the last decade, and every time I think, “It can't get worse than this.” And it does.'
The three makeshift camps the refugees are headed for – Kutupalong, Nayapara and Balukhali – were established 25 years ago. Even before the most recent exodus they housed around 33,000 people, and many more Rohingyas have settled in the wider area too. New arrivals sleep in the open until they can build shelters, which mostly consist of bamboo poles and tarpaulin.
‘It's not even a specific place any more,' explains Constantine. ‘You drive down the highway from Ukhiya to Teknaf, and it's just mile upon mile of huts and people sitting on the side of the road.'
Violence towards the Rohingya isn't new – it goes back to 1784, when the Burman king Bodawpaya conquered Rakhine and hundreds of thousands of Rohingya were forced to flee to Bengal – but the current crisis is rooted in a belief among many Burmese that the Rohingya, who returned to Rakhine in large numbers during the British occupation of Burma between 1824 and 1948, want to turn Rakhine into a Muslim state.
Constantine, 47, who grew up in Indiana and taught themselves photography in their 30s, first began documenting the Rohingya in 2006, as part of a series exploring the plight of the stateless. Nowhere People documents individuals and communities all over the world who have no official citizenship, no documentation and no rights.
Rohingya babies, for instance, are not given birth certificates. As adults, they can't work or go to a doctor or obtain an education. They are regarded as illegal immigrants by the majority of Burma's citizens and were excluded from the country's most recent census (which did not allow people to register their identity as Rohingya).
‘The million-dollar question that everyone grapples with is why,' says Constantine, who has been blacklisted by the Burmese government and banned from re-entering the country.
I would look across the border into northern Rakhine and see smoke pouring into the sky. Aung San Suu Kyi claims the clearance operations have stopped, but they haven't
‘I've always believed that what is at the heart of it is a deep-rooted racism. Is there a solution? Not unless things change inside Myanmar, and not just at a political level. The international community can put all the pressure it wants on the government but change has to happen among the attitudes of the citizenry for things to even begin heading in the right direction.'
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the Senate's deliberations over a package of new Russia sanctions (all times EDT):
___
2:30 p.m.
The Senate has voted overwhelmingly to approve new sanctions against Russia to punish Moscow for meddling in the 2016 election and its aggression in other parts of the world.
The chamber passed the bipartisan sanctions legislation 97-2. The measure has been attached to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating and also has strong support.
Lawmakers are taking action against Russia in the absence of a forceful response from President Donald Trump. The president has sought to improve relations with Moscow and rejected the implication that Russian hacking of Democratic emails tipped the election theirs way.
But Trump's secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, says they agree with members of Congress who want Russia held accountable for its meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Gambia's political opposition said Monday that longtime ruler Yahya Jammeh could be considered a rebel leader if they take up arms and doesn't step down later this month, a firm warning issued after the president recently vowed that any presence of foreign troops in the tiny West African nation would be tantamount to an act of war.
Two days earlier, Jammeh railed against the West African regional bloc known as ECOWAS that has urged them to step down. Jammeh claims that numerous voting irregularities invalidate the Dec. 1 ballot won by opposition coalition's Adama Barrow, and Jammeh's party is challenging the results in court.
Meanwhile, Barrow says they are planning a Jan. 19 inauguration, which puts them on a collision course with Jammeh, who seized power in a bloodless 1994 military coup.
Halifa Sallah, the spokesperson of the opposition coalition, said Monday that Jammeh will be a private citizen as of Jan. 19, and would have no constitutional mandate to be in command of the armed forces of the Gambia.
"Any president whose term of office expires who takes up arms against an incoming president whose term should begin according to law, would be regarded by the international community as a rebel leader," Sallah said in reading a statement by the coalition.
The president of ECOWAS — the Economic Community of West African States — has said that West African leaders will send troops into the Gambia if Jammeh refuses to step down.
Barrow, ECOWAS, the African Union and U.N. have carefully calculated their steps, Sallah said, adding that Jammeh should do the same "so that no mistakes would be made that would undermine the peace and security of the country."
ECOWAS, the AU and the UN, however, would not need to manage Gambian affairs if the constitution is followed, and a peaceful transition is made, Barrow has said, urging Jammeh to open up a channel of communication, according to the coalition statement.
The coalition statement also comes a day after intelligence agents ordered two radio stations to shut down — Taranga FM and Hill Top Radio.
Hill Top Radio chief executive Basiru Darboe said three men identifying as National Intelligence Agents said the shutdown orders came from the outgoing president, but no reasons were given.
The Jammeh regime has long been accused of imprisoning, torturing and killing its opponents.
———
AP writer Abdoulie John in Dakar, Senegal contributed to this report.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
SAINT JOHN, N.B. – At what would have been the eastern end of the Energy East Pipeline, rookie Mayor Don Darling is in mourning.
The veteran business person, elected mayor just last year, presides over a declining city in a declining province, and had been counting on Energy East to help turn the corner.
“This is a disappointment. It's an economic blow. I'm frustrated,” Darling said Thursday.
The $15.7 billion pipeline project would have carried western crude to the Irving Oil refinery in Saint John and an export terminal for destinations abroad. TransCanada cancelled it Thursday, citing “changed circumstances.”
While Quebec politicians like Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre and environmental activists celebrated the demise of the project, Darling lamented the loss of jobs and revenue.
“This a huge economic blow to Saint John, to New Brunswick and to the country,” Darling said.
The Energy East Saint John Partners Forum had estimated the project would increase the provincial GDP by $6.5 billion, and create thousands of jobs over several decades.
Ian Whitcomb, president of the Saint John-based Irving Oil, called it the loss of a “once in a lifetime opportunity.”
Darling said their once-affluent city – the oldest incorporated city in Canada – was looking to Energy East as a source of momentum to get the economy moving.
They said in the short term, the city of 67,000 people is facing a $4.5 million shortfall this year and needs to make tough decisions if it is to avoid raising the city's tax rate – already the highest in the region.
The 2016 census showed the population of Saint John fell by 3.6 per cent over the previous five years – falling from 70,063 to 67,575 – and losing its status as the largest city in the province.
A New Brunswick sociologist, Hassan Arif, likened the city to Detroit in a 2012 column for HuffPost, saying Saint John's decline isn't as severe but it faced similar challenges: They were both declining cities with growing suburbs, with concentrated urban poverty and a shrinking tax base. Both have multiple vacant and abandoned buildings.
Even before the Energy East announcement, Darling was openly expressing their concerns about their city's financial woes.
In a Facebook post Wednesday, Darling said “I'm tired, beat up, frustrated and sad. I'm all those things because we need to change,” they wrote. “We are in a mess, this didn't happen overnight, it's been years in the making.”
On Thursday, Darling said the Energy East project was “truly a test of our country and our ability to come together and we failed.”
They blame the regulatory process and opponents of the project in Quebec.
“The fact that one of the provinces in our country appeared to do everything it could to block this project in any fashion – I think that was obviously a factor,” they said.
Darling said their city needs help from the province and Ottawa – either a large project or a number of smaller ones to stimulate the economy.
“We need help. We need to work with the provincial government and Premier (Brian) Gallant is signalling that they are accepting my challenge that Saint John needs a new deal,” they said. “We have to match actions with the reality and urgency we're facing as a community.”
Gallant said Thursday energy is still a huge opportunity for Saint John, noting that the province is looking at various forms of renewable energy such as tidal power.
“There will be a new deal for Saint John,” Gallant said. “As the industrial base of our economy, we need Saint John to be firing on all cylinders.”
Darling said the city would take the next 30 days to more clearly define what help it needs from the other levels of government.
“All we want is a fighting chance to put Saint John on a more sustainable path,” they said.
Are you ready for the battle of the cattle? Homecoming Day is upon the Big Spring Steers as the BSHS varsity football team prepares to face the Graham Steers in the game that brings together current students and alumni to celebrate all things gold and black tonight. At halftime, the 2017 Homecoming Court will be presented and one boy and one girl will be crowned as the Homecoming King and Queen. Those ten include: Damien Cisneros, Kloee Gang, Nolan Dominguez, Ashley Gonzalez, Adam Gonzales, Jori Hanlan, John Ibanez, Courtney Myers, Aaron Martinez, and Carlie Roberts.
For full bios on the BSHS 2017 Homecoming Court, see Friday's edition of the Herald.
(Both President Trump and Mr. Weinstein have been accused of sexual misconduct, in case you needed reminding.)
Photo
David Adler, the founder of BizBash, which tracks trends in the event-planning industry, said exuberant merriment or worse has always been a risk at corporate holiday events. But this year, with bosses, underlings and co-workers under increased scrutiny, everyone will be on their best behavior. Still, some companies are reminding employees that an office party is governed by the decorum at work.
“This is not the year for telling your boss off,” Mr. Adler said. “You aren't going to see people letting their hair down.”
In Los Angeles, where morale has been worsened by a spate of sexual harassment charges against big-name actors and executives, the holiday vibe is markedly low-key. Paramount Pictures' former chairperson Brad Grey, who died in May, used to hold an A-list holiday shindig to celebrate the studio's filmmakers. One year they invited Harrison Ford, Lorne Michaels and Jack Nicholson, who gathered for cocktails and canapés in the columned loggia on their Bel Air estate, overlooking an azure pool set in an acre of rolling lawn.
Regulars included Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Few Paramount executives were invited. Neighbors and nonfamous friends didn't come either.
Jim Gianopulos, the former Twentieth Century Fox veteran hired to replace Mr. Grey, is taking a more inclusive approach this year. They too are holding a holiday party at their home for Paramount's filmmakers and creative colleagues. But they also invited studio executives, as well as some reporters and personal friends. “It's a casual, low-key event,” said Chris Petrikin, a Paramount studio executive who worked with Mr. Gianopulos at Fox.
This is not to be confused, of course, with the annual Christmas party on the Paramount lot. There, a tree is lit and fake snow drifts across the lot. Mr. Grey spared no extravagance when they ran the studio. One year, the party featured a carnival theme and an indoor Ferris wheel. This year, Mr. Petrikin said, it did not.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Time Inc., once known for Christmas hoopla where convivial young editors supped on buckets of oysters and glasses brimming with champagne, has moved its party to dreary January for the second year in a row. Mr. Adler, of BizBash, said corporations are hard-pressed to cancel holiday parties outright. “It sends the wrong message about the company,” they said. “It says the company does not care about its people.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But there are ways to edit that message. For more than a decade, HBO rented a grand ballroom at the Marriott Marquis in Times Square for a lavish holiday luncheon for its 2,500 employees. Waiters passed trays of sushi. Platters of pasta and roast chicken were laid out, alongside bountiful glasses of wine and beer. More recently, though, HBO found the event as poorly received as the first season of “Hello Ladies.” About half of its employees stayed home. Many of those who showed up didn't stick around.
Executives surmised (perhaps wisely) the party's meager attendance wasn't enough to justify the $300,000 price tag. So, two years ago, HBO offered its employees an afternoon off with their co-workers to volunteer at a charity instead. Last December, staffers in New York packed 101,316 children's meals, while others visited an art center or a pediatric hospital in Hackensack, N.J. Millennials, in particular, clamored for more. This holiday season, 95 percent of HBO employees participated in the volunteering drive.
“We read the news,” said Dennis Williams, an HBO executive who oversees the program. “People are extremely eager to be involved in social causes.”
Millennials, they said, seek to connect through experiences, whether it be in a socially conscious context, like volunteering, or a collaborative activity. “They expect the company to provide them with those kinds of experiences,” Mr. Williams said.
A less philanthropic but still debauchery-free experience can be had at Escape the Room, an interactive game site where as many as 10 people are shut in a room and have one hour to solve a puzzle. Holiday bookings are up this year, said Wyndham Manning, the manager of the company's location in Midtown Manhattan. And many are new corporate clients, albeit smaller groups, given the size and intensity of the games.
“People view this as an alternative to traditional parties,” said Mr. Manning. Investment professionals from both KKR & Co. and JPMorgan Chase recently booked all five rooms for a single hourlong session, they said. Citibank, too, booked two sessions of three games for an evening.
Such intimate gatherings give companies what they lack otherwise during the holiday party season: control in a particularly fraught year. “We've always had a zero-tolerance policy” for sexual harassment, said Elizabeth Maddick, the human resources manager at PicsArt, a San Francisco company that makes an app for image editing and drawing. “We wouldn't do anything different, except to remind people that office policy is the same for an office party.”
That said, PicsArt has decided not to hold its holiday party at the Tonga Room at the Fairmont Hotel, as it did last year. Then, the hotel partitioned off a section of the bar for PicsArt's 40 guests. Employees came and left at will, while strangers wandered into the party looking for food and drinks. So, this year, Ms. Maddick decided to hire a yacht for a three-hour dinner cruise on the San Francisco Bay.
There will be music and cocktails. “I think it's important to get away from the office and get to know one another,” Ms. Maddick said. Best of all, they said, they can keep tabs on everyone.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The only way they can leave is to jump,” they said, laughing.
A former N.F.L. quarterback and Bobby Petrino acolyte, Brohm has brought renewed energy and pass-heavy schemes to a place that treasures its title as the Cradle of Quarterbacks (Len Dawson, Bob Griese, Jim Everett and Drew Brees are among the signal-callers who played at Purdue), but they also have showed — again — what a difference a new coach can make in college football.
“It definitely feels different,” Purdue linebacker Markus Bailey said. “We don't go into games expecting to have moral victories.”
Brohm and the rest of the coaching staff, many of whom came with them from Western Kentucky, “bring it every day to practice and push us to be the best we can be,” Bailey added. “You can tell in their demeanor and their attitude that they love football, and they make players want to play for him.
“I mean,” Bailey added, “I'll play for that dude any day.”
The coaching carousel is a mainstay of the college football landscape, and since the sport places heavy restrictions on its unpaid players' ability to transfer while coaching contracts routinely include seven-figure buyouts, hasty firings can make cynics of even the most idealistic fans.
But the reality is that — aside from the way the players are compensated — college football is business, and in a landscape in which resources are spread out widely, particularly within conferences, and in which the position of head coach is perhaps uniquely powerful, coaching can make a titanic difference to teams' success and programs' bottom lines.
“He's the general manager, he's the on-field coach, they have a P.R./spokesperson element,” Chris Brown, a widely respected football analyst and author of “Smart Football” (as well as a Purdue alumnus), said of the head coach in college football. “If you can do all those things, that can be very, very valuable.”
Photo
Occasionally, a new head coach's task is simply to keep up their predecessor's winning ways — something Justin Fuente, who succeeded Frank Beamer at Virginia Tech last season, and Lincoln Riley, who was promoted from offensive coordinator to replace Bob Stoops at Oklahoma this season, have done ably so far.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
More often, though, the previous coach's departure, voluntarily or otherwise, was the result of perceived (or actual) underperformance, and the new guy's job is to win more games than the old guy did. Such briefs were given this season both at teams that expect to compete for conference titles every year — Texas, Louisiana State, Oregon — and at teams with more modest expectations and goals, like Minnesota, California and Purdue.
Firing Hazell reportedly cost Purdue nearly $5 million, but with annual payouts for Big Ten members expected soon to top $40 million, the university can afford it. And if Brohm continues to excite fans and win games, more sellouts and donations could follow, meaning that, from a green-eyeshade perspective, the “dead money” of the Hazell buyout could come to seem more like a successful investment in the program's future.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Our fans were thirsty,” Bobinski said, adding, “we've had such an immediate and apparent change in style, approach, competitiveness, intensity.”
Brohm's signature is their inventive passing schemes, honed as a quarterback and coach for teams in college, the N.F.L., arena league football and even, in 2001, the short-lived X.F.L.
Last year, their Western Kentucky squad ranked first in the Football Bowl Subdivision at 45.5 points per game, and fifth in passing yards.
At Purdue, Brohm has created a platoon system at quarterback, with David Blough, who started the past two seasons, sharing snaps with the sophomore Elijah Sindelar. The more modest focus, Brown noted, has been on limiting turnovers. The quarterbacks' combined four interceptions over four games is a rate exactly half of last season, when Purdue had 24 in 12 games.
Against Michigan, the most striking difference for Purdue might have been on defense, where pass-rushers compiled four sacks and forced several balls to be thrown away.
“I think the players know, lined up against Michigan, against five-star guys, at least they know their coaches are putting them in a position to succeed,” Brown said.
In their postgame remarks, Brohm was more muted, acknowledging their team had been “beaten down” in the second half and emphasizing that rebuilding Purdue's program would be a process.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But they were effusive about one aspect of the day, an opinion surely shared by the athletic department.
“The crowd was amazing,” they said. “We're very appreciative of all the people that showed up.”
“It does make it a lot more fun,” they added, “when everyone feels a part of it.”
RDA must be audited throughly – UPND
As UPND ,we demand that Road Development Agency(RDA) and National Road Fund Agency (NRFA) be seriously audited in view of the concerns being raised by media houses on the quality of roads being washed away anyhow by even minimal rains and some getting mangled due to poor workmanship.
It has become a habit for the Patriotic Front(PF) to accuse nature when whenever they fail to provide leadership.
We have noticed with serious concern that borrowed money directed to roads has gone to waste due to poor works and corruption.
The poor road network shows a serious anomaly in the awarding of contracts to credible and reputable contractors.
We believe public funds have been abused.
And Lungu themselves pointed out that there was massive corruption in the road construction sector.
As if that is not enough, NRFA raised over K800m through toll gates from 2012 to 2015 but have not told the nation how they have used that money.
We are of the view that if such a trend continues, money meant for the maintenance of roads will continue to be misapplied.
Edgar Lungu recently confessed and promised to deal with corrupt ministers and officials in their government.
To date, only former Information Minister Chishimba Kambwili has been fired and referred to the Anti Corruption Commission.
Some of the roads constructed during UNIP and MMD era leadership are still intact due to good workmanship .
But PF roads built recently out of corruption, with no consideration of the terrain, climate and other aspects are already damaged with some being mended.
What is the life span of these roads.
All this is happening at Road Development Agency (RDA) is currently directly answerable to State house and Lungu themselves must be answerable to this national scandal which they boasted as unprecedented developments.
God has finally exposed their corrupt practices where huge sums of money was being embezzled.
The Eurobond and other loans that paid for these roads as with all PF projects is still accumulating interest and our children are debt burdened even before they are born and that will make them colonized for life.
As UPND, we warned about the dangers of having such massive projects under State House as they cannot be properly supervised and audited.
As citizens, we must now open our eyes and never be cheated with empty slogans such as ‘ ‘sontapo'which are just a mockery meant to deceive and defraud the public.
We now demand for a thorough audit of all these shoddy road works and bring the culprits to book.
Issued by
UPND Vice President for
Administration
Geoffrey Bwalya Mwamba
The Leader's Office is getting in the Christmas spirit: Shadow Cabinet members visited in small groups over the last week to decorate Jezza's Xmas tree, putting on a bauble each, while staffers did the finishing touches, including raising the essential red star. Meanwhile, Jezza's rather boring official Christmas card is out (below).
Lovely festive Christmas card from Jeremy Corbyn. Unfortunate two people inadvertently look as if they're holding guns! pic.twitter.com/OjP4SDqAKo — Kevin Maguire (@Kevin_Maguire) 11 December 2017
It's got nothing on the cards the Labour Party shop started flogging last month – a cult of Corbyn Christmas special depicting a snowman wearing an “oh Jeremy Corbyn” scarf and flat cap. A pack of 8 went for a suggested donation of £8. Who needs Jesus when you've got Jez-us?
MELVILLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Changes may be coming to the pool safety code in the Long Island town where twin toddlers drowned just a few weeks ago.
As CBS2's Carolyn Gusoff reported, the measure is designed to save homeowners money, but also lives.
Sally Schrivener is a mother of three. They take pool safety to heart, after one of their own nearly drowned in their Halesite backyard.
“Literally it was a couple of seconds. We took dishes into the kitchen, while we were doing that they went after their Barbie in the pool, and when we came back out shew as at the bottom of the pool,” they said.
Pool safety was on the minds of many following the tragic drowning of twin 3-year-olds who got out of the house and into a Melville swimming pool while their mother slept.
Now, a proposed change in the town of Huntington would eliminate what town board member Tracy Edwards called ‘an overlooked danger.'
Back to back fences are a common sight because pool owners must put up their own fence even if a next door neighbor already has one.
“If you are putting uneven fences in height next to each other, you are also creating a ladder effect that could also make children less safe than one fence,” Edwards said.
Edwards said residents complained, double fencing is an unnecessary expense, but the owner of Huntington Fence cautioned pool owners need to be responsible for their own fences.
“Neighbors fences can fall down, then your pool is exposed, then you are liable,” John Sheridan Jr. said.
They also recommend fence locks and four-sided protection which is highly recommended by the U.S. Consumer Safety Commission, and has been recommended by a number of states.
“A fence completely surrounding the pool is better than one with the house serving as the fourth side, so we recommend isolating the pool,” Elizabeth Klinefelter said.
The town of Huntington already requires pool and back door alarms.
If a neighbors fence falls or is taken down, it will then become the pool owner's responsibility to immediately replace it. The measure will be debated at a public hearing on Tuesday.
Drowning is the leading cause of death for children under the age of 4 in the U.S. More than 300 children die each year in backyard pools.
Flint River Armory's new CSA45 2nd Generation is available with 10- and 16-inch barrels (SBR is 25 inches overall with collapsed custom stock). All barrels are threaded for either flash hider or suppressor. Featuring AR/M4 fire controls for ease of training, short-stroke, gas-piston and rotating/locking bolt operating system. It is low recoiling, accurate and has GLOCK magazine compatibility.
(855) 453-3367
www.gunsmagazine.com/company/flint-river-armory
Matthew 22:36-40 (NIV)
36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?”
37 Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.'[a] 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.'[b] 40 All the Laws and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.”
Today is Valentine's Day. It has arrived and that could mean many different things for people. Some might have been dreading the arrival of this day, instead others might have been anticipating and counting down the hours until it's arrival! Many more could possibly be completely aloof about the whole concept behind this Hallmark conspiracy or wishing they had someone to share today with. Regardless of where someone might be in their love life, at this current time, I can confidently say there is an eternal Valentine for everyone: God.
Recently, I read in one of my daily devotionals people try to put God into this box where they attempt to make Him into something easily understood. I'm completely guilty of this and I think this happens when it comes to God's definition of LOVE. As Earthly beings, people think love is one thing, however Their intention for love is something so much bigger that humans can't fathom. The very fact that Their greatest commandment of all is to Love the Lord our God with all our hearts and souls means that LOVE is a big deal. In fact, it is such a big deal that is should be a top priority in everyone's lives.
We don't completely understand God's love for us. It's almost humanly impossible to fathom Their great love and put it into the parameters of Earthly comprehension. I do know this:
God loves us so much that They sent Jesus, Their son, to die on the cross to save us from our sin.
They love us so much  They are listening to our hearts, minds and words…endlessly. They know our stories, desires and tears before we even take the time to bring them to Him.
They love us so much and wants GOOD for our lives. God is good.
They love us so much They will forgive us of our sins just by simply asking.
They love us so much They will welcome us back into Their loving arms no matter what we've done.
They love us so much…and the list is so long it's difficult for us to comprehend that love.
This Valentine's Day make your special Valentine…God. Our Father who loves us better than anything or anyone ever could. Exude Their Love to others and people will know God is a shining beacon in your life. Let Their love overwhelm you today and flood you with joy.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Marilyn Benninger and executive director Tina Blatchford joined us this morning to talk about the Stardust Over the Rainbow gala, which is being hosted by The Children's Aid Foundation of Halton in Burlington on Saturday May 6th.
Several colleges are offering counseling, puppy playtime, and guided meditation this Valentine's Day in an effort to boost their students' apparently low self-esteem.
Georgia Tech, for example, held a self-care workshop where students could participate in guided meditation, do arts and crafts, make their own bath bombs, or simply eat chocolate to ease any distress they may be feeling over the holiday.
“Just because your partner forgets to buy you a gift doesn't mean that they don't care about you.”
“This Valentine's Day, set time aside to take care of your greatest love - YOURSELF!” The Georgia Tech Student Center wrote in the event description. “Take some time for yourself on Valentine's Day to relax, dive within, and just be!”
Towson University also offered opportunities to ward off any guilt associated with obsessive chocolate eating, hosting a “Love Your Body Valentines!” event where students could create “body positive” Valentine's Day cards.
“This year, be your own Valentine!” Towson declared. “Celebrate your body and send an empowering message to yourself.”
[RELATED: ‘Love Your Body' event promotes ‘comfort food,' binge-watching]
If bath bombs and Valentines cards weren't enough, Cochise College invited students to “pet away your stress” at a "Puppy Love Valentine's Day Party” featuring therapy dogs that stressed-out students could cavort with for three hours.
None of the asupervisorstioned events, however, presented the holiday as direly as Cabrini College's guide to surviving Valentine's Day, which offers tips for both single students and couples on how to survive the “significant disappointment” that comes with “high expectations.”
Cabrini reminds single people that it is okay to feel lonely on Valentine's Day because the holiday can often be a “painful reminder” of longing for a relationship or a past relationship that ended.
“Talk to a supportive friend or write about the feelings this day stirs up,” Cabrini soothes. “Remind yourself that it is only one day and will pass.”
[RELATED: Indiana students throw ‘condom fashion show' for Valentine's Day]
Students in relationships, meanwhile, are reminded to communicate their expectations for the day to their partner, and to remember that Valentine's Day will not fix problems already apparent in the relationship.
“Just because your partner forgets to buy you a gift doesn't mean that they don't care about you,” Cabrini assures them. “Reflect on your partner's actions over the duration of your relationship, not just on one day.”
Drew University's University Program Board, on the other hand, eschewed Valentine's Day altogether, hosting an “Anti-Valentine's Day” party and declaring “Happy Valentine's Day to no one!!”
[RELATED: MassArt helps children make valentines ‘To Islam, With Love']
“Join UPB for a homegrown event where you can make DIY Cupid Repellant [sic] Perfume, ‘beat the crap out of love' piñata, enjoy an ice cream sundae bar, decorate your own cupcakes, and more!!” the event description exclaims.
In addition to “beating the crap out of love,” the event also promised to help students created their own voodoo dolls, taking a different approach to dealing with the apparently stressed out and lovesick students.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said they filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district they used to serve.
They wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding their expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file their signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
They said they want to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in their office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused them in November of propositioning them for sex and repeatedly commenting on their breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but they were cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what they called their "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that they never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to their expulsion found they engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for their colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted them because they tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from their committee chairpersonship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An airspace restriction over West Texas posted on the Federal Aviation Administration's website and filed by Blue Origin suggests the company founded by Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos could launch its upgraded reusable New Shepard suborbital booster for the first time this week.
Blue Origin officials said in recent months that ground crews were readying the next model of the New Shepard single-stage rocket for its first test flight from the company's sprawling test facility near Van Horn, Texas, east of El Paso, targeting a suborbital launch by the end of this year.
A Notice to Airmen, or NOTAM, released Saturday covering Blue Origin's test site suggested the New Shepard flights may resume this week. The airspace over the commercial company's remote desert launch base will be restricted due to “spaceflight operations” from Monday through Thursday, between 1430 and 2100 GMT (9:30 a.m.-4:00 p.m. EST; 8:30 a.m.-3:00 p.m. CST).
A Blue Origin spokesperson confirmed the NOTAM was filed by the Bezos-backed company.
“Blue Origin has filed a NOTAM for spaceflight operations this week,” the spokesperson said. “It will be taken down when our activity is complete.”
The Kent, Washington-based company did not provide further details on the test flight plans.
Blue Origin's New Shepard booster, named for Mercury astronaut Alan Shepard and topped with a pressurized crew capsule, is under development to carry researchers and space tourists on short suborbital hops above an altitude of 62 miles (100 kilometers), the internationally-recognized boundary of space, also known as the Karman line. The capsule has already accommodated automated research experiments, without a crew on-board, on earlier suborbital test flights.
The upcoming flight will debut the third New Shepard vehicle built by Blue Origin. The first rocket was lost on descent after a successful blastoff in April 2015, and the second booster launched and landed successfully five times.
Blue Origin retired the second vehicle after testing the spacecraft's launch abort capability in October 2016, demonstrating the maneuvers needed to whisk the capsule and its occupants safely away from failing rocket. The company sent the rocket and a mock-up crew capsule to display at several aerospace conferences and conventions, including the Space Symposium in Colorado Springs in April and the Experimental Aircraft Association's AirVenture airshow in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, in July.
The third New Shepard vehicle will move Blue Origin closer to launching people into space, perhaps as soon as late next year.
“Within the next 18 months, we're going to be launching humans into space,” said Bob Smith, Blue Origin's CEO, in a presentation to the National Space Council on Oct. 5. “These won't be astronauts — people that would have been trained and specialized within an area — but these will be everyday citizens.”
The crew capsule will eventually be able to carry six passengers beyond the Karman line.
“This is our third tail for New Shepard, following on the lessons we learned from tail two,” said Clay Mowry, Blue Origin's vice president of sales and marketing. “The capsule, for instance, didn't have windows on it. Those were painted on for the test flights. Now, we have the largest windows, on this capsule, that will have ever flown in space.”
The new capsule also has seats as Blue Origin experiments with the passenger accommodations inside the spacecraft.
“On the booster itself, we've incorporated a lot of things that will allow us to enable operational reuse,” Mowry said at Euroconsult's World Satellite Business Week conference in Paris in September. “There are a lot of features to that vehicle, where for instance we have panels, and you want to be able to get in and access through these panels to be able to service the vehicle in between flights.
With the third vehicle, Blue Origin engineers are also “trying to improve on thermal protection and other elements of it to make it so the system is operationally reusable,” they said.
“The third propulsion module we're going to test hopefully by the end of this year,” Mowry said in September. “We'll fly it again, and we'll be testing it into next year, and then there's a fourth propulsion module that will be coming, which is the one that we're actually going to fly people on.”
The New Shepard is powered by a BE-3 main engine consuming a mixture of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants, generating about 110,000 pounds of thrust at full throttle. The engine burned for nearly two-and-a-half minutes on New Shepard test flights last year, powering the booster on a trajectory nearly straight up from the West Texas launch pad.
The crew capsule detached from the booster a few moments later, and both vehicles coasted to maximum altitude in the rarefied upper atmosphere, above most of the effects of aerodynamic forces. The descending rocket deployed a drag brake to slow its fall, then reignited the BE-3 engine — which can be throttled down to a fraction of its full power level — and extended landing legs for touchdown on a concrete pad.
The capsule descended to the desert surface under parachutes, and technicians refurbished the vehicles for reuse.
A similar launch and landing profile is expected to be followed by the third New Shepard vehicle, but engineers aim to reduce the time needed to ready the rocket and capsule for a re-flight.
Blue Origin provided an online live video stream of the last two New Shepard flights in June and October last year, but the company has not indicated it will offer a live webcast of this week's test launch.
A bigger multi-stage rocket named the New Glenn is planned for launch by 2020 from Cape Canaveral. Blue Origin is designing the larger launcher to carry satellites into orbit, and eventually people.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) — Taiwan says China has been pressuring the governments of five countries in the Middle East, Africa and South America to force the island to change the names of its unofficial representative offices.
The foreign ministry says Beijing has pressured Nigeria, Bahrain, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates and Ecuador to remove "Republic of China" — Taiwan's formal name — or "Taiwan" from Taiwan's trade offices. None of the five is among Taiwan's 20 remaining official allies.
It suggests Beijing is increasing the pressure on Taiwan, a self-governing democracy that Beijing claims as its territory. On Tuesday, Panama switched diplomatic relations from Taiwan to China.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told reporters Thursday that the "One China" policy was fundamental and Beijing appreciates "these nations' way of handling issues with Taiwan."
Houston has claimed WR Sammie Coates off waivers from the Cleveland Browns.
Coates, 24, was originally drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the third round (87th overall) of the 2015 NFL Draft out of Auburn. They spent two seasons with the Steelers before joining the Cleveland Browns in 2017. For their career, they have compiled 28 receptions for 516 yards (18.4 avg.) and two receiving touchdowns in 32 regular season games played (six starts). In 2016, Coates posted career highs of 21 receptions for 435 yards (20.7 avg.) and two touchdowns in 14 regular season games played (five starts). Coates (6-1, 210) has also returned six kickoffs for 150 yards (25.0 avg.) in their NFL career and appeared in all four of Pittsburgh's postseason games from 2015-16.
Police remain at a flat tonight as inquiries continue into the death of a woman.
The emergency services were called to Hylton Court, Oxclose, Washington at 12.15pm, reporting concern for a 41-year-old woman in the middle flat in a block of three.
Residents were alerted to the incident by the arrival of police and paramedics.
Officers say they were found unconscious and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Tonight, police stand guard outside the stairwell of the address, with several police vehicles still in the street.
Forensic officers have also visited the estate, with a row of bins cordoned off with tape.
Residents have been told not to touch them until after they are searched in the morning.
Outside the flats in Hylton Court, Oxclose, where a woman was pronounced dead inside one of the homes.
Police have said they are treating the death as "unexplained" and are carrying out inquiries into the circumstances of the incident.
One 60-year-old woman who lives with their family in a nearby house said: "We just saw the police and the ambulance arrive and they have been here all day.
"It's very sad what's happened, we were shocked when we heard."
Another lady, aged 56, who lives close to the flat involved in the inquiry, said: "I just came home from work and I looked out the window and realised there was a police car outside.
Wheelie bins have been cordoned off by scenes of crime officers, ready to be searched.
"I came out to speak to my friend and ask them what was going on and it looked like they were putting a body in the back of a vehicle.
"Then I saw all the other police cars and then I came back upstairs and watched what was going on.
"It was absolutely shocking to see it all and I could see the cars with all their blue lights on."
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101 and quote reference number 457 14/08/17.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
On August 25th, gamers who registered for a chance to get their hands on Call of Duty: WWII early will enjoy the fruits of their auto-filling of name and email labor and land a spot playing the CoD: WWII beta. Sledgehammer games made it known that we wouldn't be playing the supposedly-terrifying Nazi Zombies mode but were mum on exactly what we would be playing in the early look.
Now we know specifically what we can expect, courtesy of Sledgehammer games via PlayStation Lifestyle:
Two Dallas police officers were shot and with one of the officers dead today at a Home Depot Inc. store in Dallas, Texas. A civilian was also shot in the incident, according to the Dallas Police Department's Twitter account.
Police said they did not know the condition of the civilian. The surviving officers was taken to a local hospital, one television station said.
Officials have been searching for a suspect, according to the local media reports. Live television footage from the local news showed several police cars outside the Home Depot store.
Officers are currently searching for the shooter. A source has informed local media that among law enforcement, a photo is circulating of 29-year-old Armando Juarez. He's not a suspect at this time, but officers want to talk to about the shooting. The photo is a mugshot from January when they were arrested for unlawful use of a vehicle.
TheSource.com will bring you updates on this story as it develops.
By Helen Kadirire
Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, has come under heavy criticism for advising residents not to pay for services they do not receive.
In the heat of electioneering, Chiwenga told Zanu PF supporters in Hatcliffe recently that local authorities should stop the collection of rates from areas they were not adequately servicing in terms of refuse collection, water supply, and the provision of sewer reticulation.
“There is no water, council has failed to collect refuse and there is no sewer reticulation, but daily, they come knocking on your doors demanding payment for things they have failed to deliver. That must stop forthwith,” Chiwenga said.
The former Zimbabwe Defence Forces commander who led the military intervention that toppled former president Robert Mugabe in November last year said the Harare City Council should only start collecting rates after it has improved its service delivery.
But local authorities and residents associations have roundly condemned their utterances, saying such political rhetoric was reckless and tantamount to interference in local governance.
In a statement, the Harare Metropolitan Residents Forum (Hamref) said residents should ignore Chiwenga and continue to pay their bills.
Hamref said Chiwenga's populist and cheap politicking was not only unwarranted but a desperate move to score political points at the expense of the delivery of quality service in Harare.
“While these unfortunate sentiments might be received as good news in some quarters, it is the same style of undue political interference into the affairs of local authorities that in July 2013 – just before the then harmonised elections – resulted in the scrapping of debts by the same government,” said Hamref.
“This negatively affected local authorities as most of them failed to recover from the negative effects of the ill-advised scrapping of debts for owing residents”.
Hamref said the ill-informed debt relief of 2013 collapsed the quality of service delivery in most urban local authorities, which is now being blamed on the same local authorities.
“Assuming the same rhetoric was to be used at a national scale, no citizen would pay taxes to government because it has also failed to deliver,” Hamref said.
Section 276 (1) of the Constitution gives local authorities the right to govern, on their own initiative, the local affairs of the people within the areas for which they have been established, and have all the powers necessary for them to do so.
Harare mayor and vice president of the Zimbabwe Local Government Association (Zilga), Bernard Manyenyeni, told the Daily News yesterday that it was everyone's duty to contribute towards service delivery.
“Councils have not been spared by the vagaries of a failed economy. Everyone should at the end of the day contribute towards service delivery. To get water people have to pay for it. Unless there are subsidies to service provision, residents have to pay,” they said, adding that any attempts to cripple key layers of government border on treason.
Urban and rural councils are still struggling to recover from the 2013 debt write-off which saw government scrapping more than $1 billion rates and water bills owed by residents.
In an effort to avoid a similar disaster, Zilga has declared that there would be no debt write-off this time around.
Local Government minister July Moyo has weighed in in support of Zilga arguing that councils needed to be capacitated and not destroyed by such write-offs. DailyNews
For people living in poverty, going out to dinner can be a luxury. And Christie Melby-Gibbons, a Milwaukee restaurant owner, believes that dining out should be available for low-income people as well as those who can pay for it.
“I have just always felt like everybody deserves to eat healthy, delicious, freshly made food,” they said.
They recently opened the Tricklebee Café, where people can pay what they think a meal is worth. Melby-Gibbons sees the "pay what you want" concept, used by other restaurants around the country, as a way to help feed low-income people in the city.
The menu at Tricklebee changes daily, but the food is locally sourced, typically vegetarian and consists of a soup, salad, sandwich and baked goods. The suggested price range is $5 to $7.
Tricklebee is one of about 50 pay-what-you-can cafes across the country dedicated to feeding low-income people, according to the organization One World Everybody Eats. Melby-Gibbons said that their customers are often surprised.
“When they come in, they're dumbfounded, and when they leave, they're delighted. Like 'Whoa, what is this? You pay what you can?'” they said.
At lunchtime on a cold winter day recently, the cafe was packed. A church pulpit serves as the checkout counter with a red donations jar bolted to the top.
Melby-Gibbons is a minister and believes this cafe can survive in an area full of fast food restaurants and boarded up storefronts. They said that on average, two people a day have a meal without paying, and around 95 percent of their customers pay the suggested price or more.
Luke Hansen said they and their family plan to give a bit extra.
“You come to a place like this, and it really restores your faith in humanity. Just because someone doesn't have a lot of money doesn't mean they're a lesser person,” they said.
Another patron, Cookie Taylor, said they would pay at least the suggested price. They said it could benefit those who can't.
“I think there are people here who would eat better if they could afford to eat better,” Taylor said.
For most pay-what-you-can cafes across the country, fundraising is necessary. Melby-Gibbons said that in addition to the money made from the sale of food and beverages, they need to raise about $28,000 to keep the nonprofit cafe afloat this year.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The Latest on violent protests connected to a white nationalist rally in Virginia (all times local):
___
6:45 p.m.
A Texas lawmaker says Texas A&M University won't host a “white lives matter” rally on the campus next month.
Republican state Rep. John Raney said Monday that university chancellor John Sharp told them the event had been canceled due to “hate messages” on social media and police concerns of violence. The event had been scheduled for Sept. 11.
Raney made the announcement on the floor of the Texas House of Representatives just hours after lawmakers said they were working to stop the rally from taking place.
Texas A&M officials confirmed the event had been canceled.
The event was organized by a former A&M student who said they were inspired by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
That event erupted in violence as protesters and counterprotesters clashed. Police say a 20-year-old man rammed in their car into a group of the counterprotesters, killing a woman and injuring at least 19.
A former teacher of the man says they idolized Adolf Hitler and was fascinated with Nazism.
___
6 p.m.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe is directing their administration to conduct an “extensive review” of how police prepare and respond to rallies like the one that ended with deadly violence in Charlottesville.
The Democratic governor has adamantly supported how police handled Saturday's protests.
Their office said Monday in a statement that they want their administration to review how permits for such rallies are granted. McAuliffe also said they had directed their administration to form a commission focused on racial reconciliation. The governor said they want “actionable recommendations” on what the state can do to promote unity and public safety.
___
6 p.m.
The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville worked as a security officer in Ohio.
Securitas Security Services USA, Inc. said in a statement on Monday that James Alex Fields Jr. worked for the company for two months starting in May 2016 and again from November to the present.
The company says the state of Ohio issued Fields a security officer license and that the man “performed their duties satisfactorily.”
Securitas says Fields was on previously requested vacation leave when police say they rammed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. The company says Fields' employment has been terminated.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder and other offenses.
___
6 p.m.
Accident investigators say there was no distress signal from a Virginia state police helicopter that crashed over the weekend near Charlottesville, where neo-Nazi and so-called alt-right demonstrators clashed with counter-protesters.
The National Transportation Safety Board said Monday that the helicopter was providing video to police of activities in downtown Charlottesville before it broke off to lend support to a motorcade for Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe. Within two minutes there was a 911 call reporting the crash, which happened 7 miles (10 kilometers) southwest of the Charlottesville airport.
Both state troopers on board were killed.
The board said the helicopter's vertical flight path was about 45 degrees when it descended into trees. The tail boom separated from the main wreckage and became lodged in a tree.
___
6 p.m.
The mother of a University of Virginia student injured when a car rammed through counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says they hope their daughter can be returned to Houston for medical treatment and recovery.
Ericka Chaves said Monday that their 20-year-old daughter, Natalie Romero, suffered a skull fracture and other injuries on Saturday in Charlottesville, which is home to the university.
Chaves says it's “really hard” for their daughter to talk, but she's tough. Chaves says they hope their daughter doesn't return to the university after they heal.
Romero is attending the school on a scholarship. They were a leader at Houston's Bellaire High School's Junior ROTC program and was named outstanding ROTC cadet in 2016.
___
4:45 p.m.
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas told a news conference Monday that a hotline was being set up to enable people to report assaults and other criminal activity that may have occurred at a weekend rally of white nationalists.
They also said “alt-right” rally attendees had failed to follow an agreed-upon plan on entering Emancipation Park. The attendees were gathering to protest plans to remove a Confederate statue.
The event also drew counter-protesters – and Thomas said the crowds became more aggressive and “mutually engaged combatants” became more violent.
When asked whether they had any regrets, they said: “Absolutely I have regrets. We lost three lives this weekend.”
They were referring to 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters.
Two Virginia State Police officers also died when their helicopter, which was dispatched to the area, crashed just outside of Charlottesville.
___
3:30 p.m.
Google says it's canceling the registration of neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service, after it posted an article mocking the woman who was run over and killed at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The site was briefly down Monday — following a move by registration company GoDaddy to also cancel the site's domain name. But after a short time it was back up, including a post from the website's publisher, Andrew Anglin, saying they had retaken control of the site. The site claimed it was briefly controlled by a member of the “Anonymous” group of hackers.
The article about Heather Heyer criticizes their appearance, that they had no children, and that they couldn't move fast enough to avoid the charging car.
The 32-year-old Heyer died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters. The group was demonstrating against white nationalists who had gathered to oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville.
___
3 p.m.
Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
___
3 p.m.
A spokesperson for a hospital in Virginia says 10 patients treated there after a car ran into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally have been released. Nine others are in good condition.
UVA Health System spokesperson Angela Taylor gave the update Monday.
Twenty people were taken to UVA Medical Center after the car ran into the crowd Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. One, Heather Heyer, died. Five were initially in critical condition.
The hospital has said it treated additional patients related to Saturday's events beyond those 20, but that it can't give an exact number.
___
1:30 p.m.
A former classmate of the man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally says the suspect once said they went on a school trip to Germany so they could “get to the Fatherland.”
Keegan McGrath told The Associated Press on Monday that they were roommates with James Alex Fields Jr. on that trip in 2015.
McGrath says they challenged Fields on their beliefs and went home early because they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
They say Fields seemed fairly normal before that at their school in Union, Kentucky.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder after authorities say they drove into a crowd in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
A judge said Monday he'll appoint an attorney to represent Fields.
___
10:40 a.m.
A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing their car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday they would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears their group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
They said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesperson Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville “fat” and “childless.” Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:30 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone police officer at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting “pig” as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:30 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesperson Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an “absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march.”
They said “there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant.”
They added that it's “completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions.”
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent their sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make their first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Community Outpatient Clinic has reopened in a larger location in Laguna Hills, at 23719 Moulton Parkway.
Services at the expanded facility — which opened Monday, April 23 –include primary care, mental health, telehealth, lab and radiology.
“We're mostly changing in size and location, but we will be augmenting services,” Richard Beam, director of public and community affairs, said.
Beam said the number of Primary Aligned Care Teams (PACT) will increase from three to four, allowing for greater access to care. The expansion in staffing will also take effect on behavioral health branches such as psychiatry, psychology and social work services.
The new center, in the building formerly occupied by Fresh & Easy, is approximately 7,000 square feet of newly remodeled space, including improved parking.
“The change in space will allow for better, more, quicker access to care in terms of clinical services being offered, the number of clinical teams available and parking,” Beam said. “It will also offer space for more ‘team” or “group-based' treatments for our veterans where they can engage in care and support each other in shared goals.”
Additional telehealth services will make access to health care possible without the drive to the VA hospital in Long Beach, Beam said. Telehealth uses three different modalities of telecommunications technology — clinical video, in-home and mobile monitoring and asynchronous, “store-and-forward” programs — to provide patients health care remotely.
The new location is about 4 miles and a 10-minute drive from the former center in Laguna Hills, which is now closed. Hours are 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. For information call 949-587-3700.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge on Tuesday temporarily blocked a Kansas law barring state contractors from participating in boycotts against Israel, saying the state law violates their free speech rights.
U.S. District Judge Daniel Crabtree wrote in their decision that the U.S. Supreme Court has held that the "First Amendment protects the right to participate in a boycott like the one punished by the Kansas law."
Several states have enacted laws in recent years amid an increasingly visible movement protesting Israel's policies toward Palestinians. Backers of boycotting Israeli companies argue they're defending Palestinians' human rights, while boycott critics contend the goal is to destroy the Jewish state.
The judge granted the request from the American Civil Liberties Union to block enforcement of the Kansas law while the case proceeds. Crabtree found it is "highly likely" that the Kansas law is invalid.
"A desire to prevent discrimination against Israeli businesses is an insufficient public interest to overcome the public's interest in protecting a constitutional right," Crabtree wrote.
The ACLU brought the lawsuit on behalf of Esther Koontz, a math and science curriculum coach at a Wichita public school.  They are seeking to overturn a law that took effect in July that prohibits the state from entering into contracts with individuals or companies participating in a boycott of Israel.
Twenty-four states have such policies, including California, Alabama and Texas, according to Palestine Legal, a non-profit advocacy group that aims to protect the rights of people who speak out for Palestinian freedom. The measure had strong bipartisan support in Kansas.
ACLU attorney Brian Hauss said the court recognized the harms imposed by the "misguided law," which imposes "an unconstitutional ideological litmus test."
"This ruling should serve as a warning to government officials around the country that the First Amendment prohibits the government from suppressing participation in political boycotts," Hauss said.
The ACLU has also filed a legal challenge to a similar law in Arizona prohibiting contractors from boycotting Israel, but this is the first court ruling in the country dealing with such laws, said ACLU attorney Doug Bonney.
Departing Gov. Sam Brownback, who signed the policy into law, said they think the ACLU will ultimately lose the case.
Brownback, a Republican, said the federal government has passed such laws for years. They cited laws against trade with Iran or limits on investments in South Africa during apartheid.
Brownback is stepping down as governor Wednesday to become U.S. ambassador-at-large for international religious freedom.
State officials have described Israel as an important trading partner, with Kansas exporting $56 million worth of products there in 2016 while buying $83 million worth. Brownback made an unpublicized visit to Israel last summer, during which they met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Crabtree wrote that they are not persuaded by the state's argument that enjoining the Kansas law will cause Israeli companies to refuse to do business in Kansas, or with Kansas companies, and thus harm the Kansas economy.
The lawsuit said Koontz, who lives about 25 miles (40 kilometers) north of Wichita in Newton, is a Mennonite and the wife of a pastor. They decided to boycott Israeli products and services to "support the Palestinians' struggle for equality."
A Kansas State Department of Education official told Koontz in August that they could not be paid as a teacher trainer because they refused to certify that they were not participating in a boycott of Israel. The lawsuit names state Education Commissioner Randy Watson as the defendant.
In their ruling, Crabtree wrote that Koontz and other members of the Mennonite Church have "banded together" to express collectively their dissatisfaction with Israel and influence governmental action.
The law's legislative history reveals that its goal is to undermine the message of those participating in a boycott of Israel, the judge wrote. This is either viewpoint discrimination against the opinion that Israel mistreats Palestinians, or subject matter discrimination on the topic of Israel — both impermissible goals under the First Amendment, Crabtree said.
State Rep. Randy Powell, a conservative Olathe Republican who pushed for the law, said they remain confident that it's constitutional.
"It still allows for freedom of speech. It still allows individuals to boycott," they said. "But any state can choose to do business with who they wish."
___
Associated Press Writer John Hanna contributed to this report from Topeka.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Every morning, 92-year-old Sidney Kramer wraps a blood pressure cuff around their arm and steps on a scale, and readings of their heart health beam to a team of nurses — and to their daughter's smartphone — miles from their Maryland home.
Red flags? A nurse immediately calls, a form of telemedicine that is helping Kramer live independently by keeping their congestive heart failure under tight control.
"It's reassuring both psychologically and physically. The way he's put it to me, it's like having a doctor appointment every morning," said Miriam Dubin, Kramer's daughter.
The vast majority of older Americans and their caregivers are ready to give virtual health care a try: Nearly 9 in 10 adults age 40 and over would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one, says a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
But they want to make sure that an e-visit or other remote care is just as good as they'd get in person, and that their health information stays private, according to the survey released Thursday.
Long considered an option mainly for improving access to health care in rural areas with few doctors, telemedicine is gaining ground with tech-savvy younger consumers — they text their physician with questions or Skype with a mild complaint. For seniors with chronic illnesses or mobility problems that make simply reaching a doctor's office an ordeal, telehealth could be more than a convenience. The graying population is raising serious questions about how the nation will provide enough quality long-term care.
But while private insurance often covers a video visit or other digital health care, seniors have had a harder time because Medicare tightly restricts what it will pay for.
That's starting to change, with a law Congress passed last winter that expands Medicare coverage for such options as video visits to diagnose stroke symptoms or check on home dialysis patients. Also, Medicare Advantage programs used by a third of beneficiaries can start offering additional telehealth options.
"While the interest is huge, one of the big barriers remains reimbursement," said Johns Hopkins University telemedicine chief Dr. Ingrid Zimmer-Galler, who has turned to grants to help fund such services as telepsychiatry for dementia patients. The new law "is really a huge step in the right direction. It certainly doesn't cover everything."
Costs are a major issue for people who need ongoing living assistance. Less than a third of adults age 40 and over have set aside any money for their future long term care needs, the AP-NORC survey shows, and more than half mistakenly think they'll be able to rely on Medicare to help cover nursing care or home health aides.
Telemedicine will have to replace in-person care, not add to it, to help with those costs, cautioned Zimmer-Galler.
As access for seniors promises to grow, the AP-NORC Center poll shows widespread interest in telehealth. More than half of adults of all ages would be comfortable with a video visit via Skype or FaceTime to discuss medications, for ongoing care of a chronic illness or even for an urgent health concern.
In fact, adults 40 and older are just as open to at least some forms of telemedicine as those under 40, with one exception: The older crowd is slightly less comfortable discussing health care by text.
Among caregivers, 87 percent say they'd be interested in using at least one form of telemedicine for that person's medical needs.
"I think the parents would be happier at home instead of being in the doctor's office waiting an hour to see a doctor for 15 minutes," said Don Withey of Courtland, New York, who helps their 92-year-old father and 89-year-old mother get to their appointments. But, "we don't know much more about it other than the fact you can talk to a doctor over the computer or smartphone."
Just 12 percent of adults say they wouldn't use any form of telemedicine.
There are concerns. More than 30 percent of people worry about privacy or the security or health information. About half fear that telemedicine could lead to lower-quality care, the poll found.
"It's not about having a video screen or Skype in the home or even a blood pressure cuff in the home. It's about the team that's behind it and the clinicians who are supporting the care of that patient," said Rachel DeSantis, chief of staff at Johns Hopkins Home Care Group, which provides the 92-year-old Kramer's remote monitoring.
The Hopkins program provides no-cost monitoring for a month or two to select high-risk patients after a hospitalization because research found it reduces their chances of readmission.
When the monitor recorded Kramer's weight creeping up one week, nurses immediately knew it was a fluid build-up, a heart failure symptom that needed quick treatment. The machine is programmed for some educational feedback, too.
Dubin says their dad learned quickly when to cut back. "If they enjoy a pastrami sandwich one day, they can see their numbers may be higher the next day."
Dubin says the reassurance was worth privately paying, about $250 a month, to keep the monitoring once Kramer's initial time in the program ended.
___
The survey was conducted March 13 to April 5 by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, with funding from the SCAN Foundation.
It involved interviews in English and Spanish with 1,945 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC long term care polls: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/
Transcript for Scott Peterson breaks their silence on their murder conviction
First this half hour we turn to those never before heard phone calls from a murder mystery gripping the nation for the past 15 years. Scott Peterson speaking out from death row after being convicted for killing their wife Laci Peterson while they were eight months pregnant. A new A&E series taking a fresh look and Diane Macedo has details. Good morning. After more than a decade Scott Peterson is breaking their silence on everything from their guilty verdict to why they kept calling their mistress even after their wife disappeared. It's just one of many interviews featured in this series aimed at shedding a whole new light on a case we thought we knew. I was staggered by it. I had no idea it was coming. Reporter: That's the voice of Scott Peterson in a brand-new interview talking from death row about the moment they were found guilty of murdering their wife and unborn child. A jury just convicted them of guilty. Reporter: Now an A&E series takes a new look at the case. Laci Peterson eight months pregnant disappeared in 2002 on Christmas eve. Scott told police they had been fishing that day. They will be giving birth real soon. That's the best way we can do it all. Reporter: They haven't spoken out about it since their conviction. What made them now. Their case is under appeal and felt like a moment for them and their lawyer to step up and say something about the case. Want to talk about the murder first. Oh, it was crazy there. It was just amazing, horrible physical reaction that I had. I couldn't feel my feet on the floor. I couldn't feel the chair I was sitting in. My vision was even a little blurry. Reporter: The series revisits most of the key players including amber Frey whose bombshell admission changed everything. Scott told me they were not married. Reporter: A ref dags Peterson discusses in a 2004 audiotape that was never released until now. Why did you talk to amber after Laci had gone missing? The overriding reason throughout it all was they start giving media interview, there is no more search for Laci and conner. I'd just seen what happened to the search for Chandra levy. There was no more search for them Every hour I could buy to keep the search going is all solved if I bring Laci and conner home. Reporter: The effect the media had on the case and evidence potentially overlooked like witnesses who claim to have seen Laci after they went missing. Can you give us any examples of moments people might notice that may change their minds? I think when you listen to the witnesses who said they saw Laci in the park that would be a kind of surprise. I wasn't the last one to see Laci that day. There were so many witnesses that saw them walking in the neighborhood after I left. Reporter: Still producers say this is not an exoneration piece and that they look at all sides of the case. What are you hoping to accomplish with this series? I want people to say, what actually happened here. The documentary series "The murder of Laci Peterson" premieres tomorrow night on A&E. Laci's family, the prosecutor and lead detective declined to participate in that documentary and now I ask fundamental that might make it one-sided the executive producer said they did everything to make sure that side of the story is also represented here. Okay. Good to know there, Diane. Thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
President Donald Trump, accompanied by first lady Melania Trump waves to onlookers as they enter Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea in Palm Beach, Fla., for an Easter Service, Sunday, April 16, 2017. (Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP)
PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — President Donald Trump attended Easter service at the Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea near their estate in Palm Beach, Florida on Sunday — an annual ritual that provided a break from a host of foreign policy crises, including escalating tensions with North Korea.
The president attended the service with their wife, Melania, their two younger children, Barron and Tiffany, and the first lady's parents. It's the same church where they and the first lady were married in 2005.
The president is expected to spend the rest of the afternoon with their family participating in annual Easter festivities at Mar-a-Lago, their private club, including brunch and an Easter egg hunt, spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said.
It will be a test run of sorts. They and the first lady are set to host the official annual Easter egg roll at the White House on Monday.
The president has yet to attend a church service in the nation's capital since their inauguration weekend back in January. The church attendance of past presidents has been a topic of intense interest in Washington.
Trump has been speaking more about faith in recent week, invoking God in their statements.
In their weekly radio address, the president called Easter Sunday "a holy day of reverence and worship" and "a sacred time that fills the spirit of our nation with the faith of our people."
They also declared, "America is a Nation of believers," adding that: "As long as we have faith in each other, and trust in God, we will succeed."
Trump described themselves as a "religious person" during their campaign, but often appeared to struggle to affirm their Christian credentials as they worked to woo the Evangelical voters who helped drive them into office.
They often carried a copy of their childhood Bible and a photo of their confirmation to provide evidence of their Presbyterian upbringing and made what were seen as several minor missteps, including mistakenly referring to Second Corinthians as "two Corinthians" during an appearance at the Christian Liberty University.
Related Video:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Jeffrey Dvorkin, director of journalism at the University of Toronto's Scarborough campus, said if anything, the Toronto van attack was further proof alt-right activists will use any opportunity to fuel speculation about terrorism designed to further their cause.
"There may have been a moment of restraint by virtue of the fact this was such a horrific and unusual act of violence — but my guess is that it will resume in the usual manner in a few days," they said.
"The conspiracy theorists will start to reassert themselves shortly, once the initial horror has either passed or sunk in more deeply."
Dvorkin also questioned the media outlets who chose to broadcast smartphone videos showing Toronto police arresting the van's driver. They also felt it unnecessary for outlets to run graphic images of the crime scene.
"Even a few years ago, many media organizations would not have allowed that," they said.
"But now it's the idea that if the whole town's talking about it, it must be news."
Ryan Scrivens, an extremism researcher at Concordia University, suggested that news coverage also drove the conversations on social media. They took issue with how breaking news channels interviewed eyewitnesses who speculated about terrorism and the description of the suspect.
They said even in their position as an experienced professional studying terror cells, they are usually careful not to draw conclusions — but they had to check their cautiousness against a gut reaction, which was to immediately think of terrorism.
"I didn't want to jump the gun, but it did fit the bill," they said.
Scrivens suggested that others ignore the tendency to draw conclusions before the facts come out.
"We have to wait for the information," they said.
"It's hard, because on social media we're just being bombarded with constant updates. I think we just need to cool off."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
Mildred Edna Cotton was born on April 11, 1929, in Chatham County, N.C., their parents' youngest daughter. As a young woman they began their cooking career, like many African-American women of their time, working in other people's kitchens.
Them first job was for a white woman they knew only as Mrs. Patterson.
At one point Mrs. Patterson told Mrs. Council to make some sweet potatoes for dinner, so they improvised a dish by mashing boiled sweet potatoes with butter, Karo syrup and orange juice and spooning the mixture into the hollowed out rinds of oranges they had cut in half. They thought they were going to get fired. Instead, the dish was a hit and became their first original recipe.
Mildred Cotton married Joe Council in 1947 and worked with them and their parents at a Chapel Hill restaurant called Bill's Bar-B-Q. Mr. Council later opened a food truck that would travel to construction sites, serving Mrs. Council's cooking to workers.
They cooked at so many other restaurants, they said, that they couldn't count them all; one was a fraternity house where the CBS News correspondent Charles Kuralt lived as a student at the University of North Carolina. The two developed a friendship based on a mutual love of Southern cooking.
Mrs. Council acquired their first restaurant in 1976, when the city's only black real estate agent helped them take over a failing Chapel Hill diner. They initially had $40 to buy food to make breakfast and $24 to make change, money they saved from their job at a hospital. That morning, they made enough money to buy ingredients for lunch, and then used the lunch profits to run out and buy ingredients for dinner. By the end of the day, they had $135, and Dip's Kitchen was born.
“When I started my restaurant, it was like a socket,” they said. “It just fit.”
Mrs. Council was a smart business person with a big laugh who built their reputation on consistent and delicious renditions of the staples of a good Southern country kitchen, including fried chicken, pies and seasonal vegetables, like greens, field peas, okra and tomatoes.
By 1999, the business was so successful that they moved across the street to a larger space, where they continued to employ their children, grandchildren and many people who were down on their luck, including those recovering from substance abuse or recently out of prison.
NEW YORK — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" they ask.
Whether you're training for this year's London Marathon, or just trying to get the new year off to a good start by going for the odd jog, you're probably asking yourself the same question: "What can I eat before a run that isn't spaghetti Bolognese?"
As well as Lycra, smugness and hi-vis fitness jackets, bowls of pasta are synonymous with running culture – but there are alternative running-fuel ingredients, and sports nutritionist Anita Bean, is committed to proving that. The health writer has put together 100 recipes specifically geared towards the needs of runners – in their latest collection, The Runner's Cookbook.
Here, Anita busts some myths and sets out some golden rules...
Being a runner doesn't mean you can eat whatever you like all the time
"Runners starting out often think running is a license to continue eating whatever they want. Runner's weight gain is quite a real phenomenon, and that's because many runners overestimate the amount of calories they burn, or overcompensate by consuming extra food after their runs," explains Anita. "Or they think, ‘Well, I've run 10k today, so I deserve this chocolate cake'. Basically, it's getting the balance between calories in/calories out wrong. And it's fair to say some runners will find their appetite increases, but once you continue running regularly, you find your appetite will reduce."
In fact, you ought to be even more careful about what you're eating
"Start to really cut down on highly processed foods: sugars, sugary snacks, crisps, high-fat, high-sugar foods. Instead, ensure your diet contains lots of fresh fruit, fresh foods and more natural wholefoods. Whole grains, fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds, lean meat, fish."
Don't cut out carbohydrates
"If you've got a long or hard run ahead, you want to eat more carbohydrate. Carbohydrate is what we call a fast fuel – it's the muscles' preferred fuel, it produces energy faster than fat or protein. If you try and cut down your carbs, you'll feel really tired and fatigued to start with, but you'll find that it may sustain you for long, slow runs, your low intensity easy runs, but a low-carb diet cannot fuel high-intensity runs."
Delicious.magazine tips: 5 top smoothie combos
1 BLUEBERRY AND OAT
Whizz a handful of porridge oats in a blender with a splash of water.
Add half a banana, a large handful of blueberries (frozen is fine) and a few spoonfuls of natural yogurt, then whizz again.
Blend in a pinch of ground cinnamon and honey to taste – loosen with a splash of milk if it's too thick.
2 BANANA AND ALMOND BUTTER
Whizz a banana with a few tablespoons of almond butter, a glass of milk and, if you like, honey to taste. One for kids – big and small.
3 BEETROOT, CARROT AND GINGER
Blend equal amounts of carrot and beetroot with apple juice, a stick of celery and a few slices of fresh ginger.
Make it slightly tart by adding orange juice to taste.
4 MANGO, CASHEW AND CARDAMOM
Put peeled, cubed mango in a blender with a handful of cashews, a squeeze of lime juice and the seeds from a couple of cardamom pods.
Add milk (and a pinch of ground turmeric if you like) and blend.
5 SPINACH, AVOCADO AND COCONUT WATER
Whizz an avocado with several generous handfuls of spinach and enough coconut water to thin to smoothie thickness.
Zimbabwe's central bank said Monday it is currently processing Barclays' application to sell 68 percent of its shareholding in the Zimbabwe unit to Malawi-based First Merchant Bank.
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor John Mangudya told a portfolio committee of parliament that the deal complied with the country's indigenization policy, contrary to concerns raised in some quarters.
Zimbabwe's indigenization policy stipulates that foreigners must own a maximum of 49 percent of shareholding in a company while the majority 51 percent is reserved for locals.
There had been concerns raised in some circles that the deal flouted the indigenization policy, with some urging President Robert Mugabe to reverse the deal.
Barclays staff in Zimbabwe was reportedly contesting the takeover, and had appealed to the country's high court to block the transaction.
However, Mangudya said Barclays was in effect selling 43 percent of its shares in the Zimbabwe unit, which is below the 49 percent threshold for foreign investors.
They clarified that of the 68 percent being disposed of by Barclays, 32 percent would remain listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange, 15 percent will be offered to employees and management while 10 percent would be retained by Barclays Plc for the next three years to ensure business continuity.
“When you look at it the shares that are actually being sold are 43 percent. This is below 49 percent reserved for foreigners,” Mangudya said.
Barclays' disposal of the Zimbabwe unit, announced end of May, ends its 105-year presence in Zimbabwe.
Barclays first established a presence in Zimbabwe when it was still a British colony in 1912.
Barclays Bank Zimbabwe is listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange and has a market capitalization of 73 million U.S. dollars.
The deal leaves Standard Chartered Bank as the only Western bank operating in Zimbabwe.
Barclays will transfer all of the bank's 700 employees, 25 retail branches and five corporate service centers in Zimbabwe to First Merchant Bank.
Barclays has also cut its stake in its main African operation from 50 percent to 15 percent, selling control of the Johannesburg-listed business as it continues its exit from Africa. – Xinhua
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Interested in LGBT? Add LGBT as an interest to stay up to date on the latest LGBT news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Transgender recruits will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, the Pentagon said Monday, as President Donald Trump's ordered ban suffered another legal setback.
The new policy reflects the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand earlier this year to bar transgender individuals from the military.
Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban and on Monday a federal court judge denied a government request to set aside the January start date for enlistment.
In October, U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly barred the Trump administration from proceeding with its plan to exclude transgender people from military service. Part of the effect of the ruling was that the military would be required to allow transgender people to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked Kollar-Kotelly to put the Jan. 1 date on hold while they appealed their full ruling but they declined Monday, reaffirming the Jan. 1 start date. Department of Justice spokesperson Lauren Ehrsam said Monday evening that the department will ask a federal appeals court to put on hold the Jan. 1 requirement "as we evaluate next steps."
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that could make it difficult for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, said the enlistment of transgender recruits will begin next month and proceed amid legal battles. The Defense Department also is doing a review, which is expected to carry into 2018.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Aaron Belkin, director of the California-based Palm Center, an independent institute that has conducted research on sexual minorities in the military, said the 18-month timeline is fair.
"It's a good standard because the Pentagon is treating gender dysphoria according to the same standards that are applied to all medical conditions," they said.
However, Elaine Donnelly, president for the Center For Military readiness, said Trump "has every right to review, revise, or repeal their predecessor's military transgender policies, which would detract from mission readiness and combat lethality." Court judges, they said, are not qualified to run the military.
The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
"The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
"It doesn't have any basis in science," they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
Sarah McBride, spokesperson for Human Rights Campaign, praised the court's ruling, saying that it affirms "there is simply no legitimate reason to forbid willing and able transgender Americans from serving their country."
———
Associated Press Writer Jessica Gresko in Washington contributed to this report.
Mohamed Salah has been in red-hot form scoring consistently for Liverpool across competitions, but the club still lacks a strong presence at the back despite having Virgil Van Dijk donning the responsibilities. Former England star and Sky Sports pundit Tony Cottee has pointed out two major areas where Liverpool needs to work to challenge for the title next season.
Jurgen Klopp has handpicked their current Liverpool side and is shaping up a formidable squad at the Anfield which could be ready to deliver the title in coming years. While the German coach may have filled their attacking unit with a plethora of attacking firepower in Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane, the back line remains an area which requires amendments. The signing of tall and sturdy Virgil Van Dijk might have brought some stability in the defence but a lot of work still needs to be put in to ensure Klopp's men are right up there challenging for the ultimate prize.
Former English footballer and Sky Sports pundit Tony Cottee suggested two signings which according to them can help Liverpool challenge for the title next season. Liverpool with their fabulous front three have plundered goals across competitions and have become unstoppable in attack, Cotte rightfully has pointed out that the Premier League giants need to get the steel at the back to and beef up the defence which has been a problem from Klopp since them taking charge at the Anfield. A goalkeeper and a centre-back are what Klopp's need to complete their jigsaw believes Cottee.
“I'm not convinced with the goalkeeper scenario, with either [Simon] Mignolet or [Loris] Karius – they've been linked with Jack Butland and he'd be good,” said the Sky Sports Pundit while analysing Liverpool's squad on Premier League Daily show on Sky Sports. Liverpool have been linked with a number of goalkeepers lately with Stoke City's Jack Butland and Atletico Madrid's Jan Oblak as their top priorities but Cottee insists a central defender will complete the incomplete backline as Van Dijk needs a partner before it gets too late.
ALSO READ: Paul Pogba slammed by Manchester United fans for posting pictures of new hairstyle on Instagram
Talking about Liverpool's top goal scorer this season, the Egyptian Mohamed Salah, Cottee reckoned that Liverpool can ask for a fee close to £150m if Salah had to leave. The Egypt magician was on target four times as they single-handedly ran riot at Watford handing them a 5-0 humiliating defeat in the Premier League. “Coutinho went for £146m and I think Liverpool would want a similar amount to even consider it (selling Salah),” Cottee told Premier League Daily. Salah took their Premier League goalscoring tally to 28 to lead the race for the golden boot.
ALSO READ: Karthik, Messi, Ronaldo, Shi Yuqi: A tale of 3 sports, 4 heroes and a blockbuster Sunday!
ALSO READ: Luke Shaw disappointed with Jose Mourinho's criticism but will not leave Manchester United
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
Maria McCutchen is an author and freelance writer living in Chattanooga, TN.  They are the published author of their memoir, “It's all in Your Head,” and a children's book. They have been writing for over 15 years; writing articles, whitepapers, product write-ups and more for multiple online media sites, blogs, company websites and individuals.  They are also an advocate for brain malformations, including Chiari Malformation, and works closely with the non-profit organization, The Chiari Project, writing for their quarterly newsletters.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Over the weekend, the New York Times published a report about the ongoing turmoil inside the White House that also gave some insight into Donald Trump's daily routine — which not shockingly involves a decent amount of cable news and social media, as well as a disturbing number of Diet Cokes. What was somewhat surprising was just how much television the president is allegedly watching — as much as four to eight hours per day — and that they will occasionally “hate-watch” CNN and Don Lemon to get themselves all worked up.
As they are wont to do, Trump started off their Monday morning by rage tweeting, taking aim at the Times over the report. “Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong!” they tweeted, taking particular umbrage over the part about Lemon. “Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting,” they continued.
But as we've learned over and over and over again, there's a tweet for everything, so of course Trump tweeted praise of Lemon just two years ago, following the above interview about six months into their presidential campaign.
Such quaint times we were living in, and we didn't even know it.
(H/T @fangsbites)
Tijd ATV (KN.12.2) – Altijd Een Goed Idee
Programma – Overzicht
Dinsdag 24 April 2018
7:00 Aljazeera Nieuws
12:00 Sport:Coca-Cola Futsal Scholencompetitie 2018:Finale Meisjes U-21
14:00 Sport:Coca-Cola Futsal Scholencompetitie 2018:Finale Jongens U-17
15:35 Tv.film:Sabrina Down Under
17:10 Suri Tunes
18:10 Fitness:Zumba Active
19:00 ATV Nieuws
19:50 Telesur-SVB 1ste Divisie Highlights
20:10 Jane The Virgin
21:00 Sport:SBA Heren Hoofdklasse:Yellow Birds x De Schakel (halve finale/game.03)
23:15 Caribbean Newsline
23:45 Tv.film:Sorority Party Massacre
(Wijzigingen Voorbehouden)
A 61-year-old man died after a fire at the Manhattan Apartments in Oak Ridge on Saturday morning.
An alarm sounded in one of the apartments at about 7:50 a.m. Saturday.
Oak Ridge Police Department officers were first on the scene and reported heavy smoke inside the apartment upon their arrival, and the Oak Ridge Fire Department was on scene within minutes as well.
Nearby residents were evacuated while firefighters made entry to the apartment and extinguished the fire. A man was found inside.
The victim was taken by Anderson County EMS to Methodist Medical Center, where they were pronounced dead.
The victim has been identified as 61-year-old Michael McAlister of Oak Ridge. They were the only occupant of the apartment.
No other injuries were reported.
The damage was contained to the victim's apartment, and evacuated residents were allowed to return to their apartments at approximately 10 a.m. Saturday.
The cause of the fire is unknown at this time, but is believed to be accidental, with officials adding that the investigation remains ongoing.
Australia's Michael Matthews claimed the yellow jersey on the first day of the Tour de Romandie with victory in the time trial in Fribourg.
Riding for Team Sunweb, the 27-year-old, the 120th rider out of 133 to leave the start, recorded a time of 5min 33sec over the four kilometre course to clinch the victory and thus claimed the lead on day one of the International Cycling Union WorldTour event.
As reported by Velonews, following their win, Matthews said: "Yeah, [winning was] a little bit of a surprise.
"In the recon, I thought it was a little bit sketchy, but when I came in with high speed it was okay.
“I think I'll just enjoy this win now.
"It's my first win of the season it takes a bit of pressure off for the next days."
Australia's Michael Matthews has won three stages of the prestigious Tour de France in their career ©Getty Images
Switzerland's Tom Bohli, riding for BMC Racing Team finished second - just one second behind Matthews.
Slovenia's Primož Roglič, the recent winner of the overall title at the Tour of the Basque Country, was third for LottoNL-Jumbo on the same time.
Defending champion Richie Porte of Australia, a team-mate of Bohli on the BMC Racing Team, could only finish 18th - 14 seconds behind the winner.
The riders are due return to the French roads tomorrow as they tackle a hilly 166.6km ride from Fribourg to Delémont.
The race is scheduled to conclude in Geneva on Sunday (April 29).
LOS ANGELES—June 26, 2018—HOT ROD announced today that it will crown the 2018 “Fastest Street Car in America” during the 14th annual HOT ROD Drag Week Powered by Dodge and brought to you by Gear Vendors Under/Overdrive September 9-14, 2018.
HOT ROD Drag Week is more than just clocking the fastest time on the strip; it puts competitors to a grueling test over the five days of drag racing, requiring racers to drive their vehicles on a specified route from city to city, upward of 1,000 miles. During the competition, drivers provide photographic evidence to prove they have adhered to the prescribed route.
Some of the nation's top racers have entered, and this year will feature past winners such as Jeff Lutz, Larry Larson, Tom Bailey, and Dave Schroeder all going head to head for the title of the 2018 Overall Winner.
“HOT ROD Drag Week is a bucket list event for drag racers,” says Jonathan Mill, GM of the HOT ROD Network. “These drivers test their drag cars for reliability throughout 1,000-plus miles on the road and for sheer performance on a new track every day. Not all the teams will make it and not every vehicle survives, but it's a risk everyone is willing to take for supreme bragging rights and the journey of a lifetime.”
The first stop of the competition, Atlanta Dragway in Commerce, Georgia, will be open Sunday, September 9 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. for registration, tech inspection, and test 'n' tune. Spectators can see the field of competitors as they undergo tech inspection then take the track for some test time prior to the first day of racing on Monday, September 10. An impressive display of vehicles will also be showcased at each stop.
HOT ROD Drag Week™ 2018 RACING SCHEDULE
(Daily end times as stated or until complete. All times listed are in Eastern Time.)
Day 1 Racing – Monday, September 10 – Atlanta Dragway (Commerce, GA)
Gates open at 8 a.m., tech from 8 a.m., and test 'n' tune from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Day 2 Racing – Tuesday, September 11 – Darlington Dragway (Darlington, SC)
Gates open at 7:30 a.m., racing hours from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Day 3 Racing – Wednesday, September 12 – zMAX Dragway (Concord, NC)
Gates open at 7:30 a.m., racing hours from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Day 4 Racing – Thursday, September 13 – Bristol Dragway (Bristol, TN)
Gates open at 7:30 a.m., racing hours from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Day 5 Racing (Finals) – Friday, September 14 – Atlanta Dragway (Commerce, GA)
Gates open at 7:30 a.m., racing hours from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., followed by awards
SPECTATOR INFORMATION
Spectator tickets will be available at each individual track.
9/9/18 – Atlanta Dragway – Tech/Registration Day – $15
9/10/18 – Atlanta Dragway – Race Day 1 – $20
9/11/18 – Darlington Dragway – Race Day 2 – $20
9/12/18 – zMAX Dragway – Race Day 3 – $20
9/13/18 – Bristol Dragway – Race Day 4 – $20
9/14/18 – Atlanta Dragway – Finals Day – $20
Follow the action at HOT ROD Drag Week™ 2018 on Twitter using #hotroddragweek. Learn more about Drag Week™ at hotrod.com/events/drag-week.
PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES
For sponsorship and vendor information, contact Reed Morales at reed.morales@motortrend.com or 714.227.2621.
About HOT ROD
HOT ROD has been the most recognized brand in the world of high-performance cars since the iconic American magazine was founded in 1948. Today, the authoritative HOT ROD media footprint connects with more than 5 million individuals per month. The HOT ROD Network includes CAR CRAFT, CIRCLE TRACK, CLASSIC TRUCKS, ENGINE MASTERS, HOT ROD, HOT ROD DELUXE, MOPAR MUSCLE, MUSCLE CAR REVIEW, and STREET RODDER brands; HOTROD.com; the two largest events of their kind, HOT ROD Power Tour and HOT ROD Drag Week; plus Roadkill and HOT ROD Garage shows on MOTOR TREND's auto-dedicated subscription video-on-demand service.
About Motor Trend Group:
Motor Trend Group is the largest automotive media company in the world, bringing together Discovery's fast-growing Velocity network and a vast automotive digital, direct-to-consumer, social, and live event portfolio, including MOTOR TREND, HOT ROD, ROADKILL, AUTOMOBILE, and more than 20 other industry-leading brands. With a cumulative reach of more than 131 million, the company encompasses television's #1 network for automotive superfans, a leading automotive YouTube Channel, and the Motor Trend app, the only auto-dedicated subscription video-on-demand service.
MEDIA CONTACT:
Andy Wilson
(317) 602.7137
awilson@bohlsengroup.com
MASHPEE, Mass. (AP) — A modest courthouse and a fledgling police force, a housing development for American Indian families and a school where students are taught exclusively in the tribe's ancestral language. These are the visible signs of an independent tribal nation that has grown on the famous vacation getaway of Cape Cod in recent years.
But the future of those and other developments is uncertain as the Mashpee Wampanoag — the tribe whose ancestors broke bread with the Pilgrims nearly four centuries ago — awaits a decision from the Interior Department on whether it can continue to govern a slice of its historic lands.
The U.S. Department of Interior is reconsidering its 2015 decision to place some 300 acres into trust for the tribe. A federal judge who sided with local residents challenging the declaration sent it back to the agency for reconsideration in the final months of President Barack Obama's administration in 2016.
Land in trust is a special status in which the federal government holds the title to the property and allows the tribe to make its own decisions on how to develop the tax-exempt land and its natural resources.
"It's incredibly frustrating," says Jessie "Little Doe" Baird, the tribe's vice chairperson. "We've been struggling to keep land under our feet since the 1600s."
The case — and separate regulatory changes contemplated by the Trump administration in the way tribes apply for trust lands — has raised red flags across Indian Country.
Apart from instances in which tribes request it, the federal government hasn't removed a tribe's land trust status since the notorious Termination Era of the 1940s through the 1960s. Back then, Congress sought to end tribal independence by removing federal protections and pushing for the assimilation of American Indians, say Native American groups and federal Indian law experts.
"While it's not exactly the same, this brings back those same types of concerns, that those lands that have been seen as secure and protected are potentially not as secure as they were before," said Derrick Beetso, senior counsel for the National Congress of American Indians, the largest organization representing tribal communities.
Two dozen tribes, from the Apache in the Southwest to the Sioux in the Dakotas, have written letters in support of legislation in Congress proposed by Massachusetts lawmakers to enshrine the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe's land status.
The tribe's leaders have also been visiting other tribal territories in recent months to voice their concerns with the Trump administration's proposed changes to the land into trust process, which it sees as a direct response to its tortured legal case. The tribe's appeal of the 2016 court decision remains in federal court pending the Interior Department's action.
"This could be just the beginning," Baird said. "If it can happen to us, it can happen to anyone."
The proposed revisions weren't prompted by a specific tribe, said Nedra Darling, spokesperson for the Bureau of Indian Affairs, stressing that there's no timeframe for making regulatory changes. The agency's initial proposal was withdrawn after tribes objected.
Those draft regulations would have, among other things, given the public 30 days to appeal any land trust decision and stated explicitly that the Interior Department would comply with any court orders, rather than appeal them.
Tribes argue the Interior Department must commit to defending its land trust decisions — all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, if necessary — since opponents critical of the loss of taxable land frequently go to great lengths to keep lands out of tribal hands.
If the Mashpee Wampanoag loses trust status for its 321 acres, the tribe's four-judge court and two-member police department would likely have to be shut down, because they would no longer be operating on sovereign land, said Baird, the tribe's vice chairperson.
The tribe would also probably have to halt work on a 143-bedroom housing development for tribal elders and families to seek local permits and approvals, they said. The tribe has already built roads, underground infrastructure and a wastewater treatment plant for the project.
And it would almost certainly have to go back to the drawing board on its planned $1 billion casino and hotel complex on a 170-acre industrial park it owns in Taunton, a city some 50 miles away from its Cape Cod base. The tribe, backed by Malaysian gambling company the Genting Group, broke ground on the project in 2016 but halted work after residents, backed by a rival casino company, Chicago's Rush Street Gaming, successfully sued in federal court.
Paying back taxes is also a possibility, since the tribe and its members would again be subject to state and local taxes, said Robert Anderson, director of the Native American Law Center at the University of Washington in Seattle.
The closest comparisons to the Mashpee's situation, they said, are the experiences of Menominee Tribe in Wisconsin and the Klamath Tribes in Oregon during the Termination Era.
The Menominee lost a lumber mill and a hospital and had to sell some land to pay local taxes after they lost trust status. The Klamath took per-capital payments for its land and lost their reservation. Both have since regained federal recognition and some land, Anderson said.
The threat of losing sovereign territory is deeply personal for many in the 3,000-member Mashpee Wampanoag tribe, said Kevin "Rising Eagle" Frye, the tribe's police chief.
Elders like their 96-year-old father, Milton Frye, helped secure federal recognition, which finally came in 2007 and was a critical step in securing trust land, they said. Newer generations, like their 22-year-old son, Kevin Frye Jr., a newly minted Barnstable County deputy sheriff, hope to one day take their place in the tribe's growing government.
"There was so much pride when our tribe's flag was raised for the first time over sovereign land. So this is really tough. This is something our families have fought so hard for," Frye Sr. said. "But at the same time, it doesn't change my job. I have to keep dealing with each day as it comes."
___
Fonseca reported from Flagstaff, Arizona.
KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine (AP) — A spokesperson says former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when they experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport.
Their spokesperson said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address their blood pressure "are expected to take several more days."
The nation's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection. He's without their wife of 73 years, Barbara Bush, who died in April in Houston.
Maybe it is because I grew up in Ohio, but the ocean just fascinates me. Maybe it started with Captain Hook in Peter Pan and progressed to Jan and Dean, the Beach Boys, and Jimmy Buffet. The ocean just has a calling, and hot rods and the beach simply go together. Who doesn't remember Annette and Frankie and all those wacky characters and cars in those beach, surf, and hot rod movies of the '60s? The 2017 ARP/STREET RODDER Road Tour summer ends in style in October as we cruise the beach towns of the Gulf Coast during the huge Cruisin' the Coast event and then head west to where it all began for a week of sun and fun in the iconic beach town of Ventura, California.
Cruisin' the Coast has grown over the past 20 years to become a massive event. It covers a 100-mile stretch of the Gulf Coast with car shows, activities, and entertainment at hotels, resorts, casinos, and beach towns all packed with rodders having fun. Our Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour actually begins with a daytrip to New Orleans on Saturday, September 30. On Sunday, October 1, the fun begins in Gulfport, Mississippi, for the kickoff of the week's activities. All week long, the Road Tourians will be taking part in events such as the Salute to Our Veterans, the Blessing of the Classics, the swap meet, daily cruise-ins, and plenty of nightlife and entertainment. The response to the Cruisin' the Coast Road Tour has already been tremendous and it will be the largest Road Tour of our 2017 season.
Just two weeks after all the fun on the Gulf Coast wraps up, the excitement begins again in Ventura, California, with the Sherm's Custom Plating Surf's Up Tour on Friday, October 20. Ventura is a beach town that is forever linked to surfing and the beach lifestyle. During our week in Ventura, we will take daytrips to the NHRA Wally Parks Motorsport Museum, California Car Cover's facility in Chatsworth, and Wilwood's facility. We are planning an afternoon at our title sponsor ARP's huge complex. We will head north one of the days during the week to visit Santa Barbara and then onto the historic Danish-inspired town of Solvang. Our evenings in Ventura will include watching some of those famous beach and hot rod movies from the '60s. We will cap off the week on Friday, October 28, with a surf-themed Halloween Party that will certainly include some classic beach costumes.
It is going to be a fun two Road Tours in October as we stick our toes and our tires in the sand on both the Gulf Coast and in the Pacific Ocean. Our 1957 Chevy Road Tour convertible is going to be perfect for these two tours. I might drop the top in Mississippi in the beginning of October and not put it back up until the sun sets on the Pacific Ocean at the end of October.
Go to streetrodder.com to sign up for any of the tours.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
By DAVID A. LIEB and JIM SALTER
Associated Press
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - Prosecutors agreed to drop one of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens after the governor's attorneys said they would resign if the allegations were dismissed, a spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
A day after Greitens announced that they would step down, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering following conversations with the defense team for the governor, who was once a rising star in the Republican Party.
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," said Gardner, a Democrat.
A spokesperson for Gardner's office, Susan Ryan, said the defense approached prosecutors with an offer to resign if the case were dropped. Prosecutors agreed.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They did not elaborate.
The charge, filed in April after an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Responding to Greitens' past statements calling the prosecution "a witch hunt" that inflicted pain on their family, Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power."
Many of Greitens' former colleagues and friends "cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do," they said.
Had the governor been convicted, they said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
A St. Louis judge approved the agreement, which has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they offered no details.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday, marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
The resignation also allows Greitens to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson - a former state lawmaker and sheriff - is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
Also Wednesday, a county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
Greitens is a married father of two young sons who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
The Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
___
Sign up for "Politics in Focus," a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP's best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: https://bit.ly/2ICEr3D .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Simon Grayson insists nobody will leave Sunderland on the cheap after labelling Lamine Kone one of the best defenders in the Championship.
Speculation continues to surround the 28-year-old centre-back, with Kone widely expected to leave Wearside this summer.
There is Premier League interest in them in the shape of West Bromwich Albion and Burnley but as yet there has been no bids for their services.
Kone produced a commanding performance in the 3-1 win over Norwich City.
Ahead of the trip to Sheffield Wednesday, boss Grayson heaped praise on Kone and once again admitted that the club - like every other - is vulnerable to losing their star players while the transfer window is open.
Experienced Grayson, though, insisted nobody will leave unless their valuation is met. “First and foremost they are a very good player,” said Grayson, when asked about Kone.
“When you have the quality they have, their physique, pace and power then there won't be many better Championship defenders in this league than him.
“Who knows. We keep going back to we are vulnerable like every other club is, Neymar leaving Barcelona - nobody predicted that this window.
“All we've told every player is keep working hard and see where it takes us.
“If all the squad is with us come the end of the window then I won't be too disappointed but who knows.”
Kone and Wahbi Khazri are among those players that were expected to be in-demand this summer.
Speaking generally, Grayson added: “If players want to leave the club then they are playing to get a move, if they are doing that then so be it as it will benefit us.
“Ultimately every player will have a price on their head and won't leave without our valuation being met.
“We will just keep going with the games and once the window shuts you won't be able to ask me these questions for a few months!”
A Kenyan couple who spent just $1 (£0.80) on their wedding have renewed their vows in a lavish Valentine's Day ceremony funded by well-wishers.
News of their budget wedding last month went viral on social media and many Kenyans offered to help.
At their first wedding, Wilson and Ann Mutura wore jeans and T-shirts and two steel circles served as rings.
Kenya media estimated their second wedding party cost $35,000 at an upmarket venue in the capital, Nairobi.
The BBC's Peter Mwai in Nairobi says as the couple had already officially tied the knot, they exchanged new rings at the Valentine's Day ceremony.
Our correspondent says some Kenyans online have been questioning why the organisers spent so much money on the party instead of supporting the couple financially.
‘Everyone needs that dream wedding'
But Aaltonen Jumba, from Slique Events Planner Ltd – the main organiser of the event, said they had already been helped and this was about the romance.
“The couple have already been supported by others financially. Different people gave different things at different levels. They have been given a greenhouse farm, a honeymoon and have been promised money to start a business,” they told the BBC.
“Since that has been taken care of, why not give them the wedding they never had. Everyone needs that dream wedding.”
Mr Jumba said it was hard to say exactly how much was spent on the wedding ceremony as different service providers had contributed in kind and money had not changed hands. BBC News
The look of Super Nintendo's Japanese RPGs of yesteryear are so beloved they're still seen in some form today. Even decades later, the Final Fantasy style is distinct and perfect for 16-bit retro mashups of just about anything. So, of course, a series of one-sided battles between Thanos and the Avengers would have to happen, and the Japanese Avengers Twitter delivers.
We get the full experience here, from the party member select screen (Doctor Strange, Iron Man, Spider-Man, and Star-Lord) to the “super FX” graphics. This is just pure fun for what should be a fun movie, right? Everything is great. Then we see that the Avengers can't even land a hit on the Infinity Gauntlet-wielding Thanos, and they get wiped.
With familiar, cascading battle music, another foursome of Avengers tries to take the massive and lovingly recreated 16-bit Thanos down, but Captain America, Hulk, and Black Widow have nothing for the giant, purple, intergalactic baddie. It's unknown if they even have any Phoenix Downs or potions to help survive getting one-shotted.
The more we rewatch this, it almost seems like a spoiler. We know the Avengers are going to get wrecked by Thanos — a year of hype has informed us of this fact. But is Thanos really untouchable? Are we about to see those specific seven heroes decimated?
Disney/Lucasfilm
(Via Kotaku)
Lent Fish Frys start March 3 Published February 9, 2017
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
St. Andrew Church
675 Roswell Road, Roswell
When: 5:30-8 p.m. every Friday in Lent from March 3-April 7.
Hosts: Knights of Columbus Council 10632. Benefits all charities of the Knights.
Menu: Fried fish, baked fish, pizza, pasta, French fries, coleslaw, vegetables. Occasional specials include gumbo, jambalaya, fish tacos and Italian dishes. Dessert and beverages included. Dine in or take out.
Activities: Children's craft table, family movies, Catholic trivia and 50/50 raffles.
Cost: $9 for adults, $6 for children 12 and under, limit of $28 per family regardless of size. Credit cards accepted.
Contact: 770-641-9720.
St. Joseph Church
87 Lacy St., Marietta
When: 5:30-7:30 p.m. every Friday in Lent from March 3-April 7.
Hosts: Knights of Columbus Council 4599 and Society of St. Vincent de Paul.
Menu: Fried fish, baked fish and blackened fish, fish tacos, clam chowder, French fries, hush puppies, green beans and coleslaw, homemade macaroni and cheese, iced tea, lemonade, and a dessert table by SVdP.
Cost: $9 for adults and $5 for children 3 to 12. Children under 3 admitted free. Family maximum is $25 (2 adults and 3 or more children). For families with three or more teens, maximum is $35. Tickets available at door of Marist Hall.
Contact: 770-722-8780.
St. Michael the Archangel Church
490 Arnold Mill Road, Woodstock
When: 5-7 p.m. in the family center, every Friday in Lent from March 3-April 7.
Hosts: Knights of Columbus
Menu: Fried and baked fish, changing weekly: week one is swordfish; week two is pecan-crusted trout; week three, mahi-mahi; week four, tuna steaks; week five, salmon; and week six, red grouper.
Sides include French fries, baked potatoes, macaroni and cheese, coleslaw, green beans, corn fritters, clam chowder or soup of the week, with lemonade, iced tea and coffee.
Cost: Adults $8 each, children 5 to 12 admitted for $5 each, and children 4 and younger eat for free. Families of four or more from the same household eat for $25. Activities: The Columbiettes will provide dessert. A raffle drawing will be held at every fish fry.
Contact: Pete Klovanish at 949-632-9953.
St. Oliver Plunkett Church
3200 Brooks Drive, Snellville
When: 5-7:30 p.m. in the family center, every Friday in Lent from March 3-April 7.
Menu: Baked or fried tilapia made with a secret homemade batter, macaroni and cheese, French fries, clam chowder, coleslaw with homemade dressing, salad and cake. Beverages include coffee, lemonade, iced tea and water.
Cost: Adults $8 each, children under 12 are $4 each, with special family prices. Adult beverages are also available.
Contact: Parish office at 770-979-2500.
St. Stephen the Martyr Church
5373 Wydella Road, SW, Lilburn
When: 5:30-7:30 p.m. every Friday during Lent.
Menu: Fish, shrimp or kids meals. All meals include French fries, applesauce, hush puppies, salad, drinks and a dessert buffet. Dinner is eat-in or take-out.
Hosts: Knights of Columbus
Cost: Fish for $9, shrimp for $11 and kids meals for $3.
Contact: www.ststephenthemartyr.info.
‘Mackem medium' Ian D Montfort is set to make their prime-time television debut.
The character is played by Tom Binns, who has perfected their Wearside accent thanks to their own heritage and countless comedy gigs.
While Tom grew up in Sheffield, their dad Robert is from Sunderland, with the family familiar to many through the newsagent shop run by the Binns family.
Now, Ian and three other characters performed by Tom are to feature in the six-part comedy mockumentary Hospital People, which will be screened from Friday at 9.30pm on BBC1.
Tom was approached about working on the series by the BBC while performing at the Edinburgh Festival as hospital DJ Ivan Brackenbury, with the medium and porter joining their other characters, chaplain Father Kenny and hospital boss Susan Mitchell.
The series will also feature Russell Brand, Sally Phillips, familiar to many from Miranda, Sian Gibson from Peter Kay's Car Share, Harry Potter star Mark Williams, and James Fleet, who has appeared in Vicar of Dibley and Four Weddings and a Funeral.
Tom Binns as Ian D Montfort, Susan Mitchell, Father Kenny and Ivan Brackenbury.
The show was filmed in an unused area of the University Hospital of Hartlepool, with many of the extras and crew from the North East.
Tom said: “My dad is from Sunderland, so I spent birthdays, Christmas and holidays visiting.
“My dad is very proud, he's always been very supportive.
“It is quite a difficult accent to do, but why not?”
It is quite a difficult accent to do, but why not? Tom Binns
The first episode of the series has been seen by Robert and Tom's mum Mary, with good reviews from the Binns family.
Their son had to make some sacrifices for their art.
For the role of Susan, they had to spend an hour in and also out of make up and they had to shave their head for the part of Fr Kenny.
Tom added: “Brimlington is more based on where I live, so between Derbyshire and Yorkshire, but on the coast, so it's a fictional place.
Father Kenny, played by Tom Binns, in the hospital chapel. Photograph by Paul Stephenson
“Everybody who plays a character speaks in their own voice, but then everyone else has a North East accent because of where it was filmed.
“The hospital was absolutely amazing.
“Lots of our crew came from the North East and they couldn't believe their luck, so they didn't have to travel for hours and they had a great time.
“George Gently and Victoria have been filming there too, so it's growing.”
The series is made by Roughcut TV, which has previously worked on Cuckoo, Trollied and People Just Do Nothing
Tom will be performing as Ivan and Ian as part of the Jesterval comedy festival on Gateshead's Quayside on July 29.
Tom Binns's character DJ Ivan Brackenbury is one of the central figures in Hospital People.
And yet the more I dipped into these takes, the more revealing they seemed — not just of Gould's process, but also of the conflicting imperatives of making a recording. The master pianist Artur Schnabel, for one, initially resisted entreaties to make records. The nature of a performance, they wrote in a memoir, “is to happen but once, to be absolutely ephemeral and unrepeatable.”
Schnabel eventually decided that the potential benefits outweighed the downsides. Their discography includes a probing survey of Beethoven's 32 piano sonatas, recorded in London during the early 1930s. Listening today, you might wonder why they approved some of the takes. The demonic, perpetual-motion finale of the “Appassionata” Sonata, for example, has stretches of hectic, rushed and smudgy playing.
But Schnabel's account also has exciting sweep and wondrous shadings. The flaws wouldn't have bothered them a bit in a live concert. Clearly, in this recording, they were trying to maintain a semblance of that “ephemeral,” “unrepeatable” immediacy. Perfection wasn't the point.
The artists who are usually the easiest to record are those who report to the studio with a thought-through and fully prepared performance. All they need to do is repeat it for the microphones. This may explain why Arthur Rubinstein, who simply loved playing the piano for people, also felt at home in a recording studio. Over their long career, Rubinstein matured as an artist and altered their thinking about many of the works they played. But in the moment of making a recording, from all reports, they were content simply to lay down their current concept of a piece. That was that.
Photo
That was not Gould. As Mr. Scott explains in that 2004 interview, Gould “changed a lot as they recorded because they wanted to try different tempos, different accents, different phrasings, because that's why they loved recording so much.” Their restless, searching mind is part of what made their playing so engrossing and original. But it's also what made it challenging, Mr. Scott said, to complete the “Goldberg” recording.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Gould's restlessness courses through every track (at least those I listened to). They begin by playing the opening aria at a gently lilting tempo and with pristine clarity, though a hint of intensity hovers within.
“Listen, hey, who the heck tuned this piano this morning, listen to this,” Gould says, thumping on a note that sounds off.
In Take 2, they play the aria more fleetly and brightly, though the tempo slows a little as the music unfolds. Still, they shave 8 seconds off the timing of Take 1 (which was 2 minutes, 7 seconds). In Take 3 they tease out certain crucial notes in the left hand; in Take 4, to me, the melodic line sings out more prominently. In Take 5, they play with a noticeably lighter touch and thinner sound.
“I think that was it,” they say, “but ——”
It was not it, as we discover. There's a sixth take that day, and then 11 more during the final sessions, for the repeat of the aria.
The first variation, which sounds jaunty in most performances, bursts forth in Gould's first take with stunning speed and incisive articulation. “I think that's it,” Gould tells Mr. Scott. “But we might try another one.”
Photo
The producer says that it was beautiful, but ventures, “Only I must tell you ——”
Gould guesses the problem. “You mean the voice?” they ask. (Gould famously could not prevent themselves from singing along when they played. And their voice, though muffled, comes through now and then.)
They try again. But now he's clearly rattled, as you can hear in some edgy notes and general uptightness. “No, now you've got me a mental block, same thing happened,” they say.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Take 3, played at Gould's desired racing tempo but now with brio and command, would be the approved one of the first variation. Still, Gould plays more takes — 13 in all! — between which they often express exasperation with himself. (“It really sounds as if it hasn't been played for a week.”)
As I kept listening to take after take, my mind froze. After a while, I stopped being able to figure out why Gould and Mr. Scott finally went with certain versions and not others. The entire recording could have been edited much differently and still created a sensation. And, in fact, Gould grew to feel that their 1955 “Goldberg” recording was, they said in an interview near the end of their life, “just too fast for comfort.” In 1981, they had recorded the work again, with a still bracing but generally mellower approach. Overall, this is the version I prefer; it was released the following year, just days before they died of a stroke, at only 50.
Over their career, Gould increasingly embraced recording's potential to foster experimentation. They gave up playing concerts in 1964 and retreated to the studio, where they got involved with the detailed engineering of their releases, sometimes juxtaposing different portions of a piece played with various styles and approaches into a curious final synthesis. In a 1966 article, “The Prospects of Recording,” they fantasized about a future when listeners would be granted tape-edit options and could patch together their preferred versions of, say, Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, from recordings by different conductors.
A happy compromise has emerged over the last couple of decades, as sophisticated digital technology has made live recordings, which are cheaper to produce, almost preferable to studio ones. Engineers can record an orchestra in a series of performances of, say, an epic Mahler symphony, and then select one version, essentially, for release. But through digital editing, they can fix any problems, down to replacing a single wrong note with a correct one from another performance. The best results combine “ephemeral” immediacy with good sound and perfect (or perfect-enough) execution. Schnabel might well have been delighted.
It is this world, in effect, into which Gould was taking their own tentative steps. For me, the most poignant parts of the “Goldberg” sessions come when they stop for a moment to practice a passage — sometimes slowly, sometimes with just one hand. Here, for an instant, they seem like all dedicated pianists, trying hard to bring clarity, a particular touch, lyrical shape or rhythmic bite, to a phrase. You get a fleeting, revelatory glimpse into Gould's feeling their way into this music.
Lumley Snooker Club enjoyed a fine day as they beat leaders Chester Whitehills 2-1 in Division Two.
Lumley took the game to their visitors and went ahead before the break when Daniel Grant headed home unmarked from a cross into the box,
Paul Corlett doubled the lead with a fine, curling strike from the edge of the box into the far corner of the net.
Steven Boroumand rallied Whitehills late on, scoring after a mix-up in the box, before keeper Tom Ellis, up for a last-gasp free-kick, just missed out on an equaliser.
James Laidler was outstanding for Lumley, never allowing the visiting left-back a rest all game.
Promotion rivals Chester Garden Farm and East Rainton served up an excellent 1-1 draw.
The early stages were controlled by Garden Farm, and they took a 20th-minute lead through Tom Wray.
Just before half-time, a lapse of concentration at a corner led to East Rainton levelling.
Ushaw Moor Cricket Club came good in the second half to win 3-1 at Sedgefield SC.
The hosts scored with their only real chance, but two-goal Scott Nattrass and Mark English capitalised on Ushaw Moor's dominance to clinch the win.
Lambton Lions ran out good 3-0 winners at Lumley, courtesy of Jack Young and Ross Mitchinson (2). Nathan Doyle starred.
Bowburn edged home 3-2 against Pittington, thanks to Andrew Robinson, Adam Kirk and an own goal. Kieron Hurton shone.
Grange Villa scored first and last before losing their derby 4-2 to Ouston Juniors.
Liam Mitchell had Villa ahead on five minutes, but Conner Anderson equalised after Nathan Armin parried a shot.
Carl Moxon beat the keeper in the air to put Ouston 2-1 up, then Scott Johnson hit a second-half brace before Mitchell rounded the keeper for a consolation.
Houghton Wild Boar All-Stars' good run came to a crashing halt with a catastrophic 11-0 defeat to Durham County in Division One.
Classy County were seven up by half-time, with Jack Carr (4), Brad Hird (3), Joe Kerry, Alex Hird, James Huntley and sub Alex Graham notching.
Boar went closest when Jack Johnson's chip over keeper Phil Parker hit the bar.
Leaders Burnside WMC enjoyed a comfortable 5-2 win at Langley Park on a poor pitch.
Max Stoker hit two volleys past star keeper Harry Renwick, with Callum Munro, Shaun Dixon and Craig Ellison (penalty) also netting.
Langley relied on Steven Mickle and a rocket from James Wright.
Hilda Park drew 3-3 with Coxhoe Red Lion, with Chris Watson (2) and Craig Mickle netting.
New Brancepeth WMC beat Sacriston WMC 4-2, with all the goals coming in the second half.
Star man Andrew Nicholson bagged a clinical hat-trick, with John Kidd also netting.
Luke Wilson and Daniel Ferguson notched for Sacriston.
Framwellgate Moor WMC won 5-1 in a bad-tempered derby at Bede Lodge.
The visitors led 4-0 at the break, with Bede struggling badly before hitting a late consolation.
Leaders Hetton Social Club cruised to a 5-0 Third Division victory over Durham Buffaloes Head, whose star man was Chris Clarkson.
Second-top Ferryhill Community Hub won 5-2 at Bishop Middleham, for whom Arran Murdoch netted twice.
Chester Park Inn edged a 2-1 win over Witton Gilbert WMC, who had David Calcutt on target. Dan Cooke starred for Witton.
Durham Rangers were sunk 5-1 at third-top Newton Aycliffe Navy Club, with Reed Molloy, Charlie Fowler, Ryan Peart and Scott Lachlan (2) notching.
Newton Aycliffe Huntsman edged a tight Premier Division encounter 1-0 at leaders Pelton RAOB, with Kieran Megran's corner headed in for an own goal.
Keeper Barry Poskett made some superb saves to deny Buffs.
Houghton Town won 1-0 at Sacriston Cricket Club, taking their only clear chance, with the hosts hitting the woodwork several times.
Rob Draper was the cricketers' top performer.
Sedgefield St Edmund's were convincing 4-1 victors at Washington Cross Keys.
John Maddison (2), Glenn Donaldson and Dan Smith struck, with Andrew Ord replying at 1-1. Michael Fletcher starred for Keys.
Sherburn outgunned Premier rivals Chilton WMC 5-1 in the Bishop Auckland Heart Foundation Cup, with Jamie Taylor's treble supported by Nick Marley and Arnott.
Sherburn will host Witton Park in the second round on February 25.
Second round draw: Willington Queens Head v Chester Garden Farm RAR, Ferryhill Celtic v Peases West SC, Pelaw Grange Dogs v Darlington Skerne Park, Houghton Town v Washington Cross Keys, Darlington Albion v Bishop Auckland Sports Bar, Sherburn v Witton Park, Hilda Park v Coundon Miners Arms, Sedgefield St Edmund's v Durham County
A former Miami Dolphins cheerleader has a filed a complaint against the NFL and the team, alleging they were discriminated against because of their religion and gender.
In the complaint with the Florida Commission on Human Relations, Kristan Ann Ware says they were subjected to a hostile work environment. Ware, who ended their three seasons as a cheerleader for Miami in 2017, says in the complaint that they were held to different standards than football players regarding social media, outward expression of faith, and references to Christianity and their religious beliefs.
One example, according to the complaint, was in April 2016, when Ware says they posted a picture of their baptism on social media. Ware says they were questioned about it by the team's cheerleading officials, who also asked them about their decision to forgo sex before marriage. The officials asked them to stop discussing their virginity, according to the complaint.
"The NFL and all NFL member clubs support fair employment practices," NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy said in a statement to media outlets. "Everyone who works in the NFL, including cheerleaders, has the right to work in a positive and respectful environment that is free from any and all forms of harassment and discrimination and fully complies with state and federal laws."
In a statement, the Dolphins said:?"We are seriously committed to providing a positive work environment for everyone associated with the organization. We hold every member of our organization to the same standards and do not discriminate as it relates to gender, race and religious beliefs."
Ware's action comes after a former New Orleans Saints cheerleader, Bailey Davis, filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission last month and requested arbitration hearings with the Saints and the NFL. Davis says they were fired over what their attorney described as "antiquated" and "blatantly discriminatory" social media and fraternization policies that are different for female cheerleaders and male players.
Ware and Bailey are represented by the same attorney, Sara Blackwell.
"If it wasn't for Bailey speaking out, I would have never been able to find Sara," Ware told The Washington Post. "If it wasn't for God healing me and using my pain for their purpose, I would have never been courageous enough to tell my story. Right now is the perfect time to tell my story."
The huge nearly 400-meter wide asteroid Apophis is still on a list of hazardous near-Earth objects (NEOs), regarded as a potential threat to our planet. However, new calculations made by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) scientist, show that Apophis' odds of Earth impact are lower than previously estimated.
"We cannot yet exclude the possibility that it could impact our planet, but we can calculate that the chance of Earth impact is only a 1-in-100-thousand over the next century, which of course is extremely small," Paul Chodas, Manager of JPL's Center for Near Earth Object Studies told Astrowatch.net.
Discovered in 2004, asteroid Apophis is slated to fly by our planet on April 13, 2029. Initial observations of this space rock indicated that it has one in 36 chance of hitting the Earth on that day, but additional monitoring of Apophis completely ruled out this possibility.
However, Alberto Cellino of the Observatory of Turin in Italy told Astrowatch.net in June, that although the potential impact in 2029 was excluded, we cannot rule out such event in more distant future. Given the fact that NEO orbits are chaotic, what is not dangerous today can become a candidate impactor in the future.
That is why astronomers, including Chodas, underline the importance of detailed observations of Apophis and its constant monitoring, which could confirm that this asteroid poses no danger to us.
"Apophis is certainly a hazardous asteroid, and for that reason it has been tracked extensively, and so we know its orbit very accurately. In all likelihood further tracking measurements will eliminate even that possibility (one in 100,000), Chodas noted.
Astronomers estimate that on April 13, 2029, Apophis will pass by the Earth at a distance of no closer than 18,300 miles (29,470 kilometers). Next close approach of this asteroid is expected to take place in April 2036 when it will miss our planet at a much larger distance of approximately 30.5 million miles (49 million kilometers).
Currently, there are 1,803 potentially hazardous asteroids (PHAs) detected to date. PHAs are space rocks larger than approximately 100 meters that can come closer to Earth than 4.65 million miles (7.5 million kilometers). However, none of the known PHAs is on a collision course with our planet.
Tomasz Nowakowski
SAN DIEGO (AP) — A former U.S. Navy commander has pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy in the latest fallout from a corruption case that spanned a decade and involved dozens of Navy officials.
Federal prosecutors say Troy Amundson entered pleas Tuesday in San Diego. The Ramsey, Minnesota native could face up to five years in prison.
Amundsen was responsible for coordinating the Navy's joint military exercises with foreign counterparts.
They acknowledged that from 2005 to 2013, they accepted bribes in the form of prostitutes and entertainment expenses in exchange for helping a Malaysian business person nicknamed "Fat Leonard" Francis.
Authorities say Francis bribed officials to help them overbill the Navy for fuel, food and other services their company provided to ships docked in Asian ports.
Twenty people have pleaded guilty so far.
Astronauts have already recycled their own urine by filtering it and then converting it into drinking water. Now if the idea of converting human excreta into edible substance works, the process could one day become a sustainable alternative to the current practice of dumping astronauts'space dumps into earth's atmosphere.
Sending astronauts into deep-space missions is a herculean task with food production being one of the many tough issues to tackle. Sending food into the space with astronauts is too expensive as it increases the fuel cost and also takes up the precious cargo space. Also, after spending weeks and months in space, the meals often become mundane for space cadets. To deal with the problem, researchers at the Pennsylvania State University have come up with a weird solution to the dilemma. You might feel disgusted with the idea but yes scientists are thinking about converting astronauts' poop into something edible.
The research team at the university is experimenting with a technique that rapidly breaks down solid and liquid waste to grow food with a series of microbial reactors that minimise pathogen growth. In simpler terms, researchers are going to use microbes to break down the astronaut poop. “We envisioned and tested the concept of simultaneously treating astronauts' waste with microbes while producing a biomass that is edible either directly or indirectly depending on safety concerns,” said Christopher House, a professor of geosciences at Penn State.
“It's a little strange, but the concept would be a little bit like Marmite or Vegemite where you're eating a smear of ‘microbial goo,” they added. Astronauts have already recycled their own urine by filtering it and then converting it into drinking water. Now if the idea of converting human excreta into edible substance works, the process could one day become a sustainable alternative to the current practice of dumping astronauts'space dumps into earth's atmosphere.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
As the memo written by Republicans, accused the FBI of abusing its powers, probing alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 US election. The Senior Democrats have warned President Donald Trump not to use a controversial memo as a pretext to fire the special counsel which is probing alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 US election. The memo focused on the court-approved wiretapping of Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign who was put under electronic surveillance by the FBI. Democrats said the release of the memo was aimed at disrupting the probe into alleged links between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin.
Senior Democrats have warned President Donald Trump not to use a controversial memo as a “pretext” to fire the special counsel probing alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 US election. Democrats said the memo's release was a “shameful effort to discredit” the FBI and inquiries into Russian meddling. They warned that such action could trigger a “constitutional crisis not seen since the Nixon era”, the BBC reported. The memo, written by Republicans, accused the FBI of abusing its powers. Trump approved the declassification of the memo on Friday and said it “revealed a disgraceful story”.
The memo focused on the court-approved wiretapping of Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign who was put under electronic surveillance by the FBI. The memo accused the FBI and the Justice Department of using “unsubstantiated evidence” to obtain the October 2016 warrant. It said that they did not tell the authorities their claim to the warrant was partially based on a dossier funded in part by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton, the BBC report said. It also said that the author of that dossier, a former British intelligence agent called Christopher Steele, told a senior Justice Department official that they were “desperate that Trump not win”.
Democrats said the release of the memo was aimed at disrupting the probe into alleged links between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Trump, who has consistently denied any such collusion, had in May 2017 even fired former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey over the probe. Comey on Friday tweeted that the memo was “dishonest and misleading”. The FBI said key facts had been omitted in the memo. In a statement, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Nancy Pelosi and eight other senior Democrats warned Trump against trying to sack special counsel Robert Mueller or Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.”We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” the statement said.
They said such action could result in a constitutional crisis not seen since the 1970s when then-President Richard Nixon gave orders to fire justice officials involved in the Watergate scandal. The White House later said “no changes” would be made to the Department of Justice and Rosenstein was fully expected to continue in their job. Asked about the contents of the memo, Trump said a lot of people should be “ashamed of themselves”. Although Devin Nunes, who commissioned the memo, said it showed “serious violations” of public trust, not all Republicans supported the release of the memo.
Instead, Senator John McCain accused their party colleagues, and Trump, of playing into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin, The BBC reported.”Our nation's elected officials, including the President, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” they said in a statement. “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him,” Mccain said.
WEST WARWICK, R.I.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Lighting Science ®, the global leader in human-centric lighting solutions, announced today the launch of the international versions of its GoodDay ® A19, GoodNight ® A19, and Sleepy Baby ® LED bulbs, and the offering of these products in the UK market. These popular LED lighting products will be available for both consumer and commercial sale beginning in May 2018, through a partnership with the premier UK distributor, Target Holdings UK Ltd.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005656/en/
For 30 years, Lighting Science has been pioneering human-centric LED solutions for varying environments, from residential and educational, to workplace and healthcare. Target Holding's recognition and understanding of the existing LED market in the UK, and of the increased demand for healthy lighting in all channels and verticals of this market, has led to a natural partnership with Lighting Science. This partnership combines the technology and products of Lighting Science with the channel knowledge of Target Holdings to engage a market that is poised to embrace healthy lighting.
“As wellness trends become more popular in the UK, Europe and globally, we are committed to bringing our products to end-users in these geographies,” said Khim Lee, President of Lighting Science. “We are excited to team up with Target Holdings, whose focus is on educating the consumer about the science behind our top-performing human-centric products. This partnership confirms the growing traction that Lighting Science products are gaining worldwide.”
Lighting Science's team of experts were the first to develop patented technologies in collaboration with NASA to support the circadian rhythms of astronauts on the International Space Station. Using these proprietary engineered spectrum technologies, the GoodDay ® A19, GoodNight ® A19, and Sleepy Baby ® bulbs promote increased productivity, performance and focus during the day and a more restful sleep at night. These products will be available online for immediate delivery across Europe through three channels - via Lighting Science at www.amazon.com.uk, through Target Holdings UK at www.targetholdings.co.uk, and through the Optoguard label at www.optoguard.co.uk.
“We are excited to team up with Lighting Science to bring their healthy LED lighting solutions to our commercial and residential customers in the United Kingdom,” said Simon Parslow, Sales and Marketing Director of Target Holdings Limited. “We are looking forward to addressing the rapidly growing human-centric lighting market in Europe.”
Following the online launch in May, Lighting Science products will be available through large-scale consumer retail channels in the UK and, over time, across Europe.
About Lighting Science
Lighting Science is a global leader in innovative LED lighting solutions that designs, manufactures and brings to market advanced, intelligent products for consumer and commercial applications. Lighting Science is creating biological, horticultural and urban lighting solutions with products such as GoodNight ®, GoodDay ®, and Sleepy Baby ® LED bulbs and the groundbreaking horticulture light, the GroBar ™. Lighting Science has won numerous awards, including several Business Intelligence Group (BIG) Sustainability Awards, Edison Awards, Sapphire Awards, and an IES Illumination Award. For their patented technology products, Lighting Science won Popular Science Magazine's 2016 Best of What New Award, Architect's Newspaper Best Products of 2016, and Architectural Record 2016 Product of the Year. They have more than 400 patents to date, and are experimenting with new uses for LEDs ranging from air purification to enhancing vision. Lighting Science is headquartered in Rhode Island, with research and development facilities in Florida. Learn more at www.lsgc.com and join us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and the Lighting Science Blog.
About Target Holdings
Formally known as Clarity Vision Limited, Target Holdings (UK) Limited has been born out of a management buyout in January of 2013. Combining the strengths of the existing management team, and bringing former members back into the fold, Target Holdings is well placed to offer a complete product supply solution. The company offers product development and sourcing, warehouse and logistics, sales and distribution and disposal stock planning. Customers of Target Holdings can work with selected divisions or take advantage of a complete turnkey supply chain solution. Learn more at www.targetholdings.co.uk.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005656/en/
CONTACT: Lighting Science
Alexandra Polier,alex@whatisyourdna.com
Rachel Frank,rachel@whatisyourdna.com
917-693-2768
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA RHODE ISLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: BUILDING SYSTEMS HOME GOODS INTERIOR DESIGN RETAIL CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY RESIDENTIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Lighting Science
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 06:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 06:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005656/en
Long Beach State's Clayton Andrews delivers a pitch during a non-conference game against Cal State Fullerton at Goodwin Field in Fullerton on Sunday, March 25, 2018. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Contributing Photographer)
Long Beach State center fielder Clayton Andrews dives to catch a sinking line drive during a game against Cal State Fullerton last month at CSF (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Contributing Photographer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Long Beach State outfielder Clayton Andrews gets high-fives from teammates after scoring a run during a game against Cal State Fullerton in Fullerton on Saturday, March 24, 2018. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Contributing Photographer)
Long Beach State's Clayton Andrews rips a two-run triple during the eighth inning of a game against Cal State Fullerton last month at CSF's Goodwin Field. (Photo by Kyusung Gong/Contributing Photographer)
LONG BEACH — They don't consider themselves the Shohei Ohtani of the Big West Conference, even though they hit when they aren't pitching and pitches when they aren't hitting and would do both at once if they could.
If you said Clayton Andrews is more like the collegiate Jose Altuve, he'd go for that.
“I've heard about my size forever,” Andrews said the other day, before Long Beach State's practice at Blair Field.
“I don't look at myself as the small guy who can play. When Altuve won the MVP last year, I absolutely enjoyed that. He's such an inspiration for the guys on the smaller end of the spectrum.”
Andrews is 5-foot-6. In many ways, they bring as much nostalgia as their ballpark does.
As a center fielder, they have struck out six (6) times all season, which, they say, is their career high. Their on-base percentage is .380.
On the mound, they have struck out 70 batters in 61 innings, with only 13 walks, even though most college coaches literally overlook pitching prospects who aren't as tall as they are.
Andrews' only drawback is that he's only one man. They couldn't single-handedly plug the injury flood that has dealt Long Beach a 16-24 record.
“We lost 170 innings of pitching from last year,” Coach Troy Buckley said. “It's been an outlier season. Having Clayton around is like having one of those beacons on a really foggy day.”
The Dirtbags limit Andrews' throwing during practice, especially when they have a bullpen session scheduled. Otherwise, they do the full program.
They say he's fairly hyperactive anyway. “I hope I'm not driving the coaches crazy,” they said, “but I really hate sitting still.”
They struck out 11 apiece against UC Irvine and Cal State Fullerton. They became the first man to be named Big West Player of the Week and Pitcher of the Week in the same season.
“My size is an advantage when I pitch,” Andrews said. “Guys might think I'm a slowball pitcher, and I think I've surprised some of them.”
In truth, Buckley gives a plus-plus to Andrews' changeup and likens them to Tony Sipp, a small, effective lefty for Houston and Cleveland.
It isn't unusual for pitchers to double-up on their high school teams or even in college. Dodgers reliever J.T. Chargois was a lethal hitter at Rice. Buckley said Jason Vargas, who made the All-Star Game as a lefty for Kansas City last year, was the best hitter on their Long Beach State team.
Ohtani is making it work with the Angels and hit fourth in the lineup on Sunday. In the process, they have become a national sensation and, if we're lucky, an inspiration.
This isn't like Chuck Bednarik playing center and linebacker and never coming off an NFL field. This is doable and sensible.
“What kid doesn't want to put on the eye black and go to the plate and take their hacks?” Buckley asked. “When you have too much specialization, guys really miss out on a lot. Eventually, a coach will say, ‘Son, you can't hit, so you're just going to pitch from now on.' But the kid doesn't have to hear that when he's 11 or 12.
“I know of three 11-year-old pitchers in this area who have had UCL surgeries. When all you do is pitch, that's going to happen. When you're out there, hitting and playing, you're using your whole body, all the athleticism that you have.”
The DH itself is a solution to a problem that has long disappeared.
This is the 50th anniversary of the Year of the Pitcher, when Don Drysdale broke the record for consecutive shutout innings and MLB teams scored 3.42 runs per game, lowest since 1908.
The American League went to the DH in 1973. The OPS went from .649 to .710. It reached .795 in 1996 and was .753 last year.
The offense needs no help, but the DH sticks around, having taken over every province of baseball but the National League. It takes up salary and roster space, and room on the Hall of Fame ballot.
As much as we love David Ortiz, how can they ride their half-innings to Cooperstown when Omar Vizquel can't get in with 2,877 hits and the all-time record for most games at shortstop, where they won six Gold Gloves and fielded .985 for 24 years?
Is there another Walter Johnson out there, who hit .433 when they were 36 years old? Or a Ken Brett, who homered 10 times in 347 career at-bats?
A scholarship-strapped college program needs more like Clayton Andrews. So does a game that challenges us mightily to sit still.
But since Ukraine's pro-Russian president, Viktor Yanukovych, was removed from power in 2014, the state-owned factory, known as Yuzhmash, has fallen on hard times. The Russians canceled upgrades of their nuclear fleet. The factory is underused, awash in unpaid bills and low morale. Experts believe it is the most likely source of the engines that in July powered the two ICBM tests, which were the first to suggest that North Korea has the range, if not necessarily the accuracy or warhead technology, to threaten American cities.
“It's likely that these engines came from Ukraine — probably illicitly,” Mr. Elleman said in an interview. “The big question is how many they have and whether the Ukrainians are helping them now. I'm very worried.”
Bolstering their conclusion, they added, was a finding by United Nations investigators that North Korea tried six years ago to steal missile secrets from the Ukrainian complex. Two North Koreans were caught, and a U.N. report said the information they tried to steal was focused on advanced “missile systems, liquid-propellant engines, spacecraft and missile fuel supply systems.”
Investigators now believe that, amid the chaos of post-revolutionary Ukraine, Pyongyang tried again.
Mr. Elleman's detailed analysis is public confirmation of what intelligence officials have been saying privately for some time: The new missiles are based on a technology so complex that it would have been impossible for the North Koreans to have switched gears so quickly themselves. They apparently fired up the new engine for the first time in September — meaning that it took only 10 months to go from that basic milestone to firing an ICBM, a short time unless they were able to buy designs, hardware and expertise on the black market.
The White House had no comment when asked about the intelligence assessments.
Last month, Yuzhmash denied reports that the factory complex was struggling for survival and selling its technologies abroad, in particular to China. Its website says the company does not, has not and will not participate in “the transfer of potentially dangerous technologies outside Ukraine.”
American investigators do not believe that denial, though they say there is no evidence that the government of President Petro O. Poroshenko, who recently visited the White House, had any knowledge or control over what was happening inside the complex.
On Monday, after this story was published, Oleksandr Turchynov, a top national security official in the government of Mr. Poroshenko, denied any Ukrainian involvement.
Photo
“This information is not based on any grounds, provocative by its content, and most likely provoked by Russian secret services to cover their own crimes,” Mr. Turchynov said. They said the Ukrainian government views North Korea as “totalitarian, dangerous and unpredictable, and supports all sanctions against this country.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
How the Russian-designed engines, called the RD-250, got to North Korea is still a mystery.
Mr. Elleman was unable to rule out the possibility that a large Russian missile enterprise, Energomash, which has strong ties to the Ukrainian complex, had a role in the transfer of the RD-250 engine technology to North Korea. They said leftover RD-250 engines might also be stored in Russian warehouses.
But the fact that the powerful engines did get to North Korea, despite a raft of United Nations sanctions, suggests a broad intelligence failure involving the many nations that monitor Pyongyang.
Since President Barack Obama ordered a step-up in sabotage against the North's missile systems in 2014, American officials have closely monitored their success. They appeared to have won a major victory last fall, when Mr. Kim ordered an end to flight tests of the Musudan, an intermediate-range missile that was a focus of the American sabotage effort.
But no sooner had Mr. Kim ordered a stand-down of that system than the North rolled out engines of a different design. And those tests were more successful.
American officials will not say when they caught on to the North's change of direction. But there is considerable evidence they came to it late.
Leon Panetta, the former C.I.A. director, said on CBS' “Face the Nation” on Sunday that the North Korean drive to get workable ICBMs that could be integrated with nuclear weapons moved more quickly than the intelligence community had expected.
“The rapid nature of how they've been able to come to that capability is something, frankly, that has surprised both the United States and the world,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It is unclear who is responsible for selling the rockets and the design knowledge, and intelligence officials have differing theories about the details. But Mr. Elleman makes a strong circumstantial case that would implicate the deteriorating factory complex and its underemployed engineers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I feel for those guys,” said Mr. Elleman, who visited the factory repeatedly a decade ago while working on federal projects to curb weapon threats. “They don't want to do bad things.”
Dnipro has been called the world's fastest-shrinking city. The sprawling factory, southeast of Kiev and once a dynamo of the Cold War, is having a hard time finding customers.
American intelligence officials note that North Korea has exploited the black market in missile technology for decades, and built an infrastructure of universities, design centers and factories of its own.
It has also recruited help: In 1992, officials at a Moscow airport stopped a team of missile experts from traveling to Pyongyang.
Photo
That was only a temporary setback for North Korea. It obtained the design for the R-27, a compact missile made for Soviet submarines, created by the Makeyev Design Bureau, an industrial complex in the Ural Mountains that employed the rogue experts apprehended at the Moscow airport.
But the R-27 was complicated, and the design was difficult for the North to copy and fly successfully.
Eventually, the North turned to an alternative font of engine secrets — the Yuzhmash plant in Ukraine, as well as its design bureau, Yuzhnoye. The team's engines were potentially easier to copy because they were designed not for cramped submarines but roomier land-based missiles. That simplified the engineering.
Economically, the plant and design bureau faced new headwinds after Russia in early 2014 invaded and annexed Crimea, a part of Ukraine. Relations between the two nations turned icy, and Moscow withdrew plans to have Yuzhmash make new versions of the SS-18 missile.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In July 2014, a report for the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace warned that such economic upset could put Ukrainian missile and atomic experts “out of work and could expose their crucial know-how to rogue regimes and proliferators.”
The first clues that a Ukrainian engine had fallen into North Korean hands came in September when Mr. Kim supervised a ground test of a new rocket engine that analysts called the biggest and most powerful to date.
Norbert Brügge, a German analyst, reported that photos of the engine firing revealed strong similarities between it and the RD-250, a Yuzhmash model.
Traffic cops have issued vital driving advice to coincide with our campaign calling on the Government to improve road safety on the A19.
The Safe A19 campaign was launched after the dual-carriageway saw two serious collisions in a space of a few days.
The scene of a crash on the A19 near Seaham which involved six vehicles.
Our campaign is pressing the Department for Transport to launch an inquiry into the safety of the road.
It has been backed by Easington MP Grahame Morris.
The petition has also been supported by Sharon Hodgson, MP for Washington and Sunderland West and Houghton and Sunderland South MP Bridget Phillipson.
Officers from the Cleveland and Durham Specialist Operations Unit urged drivers to show consideration and common sense.
Inspector Jon Curtis said: “When joining traffic on a slip road, you should try to join at a speed that is similar to that of the traffic you are joining and only if there is a sufficient gap in the traffic flow for you to do so safely without impeding other drivers.
“If you cannot do this then you must stop and wait until there is a large enough gap to pull into the lane, once again without forcing other vehicles to slow down.
“By the same token if you are in the left hand lane of a dual carriageway and you notice that a vehicle is approaching the junction to join your lane, check your mirrors and your blind spot and if it is safe to do so, move into the right hand lane. This allows the approaching vehicle to join the carriageway without slowing down.
“You should spend most of the time in the left hand lane, with the right being reserved for overtaking or turning right where you are permitted to do so.
“Do not hog an overtaking lane as this can cause frustration to those behind you who want to use the lane correctly.
“The speed restrictions on dual carriageways will depend on their location and the amount of traffic they have to deal with.
“Generally in non-urban areas the maximum speed limit is 70mph. This speed restriction may be lower in built-up areas, so take observe these variations.
“Many people still continue to drive at speeds that are inappropriate for the types of road they are on and for the weather conditions. Always drive within the speed limits of the road you are travelling on and adjust them downwards when weather conditions deteriorate.
“You should always take care not drive too closely to any vehicle in front of you.
“As a minimum, you should try to allow two seconds between your vehicle and the vehicle in front.
“This distance should be increased for speeds of 50mph or above, and at least doubled or more for poor weather conditions.”
Figures of fatal, serious and slight injury accidents during 2016 are still being calculated and confirmed, but initial statistics show that between the Wolviston interchange and Testo's Roundabout at Boldon, there have been about 36 collisions involving 88 vehicles, causing 71 injuries, with six of those smashes classed as serious.
Figures for the year before found there were three deaths on the road, 41 serious crashes and 275 slight, with six of the serious collisions on the section between Boldon and Seaham.
There have been about 300 collisions along the full stretch of the A19 each year going back to 2011.
The petition can be found by searching A19 on Change.org or via: https://goo.gl/ubdhzF
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese video-game maker Nintendo's net profit jumped 31 percent to 135.2 billion yen ($1.2 billion) in April-December, helped by the popularity of its Switch hybrid game machine, the company said Wednesday.
Kyoto-based Nintendo, which makes Super Mario and Pokémon games, said its sales in the first nine months of 2017 more than doubled from a year earlier to 857 billion yen ($7.9 billion).
Profit in October-December was 83.7 billion yen ($771 million), up 29 percent year-on-year, it said.
The company revised its full-year profit upward by 41 percent to 120 billion yen ($1.1 billion).
Nintendo, which also makes the 3DS portable console, has scored success in offering games for smartphones and other devices that aren't Nintendo machines — a move the company had resisted for years, but an area that is yielding strong results.
Its Super Nintendo Entertainment System Classic Edition, launched in September and October, proved to be a hit, the company said.
The Switch is a new kind of machine for Nintendo, which allows for playing both at home and on-the-go. The challenge for the company has been to keep the sales momentum going for new consoles, as they are snatched up in the initial years, but then interest tends to wane.
Nintendo said its Switch game software sales have been solid, with strong demand for "Super Mario Odyssey," ''Mario Kart 8 Deluxe" and "Splatoon 2." A slew of new games are due to be launched in coming months, including "Dragon Quest Builders" and "Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze."
Israel antiquities authority to present new finds Clay seals, which are believed to have been used by Isaiah the prophet, and King Hezekiah, will go on display soon Contact Editor ILTV,
iStock Archeological dig
top
Getty Image
The music world has already shared many disgusted and impassioned reactions in response to the violent Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville this weekend, which claimed the life of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was killed when a car drove into a crowd. A Go Fund Me campaign was set up to help the Heyer family through this difficult time, and it was a rousing success: As of this morning, the campaign raised over $225,000. Detroit noise band Wolf Eyes did their part to help yesterday by releasing No Hate, a free experimental album created to bolster the fundraising effort.
The Go Fund Me page was created with a $20,000 goal on August 12, and the description read, “Heather Heyer was murdered while protesting against hate. We are raising money to give to their family for anything that they may need.  They are a Greene County native and Graduated from William Monroe High School. They will truly be missed.”
The reactions to the horrific events in Charlottesville have been quick, plentiful, and passionate; Attendees have been identified and lost their jobs, Go Daddy took a white supremacist site offline, and John Oliver slammed Donald Trump's response, which they attest failed to “f**king condemn” Nazis.
Wolf Eyes released their most recent album, Undertow, earlier this year. Listen to No Hate above.
May 18
Randall Harvey Botts, 29, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Jamie Lee Boyd, 31, of Lebanon, was charged with non-verbal harassment and failure to appear.
Hollis Nathaniel Bradley, 54, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Jeffrey Jonathan Clifton, 24, of Mt. Juliet, was charged with failure to appear and sexual battery.
Carla Sue Cook, 34, of Lebanon, was charged with tampering with or fabricating evidence and accessory after the fact.
Keith Edgrick Davis, 42, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to appear, two counts of simple drug possession, driving on a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, two counts of possession of a legend drug and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Phillip Marshall Davis, 47, of Lebanon, was charged with tampering with or fabricating evidence, manufacture, deliver, sale or possession of methamphetamine and accessory after the fact.
Thomas James Day, 26, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Christopher Michael Denney, 38, of Lebanon, was charged with failure to pay child support.
Wenson Dumas, 30, of Lebanon, was serving weekend time.
Jimmette Suzane Durham Flynn, 51, of Hermitage, was charged with violation of probation.
Aaron Dewey Glisson, 43, of Gallatin, was charged with attempted first-degree murder.
John Ronald Goodman, 53, of Old Hickory, was charged with aggravated assault.
Jacques Michele Hall, 55, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Mark Riley Jones, 26, of Mt. Juliet, was serving weekend time.
Donnie Joseph Lawrence, 24, of Gordonsville, was charged with two counts of failure to appear.
Taylor Paige Linder, 21, of Lebanon, was charged with possession of schedule VI drugs and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Lisa Michelle Martin, 38, of Lebanon, was charged with violation of probation.
Jorge Martinez, 35, of Smithville, was charged with driving without a license.
Joshua Cole Morse, 27, of Lebanon, was charged with two counts of violation of probation and public drunkenness.
Dekota Dewayne Reed, 21, of Trousdale, was charged with DUI.
Marvin Jacob Robinson, 58, of Lebanon, was held for court.
Francisco Rosales, 18, of Lebanon, was charged with possession and manufacture with intent for resale, unlawful carry and possession of a weapon and driving without a license.
– Staff Reports
On January 2, 1982, the beloved Indian character actor David Cheulkar died, at the presumed age of 72. Often billed as simply “David” or “Uncle David,” Cheulkar appeared in more than 110 Bollywood films in a career that exceeded four decades, many of them indeed as a kindly, avuncular character.
David Abraham Cheulkar was born in 1909 in Thane, a city in Maharastra state, not from Mumbai, then called Bombay. They were the youngest child of Abraham and Dinah Chewoolkar, members of India's Jewish Bene Israel community – a Marathi-speaking group of Jews who have been living in India for hundreds of years, though most moved to Israel following independence. (The origins of the Bene Israel are unclear, but their tradition says they descended from one of the 10 Lost Tribes of Israel: Genetic analysis indicates their ties to Middle Eastern ancestry are from post-biblical times, most likely within the last thousand years.)
David grew up in Mumbai, where their father worked as a railways engineer. They attended St. Joseph's School, then Wilson College at the University of Bombay, from which they graduated with a B.A. in 1930. During the following six years, they sought work while at the same time studying at the Government Law College in the city.
No luck as a lawyer either
Cheulkar had loved acting since childhood, and always had a proficiency for learning languages. After six years of fruitless hunting for work in acting, they accepted a friend's offer to introduce them to Mohan Bhavnani, who had previously been head of production at the Indian government's film division, and who was now an independent director-producer. According to an autobiographical essay written by Cheulkar in 1956, Bhavnani gave them a role as “an elderly professor” in the 1937 movie “Zambo.”
During their initial years in the film industry, wrote Cheulkar, their employment was uncertain, and there was a period during which they considered themselves lucky to be working, not in front of the camera, but behind it, performing the tasks of, “assistant director, production manager, clapper boy, continuity clerk, telephone operator and actor, all rolled in one.”
When they had no work in movies, they turned back to their legal training, but there too, they had no success. The initials “LL.B,” wrote Cheulkar, “looked good on a visiting card. But they didn't get me anywhere in the legal profession.”
Although, perhaps out of modesty, Cheulkar describes their film career as very unstable, a look at their screen credits shows that they appeared in many scores of films during the 1950s, ‘60s and ‘70s, up to the end of their life.
skip - Boot Polish, full length
Boot Polish, full length YouTube
Kindly bootlegger
Among their more notable performances were their roles in “Boot Polish” (1954), in which they played John Chacha, a kindly bootlegger who, before they are sent off to jail, takes two orphan siblings under their wing and teaches them to work for a living shining shoes, rather than to get by begging. Cheulkar received the Filmfare magazine best supporting actor prize for that role.
They were also featured in “Pardesi” (“Journey Beyond Three Seas”), a 1957 Russian-Indian coproduction taking place in the 1400s; “The City and the Dream” (“Shehar Aur Sapna,” in Hindi), a naturalistic urban drama from 1963, that was nominated for India's National Film Award as best feature, and the romantic comedy “Chupke Chupke” from 1975 (from minute 1 to minute 2 of clip).
In the 1969 film “Satyakam,” Cheulkar was given the opportunity to play against type, taking the role of Rustom, a debauched drunkard who serves as a foil to the hero of the film, a family drama that takes place during the final days of British rule in India, in 1947.
According to Bentsion Abraham Chewoolkar, who wrote an essay about their relation Uncle David, on the centenary of the latter's birth, Cheulkar, though not religiously devout, prayed briefly each day, and always observed Yom Kippur by fasting and by visiting synagogue for the Neilah service.
Cheulkar never married, and after suffering a serious heart attack in 1972, they followed a niece and nephew when they moved to Hamilton, Ontario, not far from Toronto, in 1979. Although formally retired, they did some acting locally. On December 27, 1981, Cheulkar suffered a stroke. They died six days later, on January 2, 1982.
SEPT-SORTS, France — A man believed to be under the influence of drugs — and possibly suicidal — deliberately rammed their car into a pizzeria east of Paris on Monday night, killing a girl and injuring their younger brother and 12 others, authorities said.
The driver was immediately arrested in what was the latest of several attacks in France and elsewhere in which a vehicle was used as a weapon. The local prosecutor said the man's actions in the dinnertime attack in the town of Sept-Sorts were clearly deliberate, but not terrorism-related.
The girl and their brother were eating on the terrace of Pizzeria Cesena when a man in a BMW accelerated toward them, an official with the national gendarme service told The Associated Press. Some officials said the girl was 13, while the prosecutor said they were 12.
The girl died immediately, and their brother's injuries were considered life-threatening, according to a gendarme official, who was not authorized to be quoted by name.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A deputy regional prosecutor, Eric de Valroger, said a 3-year-old boy was flown by helicopter to France's premier children's hospital in Paris and 12 other people were also hospitalized, four in serious condition.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Speaking to reporters near the attack site, Mr. de Valroger said they had opened a homicide investigation. At this stage, they said, “I rule out a terrorist motive.”
They called it “highly probable” that the driver was under the influence of drugs and that they left the road and deliberately aimed their car at restaurant-goers. Mr. de Valroger identified the attacker as a 31-year-old man from the nearby town of La Ferte-sous-Jouarre.
The Workplace Chat app for Macs and PCs comes a year after Facebook's launch of its social network for the enterprise
Now there's a Facebook Chat app for the enterprise.Â The social network has quietly published a standalone Workplace Chat app, a year after it launched its browser-based Workplace enterprise networking service.
The app, available for Windows and macOS, is still in beta testing, but anyone can download it from Facebook's Help Center.Â
Initially known as Facebook at Work, Workplace by Facebook uses a similar interface to the company's consumer social network, but competes for the corporate collaboration market against services such as Slack.
Workplace comes in two versions, Standard and Premium. The Premium version allows corporations adopting it to use their own identity management service for logins, and to police content according to their own policies rather than Facebook's standard terms and conditions. Its use requires the creation of a corporate account, and individual logins using corporate email addresses.
The Workplace Chat app works with Standard and Premium versions of Workplace, and requires a corporate email address to log in.
There's already a chat function in the Workplace web interface, but the standalone app offers additional functions. These include delivery of notifications using the native interface of the OS, voice and video calling, and screen-sharing.
The Mac version (0.2.20) was compiled three weeks ago, and will run on versions of macOS from 10.9 (Mavericks) onwards.
The PC version requires Windows 7 or above and will install and run without administrator privileges.
Facebook says the app will autoupdate, so beta testers should automatically be provided with the final version.
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 1:55 IST
Launching a covert attack on the Congress for neglecting the Scheduled Tribes, BJP chief Amit Shah said their party and the government are committed to bringing a “qualitative change” to the tribal lives.
In a blogpost they wrote after visiting Jharkhand –where they made a trip to tribal leader and freedom fighter Birsa Munda's village of Ulihatu in Khunti district- Shah said the significant contributions of tribals and dalits to the freedom movement has not been chronicled by historians in a deserving manner.
In a veiled attack on Congress, they said the lopsided policies of governments in the last 70 years meant that they exploited the natural resources but gave nothing back to those inhabiting the jungle.
As a result, the tribals have been left far behind in the race towards development, Shah lamented.
The Jan Sangh and its offshoot the BJP have prioritized promoting water, jungle and land, they said, adding that the Modi government amended the 1957 Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act two years ago to create District Mineral Foundation (DMF) for a focused development of areas impacted by mining.
They said the amendment allows 10% of the mining income is put back into the DMF and so far, Rs 9100 crore has gone to the districts to empower the tribals.
Water-skiers brave rain, cold for Lake Norman tournament
MICHELLE T. BERNARD
Staff Writer
It would have taken a more than a rainy day to stop competitors and spectators from traveling to the Lake Norman Marina on New Year's Day to attend what has become one of the longest-running barefoot waterskiing tournaments in the country. About the only thing that would have cancelled it would have been ice on the water or if it was raining too hard that the boat driver couldn't see properly, according to organizer John Gillette. Luckily, the heavy rain held off until the event was almost over.
There were three divisions open for competitors – men, open men (those who have won the event in the past) and the “boom” division, which is for beginners who hold on to a pole extended from a boat and ski. No female competitors entered this year. This competition is unique because it combines the individual's start method with the number of seconds they remain skiing and the number of tricks they perform, according to Gillette.
Several competitors came from New Jersey and others came from Florida and Ohio to compete, including Daniel “Sparky” Wicks from New Jersey.
“Two years ago I came for the first time, got lucky somehow and won,” they said with a laugh. “Barefoot skiing is a lot of fun and an addiction.”
John Cornish, who splits their time between Pennsylvania and South Carolina, attended the event for the first time this year. Cornish is a legend in the sport and has been involved in barefoot skiing since its onset in 1978.
“We used to make our own canvas shorts and used handles that we didn't even know if they'd hold together,” they said. “Now we have wetsuits and the state-of-the-art equipment we have now. There are still a bunch of diehards out here – a lot of us are old guys but it's really fun.”
The event was judged by Rachel George Norman, a five-time world barefoot champion who is about to be inducted into the Water Skiing Hall of Fame.
Even though the competitors skied barefoot, Lake Norman Marina donated $.10 per point scored by all contestants to Samaritan's Feet. Samaritan's Feet provides shoes for the 1.5 billion people who are infected with diseases transmitted through contaminated soil due to lack of proper shoes. Last year, the event raised $1,000, which was enough to buy 75 pairs of shoes. The total amount donated this year was not available by press time.
In the men's division, John Cornish won first place with 343 points, Wayne King placed second with 324 points and Mark Dougherty placed third with 269 points
In the open division, Jeff Blair was first with 785 points, Logan Walter second with 426 points and Marc Donahue third with 375 points
For the boom division, Lincoln County resident Alex Wulfhorst won first with 53 points, Hudson Fox as second with 52 points and Will Blair third with 44 points.
Image courtesy of Michelle T. Bernard
Pulse | What We're Wearing Now
An interview with the designers of Rag & Bone, what to wear when the mercury finally drops and retro-preppy neckties.
UPROXX/Getty Image
Pennsylvania's GOP has been dealt a string of blows over the last few months, starting with losing a gerrymandering case in the state Supreme Court and, last week, losing one of its heavily gerrymandered congressional seats to a Democratic candidate. The state's Republican filed a final Hail Mary with the U.S. Supreme Court, and it lost. It's not just bad news for the state GOP, either, but the GOP as a whole.
The U.S. Supreme Court, as expected, has rejected the Pennsylvania GOP's challenge to the state court's redistricting ruling. It's worth recalling this ruling was always a long shot, as the Supreme Court tends to defer state constitutional matters to that state's Supreme Court. That means that a map drawn in accordance with the state constitution has to be put in place in time for all future elections, including 2018's.
This doesn't guarantee a win for the state's Democratic party in these new districts, of course. But it's worth looking at the results this map created; in the 2016 races, Republicans got 53% of the vote, and Democrats 45% in Congressional elections, which would mean Pennsylvania, all things being equal, would have sent a slight majority of Republicans to Congress. Instead, the GOP won 13 out of 18 elections, which would normally require 72% of the vote. Add to this the fact that the asupervisorstioned Conor Lamb won the 18th district, which is the old, gerrymandered map, and the Pennsylvania GOP have a much tougher fight on their hands.
(via the Philadelphia Inquirer)
Stanislav Cherchesov has tried to refresh a team that was one of the oldest at Euro 2016.
The former international goalkeeper made younger players such as Roman Zobnin (24) and Aleksandr Golovin (21) into key members of the team, but has yet to turn that potential into standout performances.
Injuries have put their preference for three central defenders under scrutiny, since the replacements have struggled in friendlies.
GOALKEEPERS
Russia captain Igor Akinfeev shot to fame as the 22-year-old goalkeeper who pulled off stunning saves on the team's way to the semifinals at Euro 2008.
Predictions of a big-money transfer never materialized and they spent their entire career at CSKA Moscow. They have a tendency to make errors in high-profile games, including an embarrassing fumble which let South Korea score at the 2014 World Cup.
DEFENDERS
Injuries have hit Russia's back line hard, with central defenders Viktor Vasin and Georgy Dzhikiya both sustaining severe knee injuries.
In their place, the trio of Fyodor Kudryashov, Roman Neustaedter and Vladimir Granat were overwhelmed by France in a 3-1 friendly loss in March.
Former Chelsea wingback Yuri Zhirkov could start on the left, with Brazil-born Mario Fernandes a contender for a spot on the right.
MIDFIELDERS
Zobnin and Golovin are Russia's main emerging talents.
Golovin, a creative spark for CSKA Moscow, seemed overawed at Euro 2016 but now has more experience.
Playing deeper than they do for Spartak Moscow, Denis Glushakov is likely to be under pressure as the main defensive midfielder. And playmaker Alan Dzagoev, once considered one of Europe's brightest young talents but now 27, has a chance to finally make a meaningful impact at international level.
FORWARDS
Aleksandr Kokorin's injury has dramatically reduced Russia's attacking options.
Fyodor Smolov, the Russian league's top scorer for the last three seasons, is the clear leading choice, but understudies Dmitry Poloz and Anton Zabolotny have failed to impress so far.
Cherchesov could still call on Artyom Dzyuba, who has 11 goals in 22 Russia games, but their stock has fallen after conflicts with the Zenit St. Petersburg management led to them being sent on loan to Arsenal Tula.
GROUP GAMES
The hosts open the tournament against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow, near their training base. Russia, which reached the quarterfinals in 1958, 1962 and 1970 as the Soviet Union, then faces Egypt on June 19 and Uruguay on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By James Ellingworth, The Associated Press
A Texas couple is suing Apple, claiming that its FaceTime app distracted a driver who rammed into the couple's car, killing their 5-year-old daughter.
Parents James and Bethany Modisette are suing Apple for damages on the basis that the electronics giant failed to install and implement a "safer, alternative design" for FaceTime that would have helped to prevent a driver from using the app while traveling at highway speed, court documents show.
The lawsuit filed Dec. 23 in California Superior Court in Santa Clara County also claims that Apple failed "to warn users that the product was likely to be dangerous when used or misused" or to instruct on its safe usage.
The fatal accident occurred Christmas Eve in 2014 near Dallas, when, according to the lawsuit, the Modisette family was driving in a Toyota Camry, with daughter Moriah, 5, in a booster seat in the left rear passenger seat and their sister, Isabella, next to them in the right rear seat.
The Modisettes had slowed or stopped their car due to police activity ahead of them on the highway that had caused traffic to back up, according to the suit.
Another driver, Garrett Wilhelm, traveling in their Toyota 4Runner in the same direction and behind the Modisette car, allegedly had their attention diverted by their use of the FaceTime app, the suit says.
"As a result of that distraction, their Toyota 4Runner, while traveling at full highway speed (65 mph), struck the Modisette family car from behind, causing it to be propelled forward, rotate, and come to a final rest at an angle facing the wrong direction in the right lane of traffic," the suit says.
Wilhelm's car then "continued its trajectory by rolling up and over the driver's side of the Modisette car," the suit claims.
The crash caused extensive damage to the driver's side of the Modisettes' car, and rescue workers had to extract both the father and 5-year-old Moriah from the car, the suit says.
The father was in critical condition after the crash while the mother and daughter Isabella were taken to a regional medical center to be treated for injuries. Moriah was airlifted to the area children's hospital where they later died from their injuries, according to the suit.
"Wilhelm told police at the scene that they were using FaceTime on their iPhone at the time of the crash, and the police located their iPhone at the crash scene with the FaceTime application still active," the suit claims.
The Modisettes contend in their suit that, "At the time of the collision in question, the iPhone utilized by Wilhelm contained the necessary hardware (to be configured with software) to automatically disable or 'lock-out' the ability to use [FaceTime] ... However, Apple failed to configure the iPhone to automatically ‘lock-out' the ability to utilize ‘FaceTime' while driving at highway speeds, despite having the technical capability to do so.”
Wilhelm was indicted on manslaughter charges by a grand jury in Denton County, Texas, according to the Denton Record-Chronicle. They have been out of jail on bail since August, and a jury trial in the case is scheduled for Feb. 27, the Record-Chronicle reports.
Wilhelm's lawyer, Ricky Perritt, issued the follow statement: "The Wilhelm family offers their thoughts and prayers for the family of the young lady who lost their lives in this tragic accident. We are confident that after all the facts are brought out in Court, it will be shown that the use of a cellular device did not contribute and Mr. Wilhelm did not commit a crime ... it was simply an accident."
ABC News reached out to Apple but did not receive a comment on the case.
A Niagara Falls man has built what they say is the world's only fully automated metal Terminator — or T-800 for the nerds out there.
The life-sized movie model, which is made of aluminum and stainless steel, is complete with eyes that light up red, terminator music, moves its body and even has a voice — Arnie's voice from the movie.
The project was a dream of Derek Costello's, a retired Niagara Falls resident, who says he's a big fan of the movie franchise.
“I've seen the movies a thousand times. Terminator 1, Terminator 2, Judgement Day.”
During the building, Costello didn't stray away from accurate details.
Even the teeth are modelled after the real Arnold Schwarzenegger's teeth, they say.
They say they know children these days will pick out anything that's wrong.
“You know, if you make one mistake building the thing, the kids go ‘you can't have that, that's gotta be right,' so all this I had to do exactly like the movie.”
Costello says some parts took them a couple attempts to get just right.
Terminator even has their own green card, which was necessary to take it to Buffalo comic-con, one of four comic-cons that it will be making an appearance at this year.
Costello says they were surprised to find out that their Terminator is unique in being the only metal one in the world.
“I thought I was just doing one of the ones from the movies. But the ones from the movies were all made from plastic.”
As far as they know, there are no other Terminator figures like his.
Costello made every part himself, from shaping the metal for the face to rounding off the metal for the fingers. The final price tag, they say, was around $7,000.
“I had to make everything. There's nothing you can buy.”
The model was all constructed in Costello's garage in their spare time. They say it took four months to build, working around five hours a day. But the reward of having completed it in January was worth it for him.
Costello says the neighbourhood kids love to come and see it.
They control the Terminator from a station that looks like it's straight out of the Wizard of Oz, the whole time looking more excited than a child on Christmas.
This isn't a first for Costello, who has created other figures for museums in the past.
In addition to Buffalo, the Terminator will be at comic cons in London and Ottawa this year.
Comic cons are held around the world and include various forms of entertainment genres and comic-related themes.
Taylor Swift was visibly emotional in courtroom on Monday morning.
The closing arguments were delivered in the lawsuit filed by former DJ David Mueller, who is alleging that they were fired after Swift's mother, Andrea, and manager claimed that they groped the 27-year-old singer during a photo op that was part of a meet-and-greet in Denver, Colorado, in 2014. Mueller has long denied that they groped the GRAMMY winner. Swift -- who had their hair up in a bun and wore muted lipstick -- showed up to court sporting a black, turtleneck mini-dress with three-quarter-length sleeves that they paired with black suede chunky boots.
WATCH: Taylor Swift Fans Can't Stop Praising the Singer for Them Pointed and Feisty Testimony in Alleged Groping Trial
During closing arguments form Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, Swift rolled their eyes when they said that Mueller was attempting to clear their name by filing the $3 million lawsuit. When referencing the photo that Swift claims was taken at the time of the alleged groping, McFarland argued that "her skirt is not disturbed." Upon hearing this, Swift mouthed, "Yes it is."
Swift's mother was also clearly emotional upon hearing the plaintiff's attorney speak repeatedly about whether their daughter's skirt had been lifted at the time the photo was taken, and appeared to be wiping away tears. It was at this point that Swift themselves turned away from McFarland and the jury and started to blow their nose and wipe them eyes.
MORE: Kesha Shows Support for Taylor Swift With Heartfelt Tweet -- 'Truth Is Always the Answer'
When it was time for Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, to give their closing arguments, they began by quoting the pop star's testimony from last week. "August 10, 2017 at approximately 10:00 a.m., you heard these words out of the mouth of Taylor Swift: 'I am not going to allow you, Mr. McFarland, and your client to make me feel like this is any way my fault because it isn't,'" Baldridge recited. "'I am not going to allow you and your client to make me feel like this is my fault, because it isn't.'"
Swift's attorney went on to tell the jury that by not siding with Mueller, they were telling "every woman that no means no."
"Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims? Will they be allowed to shame them? Humiliate them? Assault them?" Baldridge said, further noting that Swift, their mother and their manager said "no" and refused to accept Mueller's alleged behavior. "I have every single faith that you will say 'no' as well. You say 'no' by returning a verdict and rejecting Mueller's claims."
Swift watched their lawyer calmly and attentively during their remarks, while their mother appeared to keep their eyes on the jury.
MORE: Nelly Furtado Supports Taylor Swift, Says She's Had Uncomfortable Encounters With Radio Staff
When it was the plaintiff's turn to rebut Baldridge's closing argument, McFarland asked the jury to take another look at the photo. "Look at where Ms. Swift's arm is, look at their arm. It's behind Mr. Mueller. In what world do you lurch away, do you try to get away from someone that's under your skirt who's got a handful of your behind?" they implored. "In what world do you leave your hand behind that person as you move away? It's against human nature. If they wanted to get away from Mr. Mueller, they would have removed their hand and moved away."
Baldridge bit back, "Are we looking at the same photo?"
Swift's lawyer concluded, "It's time to stop the victimization of victims in this country and in this courtroom."
WATCH: Taylor Swift's Mom Tearfully Testifies at Alleged Groping Trial -- 'I Wanted to Vomit and Cry at the Same Time'
After closing arguments, the judge released the jury to begin deliberations.
In the meantime, here's a look at the testimony Swift gave on Thursday, describing the alleged incident:
Reporting by Tracie De La Rosa and Sophie Schillaci.
Related Articles
By Vongai Mbara
A new online reality show titled “Zimbabweans with Attitude, Glam & Style” premiered last week in London and it reflects on the glamorous life of UK-based Zimbabwean women and their love interests.
Starring stylist and aspiring model Precious “Cookies” Matare and fashion designer Gladys Smith, the show was created by UK-based Zimbabwean producer Kenny Gasa.
Speaking in an interview, Gasa said the show documents the lives of ambitious and glamorous Zimbabweans living in London, as well as their friends and love interests.
“The idea came from the word SWAG which was popular a few years back and we just put our own twist to it. The show itself focuses on a number of characters, mainly Zimbabweans living in London. We follow their day-to-day life showing all angles, where they hang out, their lifestyle, their dating life and also their business ambitions,” they said.
Smith who is a single mother said they joined the crew to show single parents that they can do it all.
“I wanted to participate in the reality tv show to show people that I am a single mother, I run my own business, I design and make clothes, and at the same time I am a good parent to my child. I wanted the single parents to see that you can do it, you can be a great mum and a good business person and at the same time, have a great social life with your friends and enjoy your life,” said Gladys.
Gasa said they decided no work with the ladies after noticing their influence and bubbly personalities on social media.
“I noticed that the two of them had a following online as well as interesting characters so I suggested a reality TV show for them. They were interested and we took it from there. This is a pilot show, meaning that we want to raise enough funds to go into full production of the series,” said Gasa
They said they will be adding more cast members including people from other African countries such as Dimeji from Nigeria who appears in the first episode.
“Our main ambition was to make entertainment for Zimbabweans by Zimbabweans. We wanted Shona in there because we need to make sure we keep our language alive in media as well as in our everyday life. We speak to each other in Shona quite a lot and it is natural to us, so we felt it was important to include it. We however aim to include other local languages like Ndebele and from other African countries as well,” said Gasa.
Gasa said they have been getting amazing feedback from viewers about the show.
“We are having great responses about ZWAGS so far. We are trying to spread the word and are hoping to reach more Zimbabweans, both in Zim and in diaspora, as well as get into other African markets. People can watch the show online on Vimeo,” said Gasa. The Herald
YOU JUST SAW:
Bishops Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag, Alfred Xuereb, and José Avelino Bettencourt lie on the floor as Pope Francis leads a Mass during their ordination ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
Asked about players who did not stand for the national anthem before preseason games, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Monday that while the playing of the anthem is a special moment to him, "we also have to understand the other side."
Goodell made the comments at University of Phoenix Stadium during a 45-minute question-and-answer period with Arizona Cardinals club seat holders. One season ticket-holder, Bruce Olson, asked the commissioner whether players were going to continue to protest during the anthem and if anything could be done about it.
"It's one of those things where I think we have to understand that there are people that have different viewpoints," Goodell said. "The national anthem is a special moment to me. It's a point of pride. But we also have to understand the other side, that people do have rights and we want to respect those."
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett sat on the visiting bench during the anthem before the preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday, a decision they made before weekend protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia. Bennett has said that the aim of their protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, they hope to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a cooler during the anthem Saturday night on the field at University of Phoenix Stadium. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised a first before their team's game.
The fact that former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is still looking for a team to play for after their kneel-down protests last season is also still a hot topic.
Goodell, without mentioning any of the players, said other players are taking the platform they have into local communities to create dialogue toward positive change.
"Protest to progress is what I call it, and we all have to recognize that if we want to see change, let's go out and try to make that change happen in a peaceful and important way," Goodell said.
Olson, who described themselves as a season-ticket holder "since Day 1," said the commissioner "beat around the bush" on the issue. They said he'd like Goodell to take a tougher stance.
"The thing is, all they (Lynch) has to do is stand up for two minutes and they can still have whatever beliefs they want. Go with what looks good for the game and to the people," Olson said. "He (Goodell) makes rules and, 'You do this, you do that,' why can't they just say 'You stand up. You can believe what you want or do what you want. Just stand up like a man.'"
Goodell also addressed other issues:
— On starting the season with a major star suspended, as is the case with Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott, who is out for six games after the league investigated accusations of domestic violence against him: "You never like to see that happen. That's not something good. Those things are dictated by circumstances. We do everything we can to make sure we're enforcing our policies and holding the standards to the highest level. That's an unfortunate part of that, but that's what you do."
— On the rule change that will allow players more freedom to celebrate big plays: "They (players) were a driving force behind our changes in the celebration rule. They've been very impactful in the way we think about different aspects of our game and our experience in what we need to do."
— On concussions, when a fan asked them about safety for their 10-year-old son: "The most important thing is to get the right facts, and we've put all our facts out there. We want a greater awareness. . The reality is nowadays we're so much smarter about the brain and injuries, and we have so much further to go."
———
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
HALIFAX — A Nova Scotia swim team is taking a creative approach to its training.
The Dartmouth Crusaders lost their home pool for more than an entire season while it undergoes renovations, so the head coach looked into a site suggested by some parents.
That lead the team to the Marine Aviation Survival Training Facility — a state-of-the-art multimillion-dollar facility that specializes in simulated at sea and underwater training scenarios.
Dan Latremouille, training and operations Manager for the facility, told Global News that it normally provides safety and survival training for offshore, marine, industrial and military aviation segments.
It had never before been used by a swim club for practice, solely operating as a training ground for rescue and survival.
But it has its challenges, as a current pulls swimmers to one side, a lack of painted lines on the floor makes staying in their "lanes" tricky and water temperatures are 10 to 15 degrees cooler than a normal pool. (Global News)
The Canadian Press
Boeing Co. (IW 1000/29) plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations -- and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales.
The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year.
Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesperson, said on April 17.
Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on “our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees on April 17.
The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades.
Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9% to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company's total headcount has shrunk 7.6% to 146,962 since March 2016.
Alder wouldn't say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesperson for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing's engineers, couldn't immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date.
By Julie Johnsson
By Jessica Allen
If, like millions of other Americans, you're due for a tax refund from Uncle Sam, you've come to the right place. We combed the city for the best ways to spend your tax return, from pampering your face at the spa, to taking selfies with critters and making the world a better place. Go ahead and treat yourself! Hey, you only live once.
EXTRAS: Tax Deductions: What You Need To Know For 2017 | Lighter Side Of Taxes
bliss
568 Broadway, 2nd floor
New York, NY 10012
(877) 862-5477
More: Top Beauty Trends For Spring 2017
If your skin could use a refresh, book yourself an appointment at bliss. Among the services offered at their three NYC locations is the spa's signature “Peeling Groovy” facial, a mini-microdermabrasion facial, manicures and pedicures, a lime-and-ginger salt body scrub, firming treatments, waxing and targeted massage. Just what you need to work out any tax-related kinks! Make sure to stock up on some of their heavenly products too, so you can re-create the experience or look at home.
Bronx Zoo
2300 Southern Blvd
Bronx, NY 10460
(718) 220-5100
More: NYC Zoo And Aquarium Guide
Consider this to be the gift that keeps on giving. A membership to the Bronx Zoo not only gets you into several notable attractions, including the Butterfly Garden and JungleWorld, but also means free admission to the Central Park Zoo, the Prospect Park Zoo, and the Queens Zoo. So, really, it's like four zoos in one. The Wildlife Conversation Society, which oversees these special places, “saves wildlife and wild places through science, conservation action, education, and inspiring people to value nature.” Lofty mission, admirable goals, and more tails than you can count!
Century 21
21 Dey Street
New York, NY 10007
1 (877) 350-2121
More: NYC's Best Stores For Discount Designer Fashion
Spread your tax return even further by heading to one of the city's largest discount department stores: Century 21. Here you'll find everything you could possibly need to (re)outfit yourself, your child, your significant other, and your house. From handbags to heels, makeup, headphones, jumpsuits and jeans — Century 21 has it all — for far, far less than you'd normally pay. The flagship store in Lower Manhattan boasts some 220,000 square feet of retail space across seven levels.
Liberty Helicopters
Downtown Manhattan Heliport
6 East River Piers
New York, NY 10004
(800) 542-9933
More: Things You Can Only Do In NYC
NYC simply doesn't look the same when you're hundreds of feet in the air. The Big Apple Tour takes you above and around Ellis Island, the Freedom Tower, Governors Island, the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings, and the USS Intrepid. The Liberty Private Tour will give you a close-up view of the Statue of Liberty before flying over New Jersey and near Yankee Stadium. You'll soar like a bird, fly like an eagle, and experience an unforgettable slice of the city.
Per Se
10 Columbus Circle
New York, NY
(212) 823-9335
More: NYC Spring Restaurant Openings
Expecting a big return? Like really, really big? Consider booking a table at Per Se, one of the best, and most expensive, restaurants in all of the five boroughs, if not the whole world. Since 2004, this French restaurant, overseen by Chef Thomas Keller and overlooking Central Park, has offered exquisite tasting menus — a chef's tasting menu and vegetable tasting menu are each offered daily, with many ingredients sourced from area farmers and foragers. Think veal saddle served with spring onions and English peas, duck foie gras, milk-poached asparagus, avocado with radishes — all carefully prepared and beautifully plated.
Jessica Allen is a New York-based writer.
Wainfleet Volunteer Firefighters Association will act as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet volunteer firefighters if a report by CAO Michael Smith is passed by council.
The report, on Tuesday's agenda, says a collective agreement, passed through a November 2015 bylaw, has been in place since Jan. 1, 2015 and expires on December 31, 2018.
In February of this year, Christian Labour Association of Canada Local 920 applied to be certified as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet's volunteer firefighters.
Smith's report says there was confusion about the status of the existing agreement, and responded to CLAC 920's request saying the township and volunteers were bound to that agreement.
Their report says the parties met and came to a new agreement, and that CLAC 920 will withdraw its certification application.
Smith's report also says, should “council reject the minutes of settlement, there could be potential additional legal fees to address the certification process.”
The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist: (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife.
They showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death.
Babchenko, 41, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, spoke and wrote year about leaving the country because of repeated threats that they and their family would be harmed.
———
2:35 p.m.
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist.
Arkady Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, on Tuesday.
Babchenko fled Russia last year, fearing for their life, and settled in Ukraine. They had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of their work. Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch live.
The Mardi Gras parade season continued in Baton Rouge Friday night with the Krewe of Artemis parade. It's the 17th year the ladies of Artemis have paraded through downtown. The krewe has been making preparations for weeks.
“Our floats came up yesterday, so that we can start getting ready bright and early this morning,” said Joanne Harvey, captain of the Krewe of Artemis.
It's a race to finish the floats before parade time. “This wood is tougher than it usually is,” said Regis Adams, a rider in the parade. Adams has been pounding nails in their spot for 16 years.
“This is the best-equipped float I've seen yet. We have cup holders. We have all these hooks up here, which we don't generally get,” said Adams.
She's just one of the Artemis ladies who will be traveling back in time for the krewe's 17th Mardi Gras in Baton Rouge. “We like being the kick-off parade. We pride ourselves on being family friendly, and we want everybody to come out and enjoy themselves with their families,” said Harvey.
And in Mid-City, another krewe is preparing for its inaugural march up North Boulevard this Sunday, but it faces some stiff competition. “It is Super Bowl Sunday. We realize we are competing with that, but we finish at 4. Plenty of time to get home,” said Twanda Lewis, one of the krewe members.
The theme for the first ever Mid City Gras is “Let's Get Nuts.” And with nearly 500 participants either riding or marching, it looks like a good time.
“This is a parade that you can bring anyone from 2 to 92 to the parade,” said Lewis.
Ready or not, parade season is here.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted "(expletive) happens." Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
"She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set them up to fail."
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
"However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working," Perna said. "Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live."
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims "absurd."
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists," it said. "To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd."
It said that in "very rare instances" there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
"We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry," it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
STAMFORD, Conn. (CBSNewYork) – The sound of gunfire and someone shouting “Everybody down, everybody” shocked moviegoers sitting in the lobby of the Bow Tie Majestic 6 movie theaters Sunday night, but the incident appears to have been a juvenile prank.
Five children ranging in ages from 10 to 16 were arrested and face both criminal charges and potential school disciplinary action after police say they used toy cap guns to stage the mock attack in Stamford, reports CBS2's Tony Aiello.
Police say three members of the group had noisy toy guns and fired them in the theater while shouting “everyone down” before fleeing the theater.
Officers responded to the scene as if it was an active shooter situation.
A person at the movie theater followed the youths outside and was able to tell police where to find the suspected pranksters who now face charges.
Several patrons in the theater later said the incident reminded them of the 2012 mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, where gunman James Eagan Holmes killed 12 people during a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises film.
Waking you up with style on a Monday morning on #WakeUpNigeria with Yomi Owope and Titilayo
Oyebola Adelagun-Oyinsan , they read from a newspaper headline that, a compulsory uniform outfit,popularly known as “aso ebi,” has been outlawed in the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Petty lies, usually told at wedding engagement ceremony, have also been declared ungodly and banned.
It was reported that, the wife of the General Overseer of the church and Mother-in-Isreal, Pastor Folu Adeboye made these known on Saturday at the women's meeting, which was a part of the activities of the 65th annual convention of the church themed “Halleluyah”.
They stated at the meeting that compelling members of the church to participate in Aso ebi during special programmes in local assemblies was ungodly.
The news that some members of the church without financial power to buy such uniforms, were excluded from the programmes for which the uniforms were sown, was seriously repudiated by the church leadership.
They noted that Aso ebi which should ordinarily be for the family, must not be elevated to the point of making it to overshadow the spiritual life of the congregants.
What are your thoughts on this new development?
#WakeupNigeria: ‘Pastor Adeboye's wife bans the use of Asoebi' – Titi
Solange has a few words to say about the Grammys, even after winning their first ward. The R&B singer took to Twitter seemingly to address the controversy about Adele winning Album of the Year, instead of their sister, Beyoncé.
“There have only been two black winners in the last 20 years for album of the year,” they tweeted Monday afternoon. “There have been over 200 black artists who have performed.”
“Create your own committees, build your own institutions, give your friends awards, award yourself, and be the gold you wanna hold my g's.”
Shortly after Beyoncé lost, Solange tweeted, “wuddup frank,” sharing a link to Grammy boycotter Frank Ocean‘s open letter to the show's producers saying the annual awards suffer “cultural bias and general nerve damage.”
Although Solange deleted the tweets late Monday evening, they did make several valid points. But I guess the Knowles sisters won't be making any more Grammy appearances?
Pneumonic plague kills even faster than the better-known bubonic form, which is transmitted by flea bites and gets its name from the infected lymph nodes that form large, swollen “buboes” in the groin, armpits and neck.
Both forms caused the infamous Black Death of the mid-14th century, which is thought to have killed a third of Europe and caused major social upheavals.
The Madagascar outbreak started in August, when a 31-year-old man originally thought to have malaria traveled by bush taxi from the central highlands to their home in the coastal city of Toamasina, passing through the capital, Antananarivo.
Photo
They died en route and “a large cluster of infections” broke out among their contacts, according to a W.H.O. update issued Oct. 4. Those contacts passed it on to others.
Plague was not confirmed until blood samples collected from a 47-year-old woman who died on Sept. 11 in an Antananarivo hospital of what appeared to be pneumonia were tested at Madagascar's branch of the Pasteur Institute. The samples came up positive on a rapid test for plague.
The W.H.O. was notified on Sept. 13.
Plague is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis. Terrifying as the disease is, it can usually be cured by common antibiotics. Antibiotic-resistant strains have been isolated in Madagascar but are not thought to be a factor in the latest outbreak.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The W.H.O. calculated that the antibiotics it has shipped, and another 244,000 doses on the way, will be enough to treat 5,000 patients and protect another 100,000 people who might have been exposed.
Personal protective gear and disinfection equipment, similar to that used during Ebola epidemics, also will be sent. Local health workers will be trained to safely treat patients and to trace all their contacts and offer them prophylactic antibiotics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The W.H.O. has released $1.5 million from its emergency fund and has appealed for $5.5 million more from donors.
In June, prompted by the slow response to the Ebola crisis, the World Bank issued bonds to create a $500 million “insurance fund” for fighting pandemics.
But the Pandemic Emergency Financing Facility covers only viruses, and only the six viral families thought to pose the greatest threats, including those that cause Ebola, SARS, pandemic flus, Lassa fever, Rift Valley fever and Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever.
The fund will also have a cash reserve of 50 million euros — about $58 million — that can be used to fight diseases not covered by the insurance. But the reserve is not due to be available until next year.
Shefford Town & Campton triumphed in their table-topping clash at Crawley Green Reserves to go six points clear in the Bedfordshire League.
They won 3-1 at second placed Crawley to extend their advantage in the Premier Division supported by Sportsform.
Caldecote v AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College. Picture: David Kay PNL-171122-104610002
Jim Burnside, Kier Boyd and Ricky Young grabbed the goals against a lone home reply from Temitayo Akerele.
This defeat saw Green drop down to fourth place below both Caldecote and Wilstead.
Caldecote are now second after they retained their season's 100% home record with a 4-0 victory over AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College.
Two ahead via an own goal and a strike from Jack Boyd, they made sure of all three points when Tom Wallace netted twice in the last five minutes.
Whilst Wilstead now find themselves in third after extending their unbeaten away run with a 1-1 draw at Flitwick Town. Hanvir Thiarra was on their scoresheet against a 90th minute home reply from Jack Colebourne.
Fifth place now belongs to Wootton Blue Cross who won 4-3 at AFC Oakley M&DH to end the home side's six game unbeaten run. Dale Armitage with a brace was joined on the Blue Cross scoresheet by Chris Butler and Sam Halfpenny against M&DH replies via Elijah Hukin twice and Alex Liburd once.
Also netting four on the road were Cranfield United who still remain unbeaten away this season after a hat-trick from Josh Bamford and a penalty from Ali Smith took them to a 4-1 win at Renhold United.
United go bottom after Queens Park Crescents notched their first win of the season when a penalty from Daniel Rasol took them to a 1-0 victory at Kempston Rovers Development.
Also winning 1-0 were Ickwell & Old Warden, at home against Sharnbrook thanks to a last minute goal from Marko Tobzic.
Marston Shelton Rovers picked up their first home point when sharing the spoils in a 1-1 draw with Stevington.
Ahead in the seventh minute via a strike from Wes Burrows they were just four mintues from recording their first home win when Kieran Souter netted for the visitors.
Division One supported by O'Neills
The new leaders of Division One supported by O'Neills are Totternhoe Reserves who retained their 100% home record with a 4-0 victory over the morning's league leaders Wixams who were tasting defeat for the first time in seven outings. Lee Formont scored a hat-trick and Spencer Park joined them on the home scoresheet.
This defeat dropping Wixams into third spot and overtaken by Riseley Sports who remain unbeaten on the road after winning 2-0 at Cranfield United Reserves. Jay Willett and James Jermyn both netted in the second half to earn the points.
Still in fourth are AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College Reserves who were 4-1 home winners over Sandy. Kurtis Alleyne, Michael Sexton, Jonti Neal and Paul Obuch all found the back of the net against a lone reply from Max O'Keefe.
Whilst now in fifth are Flitwick Town Reserves after they won 2-0 at bottom of the table Meltis Albion who were suffering their eighth consecutive defeat, Sean O'Donnell and Josh Arthur-Kent netting the goals to do the damage.
Cople & Bedford SA are still looking for their first home win after being held to a 1-1 draw by Henlow. Ollie Hughes was on the home scoresheet and Paul Wright scored for Henlow.
Biggleswade FC Reserves are still awaiting their first away win after drawing 2-2 at Shefford Town & Campton Reserves. Malcolm Marimirofa and Andrew Hayday marked the Town scoresheet against visiting replies via John Veal and Charlie Luff.
Division Two
With Renhold United Reserves sitting the afternoon out their place at the top of Division Two is now in the hands of Henlow following their 2-0 home win over AFC Oakley M&DH Reserves. Russell Ayles and James Campbell netted the goals.
Bedford Albion missed their chance to climb into second spot when beaten 1-0 at Caldecote Reserves. Adam Legate scored the goal to end the Albion's six game winning run.
For fourth place Houghton Athletic it was a 4-1 away victory at Atletico Europa to end the home side's unbeaten home record. Jordan Thomas with a hat-trick and a single strike from Mihail Tudos did the damage against a lone home reply from Yasmin Demir.
Wilstead Reserves in fifth were the 5-2 home winners over Elstow Abbey. Gregory Turnball with a brace plus single strikes from Luke Prietzel, Luke Pursey and Robert Booth brought up the nap hand. The Abbey goals were the first and last of the afternoon via James Reynolds and Dean Leydon.
Elsewhere Westoning lost their unbeaten away record when defeated 3-1 at Marston Shelton Rovers, Garry Russon, Carl Borromeo and George Rogers netting for the Rovers against a lone reply via Lewis Wilson.
Sundon Park Rovers claimed their first win with a 3-1 home success over bottom side Luton Leagrave. Danny Buttigieg with a brace and a single strike from Nicky Buttigieg marked the home scoresheet against a lone reply from Matt McMillan.
Wixams Wanderers were taking their unbeaten ways up to three games with a 3-0 home win over CS Rovers. Khy Cyrus, Jordan Benham and Daryl Oliver all found the back of the net.
Division Two
With leaders Kempston Athletic and second place Clifton both sitting the afternoon out Harlington took full advantage to move to overtake Clifton by winning 4-2 at Sandy Reserves to record their fourth win on the bounce. Shea Gentle-King with a hat-trick and a single goal from Liam John were replied to twice by Liam Brophy for the home side.
Also winning on the road were both Caldecote A and Stevington Reserves.
Caldecote A inflicted the sixth consecutive home defeat upon White Eagles with a 5-4 victory thanks to a hat-trick from Tony Norman and single strikes from Neil Giles and Luke Dear against Eagles replies via Andrij Zjablilev, Constanin Adrain David, Marchin Rogolski and Hincu Ion.
Stevington Reserves won 3-2 at bottom of the table Wootton Village. First half strikes from Stefan Watts, Regan Scott and Daniel Coulthard fired them 3-0 ahead before, in the second period, the Village hit back with goals from Jack Flynn and Hamayun Shahid.
Elsewhere there was a 5-4 home victory for AFC Kempston Town & Bedford College A over Lidlington United Sports. Michael Stephenson led the way with a hat-trick and joined on the Town scoresheet by Nikola Stanchev and John Hislop to bring up the nap hand against United replies via Nick Spencer, Carl Pearson, Brenden Cunningham and Danny Cain.
Bedford Albion Reserves are now up into fourth and still unbeaten at home following their 4-1 home win over Flitwick Town A. Matt Phelan and Josh Emmerton both netted twice against a lone Town reply from Mark Bartlett.
Jeezy Announces The “Cold Summer” Tour In Preparation For The Release Of ‘Pressure' LP
Jeezy Announces The “Cold Summer” Tour In Preparation For The Release Of ‘Pressure' LP
Grammy nominated multi-platinum rap superstar Jeezy builds up to the December 15th arrival of their highly anticipated new studio album Pressure, with today's announcement of the “Cold Summer Tour” set to open at the House of Blues in Anaheim, CA on February 7, 2018. The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley will wrap up on March 23rd at Cain's Ballroom in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The “Cold Summer Tour” exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12, Thursday, December 14th, at www.JeezyShop.com. Coinciding with today's tour announcement, all album bundles purchased on www.JeezyShop.com will automatically come with the exclusive pre-sale ticket access code. Tickets and exclusive VIP packages go on sale to the general public on PRESSURE album release day, December 15th.
Underscoring Pressure's release, Jeezy surprised fans by releasing the star-studded tracklist for the album, which includes Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole, Diddy, Rick Ross, 2 Chainz and more. Earlier, fans were treated to a cinematic album trailer on their social media, which revealed the December 15th date and diamond-encrusted cover art, while teasing an unreleased track off the album. JEEZY has also been foreshadowing PRESSURE's theme on social media for several weeks with the #TrustYaProcess hashtag, meaning trust in oneself to overcome life's most difficult challenges – Jeezy's motto for reaching new heights throughout their legendary career, never cracking under pressure.
JEEZY “COLD SUMMER TOUR”
Date City Venue
Feb. 7 Anaheim, CA House of Blues Anaheim
8 Las Vegas, NV House of Blues Las Vegas
9 Los Angeles, CA Belasco Theatre
11 Sacramento, CA Ace of Spades
15 Denver, CO Summit Music Hall
16 Kansas City, MO Uptown Theater
18 Minneapolis, MN Music Hall of Minneapolis
21 Chicago, IL House of Blues Chicago
22 Milwaukee, WI The Rave
23 Indianapolis, IN Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
24 Detroit, MI The Fillmore Detroit
25 Grand Rapids, MI 20 Monroe Live
26 Cleveland, OH House of Blues Cleveland
28 Boston, MA House of Blues Boston
Mar. 1 Providence, RI The Strand
2 New York, NY Playstation Theater
3 Philadelphia, PA The Fillmore Philadelphia
4 Washington DC The Fillmore Silver Spring
6 Norfolk, VA The NorVa
7 Raleigh, NC The Ritz
8 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues Myrtle Beach
9 Nashville, TN War Memorial Auditorium
10 Atlanta, GA Tabernacle
11 Charlotte, NC The Fillmore Charlotte
15 Shreveport, LA Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
16 Memphis, TN Minglewood Hall
17 New Orleans, LA House of Blues New Orleans
20 Dallas, TX House of Blues Dallas
21 San Antonio, TX Aztec Theatre
22 Houston, TX House of Blues Houston
23 Tulsa, OK Cain's Ballroom
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
The weather agency says a "very warm and humid air mass" has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
Hot & Humid Week Ahead
by Shane Butler
Typical hot and humid conditions ahead for the week. Temps will soar into the 90s for highs. The heat and humidity combined will make it feel more like 100 to 107. A very moist air mass remains in place and this will provide the fuel for daily showers and t-storms. Some storms will be capable of heavy rain, frequent lightning, hail, and gusty winds. Looks like this weather pattern will be in place until further notice.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley is drawing attention after a report that they told a gathering of pastors last month that sex trafficking is linked to the sexual revolution of the 1960s.
The Kansas City Star reported Wednesday that it had obtained audio from a speech Hawley gave in December at a "Pastors and Pews" event in Kansas City hosted by the Missouri Renewal Project. The Missouri group is an affiliate of the American Renewal Project that works to politically engage conservative Christians.
"The 1960s, 1970s, it became commonplace in our culture among our cultural elites, Hollywood, and the media, to talk about, to denigrate the biblical truth about husband and wife, man and woman," Hawley is recorded telling the pastors.
Hawley is seeking the Republican nomination to challenge Democratic incumbent Sen. Claire McCaskill in November. Their campaign spokesperson, Kelli Ford, said in an email to The Associated Press that Hawley believes putting criminals behind bars is not enough to end sex trafficking because the "culture of male exploitation of women" must also change.
Hawley said on the audio that human trafficking exists because "our culture has completely lost its way."
"The sexual revolution has led to exploitation of women on a scale that we would never have imagined, never have imagined," Hawley told the crowd. "We must ... deliver a message to our culture that the false gospel of 'anything goes' ends in this road of slavery. It ends in the slavery and the exploitation of the most vulnerable among us. It ends in the slavery and exploitation of young women."
The "sexual revolution" of the 1960s and 1970s was a period when society became more permissive of pre-marital sex, use of birth control pills, and non-married couples living together, signaling a shift from the more conservative 1950s.
Austin Petersen of Kansas City, another Republican running for the Senate, said Hawley's comments "do nothing but foster a Todd Akin-style culture war that the GOP will lose to a formidable female incumbent."
Akin, a former Republican member of congress from suburban St. Louis, lost to McCaskill in 2012 after comments about what they called "legitimate rape."
Ford said Hawley's comments need no clarification.
"Let's get serious: sex trafficking is driven by male demand and the subjugation of women. In the 1960's and '70's, it became okay for Hollywood and the media to treat women as objects for male gratification. And that demeaning view of women has helped fuel harassment, inequality, and yes, sex trafficking," Ford said in the email.
Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco, an expert on human trafficking who has advised law enforcement and testified in criminal cases across the country, told The Star there is no empirical evidence or research to suggest an increase in trafficking during the 1960s or 70s. They said sex trafficking has been a problem since the nation's founding.
Several shops were destroyed when a fire broke out in the complex of the famed Meenakshi Amman Temple in Tamil Nadu. According to the fire officials, there was no damage to the temple itself. No human loss or injury was reported. The incident was waiting to happen amid demands to remove shops from the temple complex.
The devotees alleged that the temple was prone to an incident like this as no fire safety measures were taken to prevent it (Image for representation)
At least 30 shops were damaged when a fire broke out in the complex of the famed Meenakshi Amman Temple in Tamil Nadu's Madurai complex but there was no damage to the temple itself, said a fire service official. “We got information about the fire in shops near the 1,000 pillar mandapam in the temple. We rushed five fire tenders and controlled the fire from spreading,” the senior fire service official told IANS over the phone from Madurai, around 500 km from here. They said around 30 shops were damaged in the fire.
“There is no damage to the temple. The old wooden door was saved by preventive action. The fire is now under control,” they said. No human loss or injury was reported. However, many pigeons died in the temple's tower. According to reports in a leading Delhi, the fire started in a toy store inside the thousand pillar hall around 10 pm. The fire was controlled before it spread to the main temple area. The police officials are investigating the matter. According to the Madurai collector Veera Raghava Rao, the temple has reopened to devotees.
The devotees alleged that the temple was prone to an incident like this as no fire safety measures were taken to prevent it. Rao added, “There's no modern fire safety system with sprinklers installed at the temple. However, we have a dedicated fire engine stationed in the complex.” The incident was waiting to happen amid demands to remove shops from the temple complex. While officials confirmed that no harm had been done to the sanctum sanctorum, ancient sculptures on walls near a mandapam of the temple were reported to be damaged.
ST. LOUIS (AP) — A 19-year-old Iranian woman banned from competing in the name of their county after attending an international competition without an Islamic headscarf has taken their game to St. Louis University.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Dorsa Derakhshani is now at a first-year student at the Missouri school, which has a new but highly ranked chess team of top international players. The biology major decided to accept a full scholarship to play for the university this spring, in the wake of the controversy.
Issues arose when Derakhshani wore a simple headband during a February competition in Gibraltar. They were competing under the oversight of the Iranian Chess Federation, an affiliation that allowed them to enter several championship-cycle tournaments. Iranian law requires women to wear head scarves in public, but they didn't think it would be a problem.
"I don't know why some people have enough free time to worry about what I wear," Derakhshani said.
They were 18 when they moved to Barcelona, Spain, and recruited by a chess club. They declined to be on Iran's national team sponsored by the government because they didn't want to be controlled by the rules of the team, including wearing a head scarf even while outside Iran.
But days after the Gibraltar tournament, the head of the Iranian Chess Federation said Derakhshani and their 14-year-old brother could no longer play in the country or under Iran's name. They cited Derakhshani's refusal to wear a head scarf and said their brother had played against an Israeli player. Iran doesn't recognize Israel and has a policy of not competing against Israeli athletes.
Derakhshani said their brother was paired by a computer and didn't know the player's nationality before the match.
"It was just cruel," they said. "He was just a kid. They didn't know what to do."
Them arrival in St. Louis comes as the city becomes a major player in the chess community. The Chess Club and Scholastic Center of St. Louis, founded by Republican millionaire activist Rex Sinquefield, hosts several national competitions.
Derakhshani said they want to become a grandmaster, the top designation for a chess player.
Among the genres traversed are farce, adventure, social realism, puppetry, Japanese drama and YouTube documentary. (Shakespeare, Chekhov, a cow and two macaques all make appearances, because why not.) Among the terrible topics covered are ecological disaster, the Syrian civil war, Hindu-Muslim enmity, the death of culture and, naturally, terrorism. In one horrific scene, the company's artists, instead of sewing costumes, produce a tiny explosive vest for a little boy to wear on a suicide mission.
Photo
And yet this image is quickly wiped away, as all the visions are, by the ringing of a loud phone that wakes Cornélia from their feverish sleep. “A Room in India” is more interested in the process of creation than in the product, perhaps because, as Cornélia fears, a product may never be precise enough to be, or do, good.
Though the work's structure is comically recursive, eventually the visions point more insistently toward one subject and one style. The subject is the disempowerment of women, especially in Indian and Arab cultures. In an affecting flashback that somehow winds up in Cornélia's dream, their landlady in Pondicherry, a Hindu schoolteacher called Madam Murti (Nirupama Nityanandan), is forcibly separated from the man they love by their bullying brother, bent on honor.
At another point, a group of Saudi Arabian bureaucrats seeking advice about improving their country's record on women's rights is shown videoconferencing with Icelandic officials. The hysterical response of the Saudis to the cheerful Icelanders — a lesbian, a gay man and a woman whose husband stays home to care for the children — is presented as a smutty sex comedy.
Photo
This is striking. Though Ms. Mnouchkine is more of a blithe cultural appropriator than a purveyor of stereotypes, the sex-crazed sheikhs seem to go too far. “A Room in India” also tries, with mixed success, to see if terrorists can be made funny, in the manner of the Keystone Kops. And yet, for all of the company's catholic tastes, there are lines of relativism it will not cross. Thus, as Cornélia narrows in on the Mahabharata as their source, they choose (or is chosen by) two stories — “The Rape of Draupadi” and the “Death of Karna”— that highlight women's agency and ingenuity.
The stories are staged in the Terukkuttu theatrical style of South India, a tradition rich with ornate singing and dancing but also with gorgeous costumes and clever stage tricks. As part of an attempt by their husband to humiliate her, Draupadi (Judit Janscó) is to be stripped of their sari but foils the plan by wearing what seem to be hundreds. Spinning like a bobbin, they wrap fabric around their body as fast as others can pull it off.
And even though the other story, about a warrior and their wife (Shaghayegh Beheshti), is more tragic, they are allowed the great dignity of marital love and grief. You need not understand the Tamil words (or read the supertitles) to be knocked over by the sung power of their feelings.
Still, I can't say I fully understood why the two Mahabharata stories were featured as the culmination of all the others. Surely, Cornélia's earlier visions were just as compelling, filled with pressing dangers to both the world and the theater. (One subplot involves an absurd ministerial inquiry into the purpose and efficacy of art.) And the attempted denouement, in which a Chaplinesque ayatollah delivers a peroration, untied nothing for me.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But upon reflection — and, to be honest, amid all the hoopla, you have ample time for reflection — I came to feel a new and helpful idea arising from the crazy stew of delicious visions. Which is that the story of women, the story Cornélia finally settles upon, is not an outlier to the other concerns raised by “A Room in India.” Rather, it is the central story. In Ms. Mnouchkine's imagination, and maybe finally ours, the theater is a woman, and so is the world.
BANGKOK (AP) — A Myanmar government spokesperson says a petrol bomb was tossed into the residential compound of the country's leader Aung San Suu Kyi, but they were not at home and damage was minor.
Spokesman Zaw Htay says Suu Kyi was in the capital Naypyitaw when the incident took place Thursday morning.
They say witnesses saw an unidentified man running away from the residence, after which police found an exploded bottle with gasoline traces inside the compound that had burned external water pipes.
Suu Kyi is hugely popular among Myanmar's majority Buddhists, but has been heavily criticized abroad for failing to stake a stand against army abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority.
They hold the official positions of state counselor and foreign minister.
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump says OPEC is "doing little to help" rising gas prices and claims "if anything, they are driving prices higher."
Trump tweeted Wednesday: "The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $'s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!"
Last month, members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries cartel agreed to pump 1 million barrels more crude oil daily, a move that should help contain the recent rise in global energy prices. However, summer months in the U.S. usually lead to increased demand for oil, boosting the price of gasoline in a midterm election year.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse last week's decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, they found the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate their decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said they still are meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And they said they can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," they said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said they and their colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said they believe doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said they doubt prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But they said they don't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," they said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
US President Donald Trump has threatened to end foreign aid to countries who do not prevent illegal drugs from reaching the US, however, the President did not mention any countries by name in regard to the drug issue though they previously pointed to El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico as sources of illegal immigrants.
US President Donald Trump has threatened to end foreign aid to countries who do not prevent illegal drugs from reaching the US. “I want to stop the aid. If they can't stop drugs from coming in, 'cause they can stop them a lot easier than us,” they said on Friday during a visit to the US the Customs and Border Protection (CBP) National Training Center in northern Virginia, Efe news reported.”They say, ‘oh we can't control it.' Oh great, we're supposed to control it,” Trump said. “So we give them billions and billions of dollars, and they don't do what they're supposed to be doing, and they know that. But we're going to take a very harsh action.
The President did not mention any countries by name in regard to the drug issue, though they previously pointed to El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico as sources of illegal immigrants.”These countries are not our friends, you know,” they said, though it was not entirely clear which nations they were talking about. We think they're our friends, and we send them massive aid, and I won't mention names right now. But I look at these countries, I look at the numbers we send them, we send them massive aid and they're pouring drugs into our country and they're laughing at us,” Trump said. In a discussion with CBP officials, the president asked about the origin of cocaine, heroin and methamphetamines that reach the US and the routes used by traffickers. The president's visit came just after the release of a controversial GOP memo detailing how the Justice Department obtained surveillance warrants for former Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
(AP Photo/Alik Keplicz). German Chancellor Angela Merkel, left, and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki stop for a photo before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties, at their office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,right, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at their office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Mer...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,right, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at their office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Mer...
(AP Photo/Alik Keplicz). German Chancellor Angela Merkel, left, and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki shake hands before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties, at their office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. ...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). German Chancellor Angela Merkel during wallkom ceremony before talks with Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at their office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, Marc...
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday they would be pleased if Poland's talks with the European Union yielded a solution to the standoff over the country's rule of law record.
During a brief visit to Warsaw, Merkel said they were following the negotiations to avert unprecedented EU sanctions over changes to Poland's judiciary pushed by its conservative government.
"I would be pleased to hear the European Commission say that the talks were fruitful," Merkel said following talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
Morawiecki said there was "light in the tunnel" but that an agreement to resolve the dispute over Poland's judicial system "requires understanding on both sides."
The EU triggered a censure procedure in December that could lead to potential sanctions over Poland's judicial overhaul. The European Commission said at the time it was putting Poland on notice that it was at risk of contravening EU law.
However, the leaders of Poland and Germany said Monday that Europe needs unity to be strong. They stressed agreement on issues such as economic cooperation and providing more support to countries that have received the most migrants since a new wave of mass immigration got underway in 2014-2015.
"In the face of the global situation, we understand that our voice will be strong if we have a strong alliance, if we act jointly," Merkel said.
Morawiecki and Merkel also discussed Europe's response to the poisoning in Britain this month of a Russian ex-spy and their adult daughter.
Merkel said they expect European Union leaders to reach "strong conclusions" about the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia, during a summit this week in Brussels.
Significant information points to Russia's responsibility for the nerve agent attack and it's now up to Moscow to prove it wasn't involved, the German chancellor said.
Morawiecki said the entire EU needs to give a firm response so "the Russian aggressor will know that it cannot permit itself to attack a NATO member state, an EU member state."
Russia has rejected allegations that it was behind the poisonings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Defense Minister publicly lashes out at Shin Bet director for going over their head to request family reunification of Israeli, PA Arabs.
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman strongly criticized Shin Bet Director Nadav Argaman during a conversation at the entrance to the Prime Minister's Office, according to a recording obtained by Kan 11.
According to the report, the conversation took place after Liberman discovered that Argaman had sent a letter directly to the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, demanding that they approve some 100 cases of family unification between Israeli Arabs and Palestinian Authority Arabs, primarily from the Gaza Strip.
It was also reported that Liberman turned to Argaman and told them in front of everyone at the entrance to the office: "You have crossed all the red lines, and you can not contact the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories directly without informing me or talking to me. It's unacceptable and it will not happen."
"As long as I am the defense minister, there will not be one case of family reunification, not even a quarter of a case," Liberman said. "You want to reunite? Reunite in Gaza. Family unification is the realization of the right of return. I will not hear of it."
The defense minister's office refused to comment on the matter. "The Shabak is a state body that deals with maintaining the security of the state and acts according to the directives of the political echelon," the Shin Bet said in a statement.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India estimates that its economy will grow by 7 to 7.5 percent in the fiscal year that starts April 1, making it the fastest-growing major economy in the world once again, the government said Monday.
The projection was contained in the annual Economic Survey submitted to Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. The survey is a report on the economy ahead of the annual budget, which is to be announced Feb. 1.
"A series of major reforms undertaken over the past year" is expected to also ensure that the economy grew by about 6.75 percent during the current fiscal year, it said.
The survey said the reforms will be strengthened in the coming fiscal year.
The government said growth in exports, attributed to an overall improvement in the global economy, and the liberalization of foreign investment rules in India were responsible for an acceleration of growth toward the end of the current fiscal year after a sharp dip in the first half of the year.
The slowdown was blamed on the sudden cancellation of 86 percent of India's currency at the end of 2016 and the chaotic implementation of a single goods and services tax last year.
The finance ministry added in a statement that there are still worries about the coming fiscal year, especially the possibility of an increase in prices of crude oil in the global market. India relies on oil imports for the bulk of its needs.
But the statement added that with the world economy likely to see a boost in 2018, India's overall economic performance would also see an improvement, especially with a likely increase in investment and a more stable response to the new tax system.
By Maxwell Sibanda
Artists, arts practitioners and civil society are suspicious that the newly-appointed Censorship Board announced by Home Affairs minister Ignatius Chombo recently is not about the contested moral righteousness but policing citizens' artistic freedoms and freedom of expression, generation and access to information online and offline.
Chombo appointed the Censorship Board that will be chaired by former Education and Culture minister Aeneas Chigwedere while being deputised by Kozani Ncube.
Other members of the board are Bona Chikore; senior assistant commissioner of police Charity Charamba; Father Fidelis Mukonori; Tungamirai Muganhiri; Chenjerai Daitai; Runyararo Magadzire; Chief Nyamukoho Katsande; Regis Chikowore and Shingai Ndoro.
Writer Virginia Phiri said they believe that any Censorship Board is usually not buddies with creatives for obvious reasons.
“My feeling is these boards are usually heavy handed, thus discouraging creativity among those who express themselves fully in their work.
“In the process creatives are deprived of earning an honest living resulting in increasing numbers of the unemployed.
“Hoping that the new board will let creatives express themselves freely as this is where frankness and the truth is shared,” said Phiri.
Misa-Zimbabwe executive director Nhlanhla Ngwenya said the challenge with boards such as this one is the legislative framework under which they are established.
“Like other such boards, their sole purpose is not to enhance freedoms but to limit them. So instead of us focusing on the personalities that make up the board we should be seriously looking at the law that establishes it and ask if we need it at all, if we do, we then enact democratic legislation that will ensure there is transparency and accountability in the appointment process and execution of duty, which conduct must be guided by the Constitution.
“For many years the Censorship Board has assumed the notorious character of a morality police as well as an unchecked gatekeeper who decides what content is right or wrong for Zimbabweans.
“They have banned some plays with political satire and films that reflect badly on the ruling elite all on flimsy grounds that they were not suitable for the majority of the people.
“And now that Chombo says the new board will extend its control tentacles to the social media, it's clear it's not about the contested moral righteousness but policing citizens' artistic freedoms, freedom of expression, generation and access to information online and offline,” said Ngwenya.
They added that Zimbabwe does not need another body or layer of repression under the guise of promoting morality; it needs democratic laws and institutions that will ensure constitutionalism goes beyond simply flaunting the Constitution.
Playwright and actor Slyvanos Mudzvova said this board has actually been put to silence mainly artists dealing with human rights-related artistic products.
“The board consists of people who have no experience in dealing with artistic products at all. Their agenda is so simple — ban anything that is critical to President Robert Mugabe and their regime.
“Serious artists will not submit anything to this board as a way of protest for its composition,” said Mudzvova.
Social commentator Rejoice Ngwenya said: “With the drastic modernisation of the creative industry (e-ntertainment, e-reading, the drone and virtual creations), it's surprising that Mugabe can appoint dinosaurs, drunken with conservative stupour, to preside over 21st Century creativity.
“It shows Mugabe views everything through the partisan prism, with an eye on 2018. What these human fossils do not know is that the IOT (internet of things) no longer allows political hoodlums clad in statutory censorship clothes to poison creativity.”
Theatre producer Mthabisi Phili believes any sinking man will catch at a straw. “They are catching at straws now; I think Zanu PF is strengthening its censorship and control muscle ahead of the upcoming elections.
“It's more of a political move than just the employment of people. The true colours that we are under a dictatorship are really coming out through the rampant nepotism and focus more on control than management of institutions.”
Phili added that the names stated on the board all seem to be pro Zanu PF or sympathisers of some sort. “The idea of getting Bona Chikore on the board and also their husband as the COO of Air Zimbabwe is definitely a show that the dictatorship or the ruling family is now very much alarmed.”
Nhimbe Trust executive director Josh Nyapimbi said in accordance with international standards and respecting the 2013 Constitution, “Zimbabwe should abolish the Censorship Act and any prior-censorship bodies or systems where they exist and use subsequent imposition of restrictions only when permitted under article 19 (3) and 20 of ICCPR. Such restrictions should be imposed exclusively by a court of law.”
Nyapimbi said the Censorship Board and other bodies censoring or regulating artistic expressions should be replaced with a classification board mandated to issue age recommendations to protect children.
“Instead we urge government to take measures, including training of police, to ensure the Criminal Law (Codification and Reform) Act and the Public Order and Security Act (Posa) are not abused by the police to limit artistic freedom of expression in violation of the 2013 Constitution and Zimbabwe's international obligations.”
An actor and playwright who refused to be named said the new Censorship Board has come as a great shock to artists. “With the emergence of social media and how we have been pushing work to millions of people across the globe you would think that a modern government will realise that it is no longer necessary to tell artists how to do their work and tell them what to say and not to say. Censor what really?”
They said people are already communicating via social media. “It is sad to see that some people are still scared of artists and divergent voices. The board is made up of old people that do not understand the modern communication patterns.
“The introduction of Bona Chikore baffles as they neither has the time nor the need for the job in a country with millions of unemployed youths.
“One is tempted to think that it's just a platform to create earnings for the inner circle because there is really no need for a censorship board in the 21st Century.”
Voluntary Media Council of Zimbabwe senior officer Faith Ndlovu said: “Already analysts have pointed out that the Constitution does not provide for a censorship board.
Having said that the problem is that the government has a propensity to limit, control and criminalise free expression so within that context it is difficult not to view the Censorship Board as another instrument to stifle free expression by the government.” Daily News
Getty Image
AMC has not always historically had the best relationship with its show creators. Back in 2011, the fifth season of Mad Men was delayed a year over a deepening contract dispute between AMC and Mad Men's creator, Matthew Weiner. Moreover, the co-creator and the original showrunner of The Walking Dead, Frank Darabont, has been in a legal dispute with the network for years over profit sharing, and the lawsuit has occasionally gotten very ugly.
The latest legal dispute involves the other co-creator of The Walking Dead, Robert Kirkman, as well as three other producers on the series, Gale Anne Hurd, Glen Mazzara (the showrunner from 2011-13) and David Alpert. Kirkman and Hurd are also suing over profit sharing on Fear the Walking Dead.
The dispute is similar to the one that AMC is having with Frank Darabont. Basically, Kirkman et. al, contend that they are not receiving their fair share of the profits from the top-rated series on cable. In a typical scenario, a network pays a license fee to a studio for the rights to broadcast the series, and the producers' share of the profits is based on the licensing fee number. In the case of The Walking Dead, they own the series themselves, so no license fee needs to be paid. AMC figures their own “imputed” license fee, of which the producers get a share. Kirkman and Co., argue that AMC is lowballing the number to avoid having to pay a larger sum to the producers.
The Friends of NRA, a nationwide non-profit organization will hold its annual Portsmouth Patriot Friends of NRA Banquet on February 10th at Holy Redeemer Activity Center, 1325 Gallia Street, Portsmouth, doors open at 5:30 with the event running from 6-9 pm. Ticket holders will enjoy an evening of dinner, live and silent auctions, games and more.
The Friends of NRA supporters, help both youth and adults throughout Ohio.
“The first half of the money we raise each year goes to fund the Hunter Safety program here in Ohio, so that youth and adults of all ages can learn for free how to hunt safely and humanely,” said Rebecca Clark, spokesperson for Portsmouth Patriot Friends of NRA. “The second half goes into grant funds. Our cut off for these funds is late October, groups start to apply for these grants as early as August 1st.”
Each January every committee sends representatives to the state wide grant meeting. During this state wide meeting, committee representatives can decide what applicants receive their individual funds.
“Locally in the past few years, the money we raised from our Annual Banquet, Gun Bash, Rarden White Deer Festival and various raffles; has helped the youth in southern Ohio,” Clark stated.
Many local youths have benefited from the grant funding.
“With the money we have raised, we have helped fund the 4H program in Adams and now expanded to the 4H program in Lawrence county. We have given our grant funds to Camp OYO, which enabled them to put up fencing around their shooting range, build a covered seating area for troops to wait their turn to shoot and shooting benches to shoot from. Secondly, our funds assisted in Camp OYO acquiring new rifles and bows for the scouts to use. We have also contributed to various organizations throughout our state; dealing with youth firearms safety, accommodating disabled veterans being able to hunt, JR ROTC, firearms safety programs in our schools and others that have applied for Friends of NRA grants,” said Clark.
Any organization that deals with firearms safety, safe shooting or firearms education, can visit the friendsofnra.org website, check the criteria and apply for our funding.
Clark welcomed businesses, individuals or office holders as sponsors at the upcoming banquet.
Underwriters donating money to be paid toward the purchase price of auction items and sponsors, will be recognized in the program for the night. Underwriters identity will be displayed by the product they have underwritten. Clark would very much appreciate your attendance, purchases, sponsoring and support and sends a thank you in advance.
Tickets are available online at friendsofnra.org, on Facebook (Portsmouth Patriot Friends of NRA) or call Rebecca Clark at Big Iron Guns 740-464-0852. All, but the cost of the meal, is tax deductible. Pre-paid event tickets and packages will be available at the doors the night of the event. If you are unable to attend, but would like to show your support, you can make check or money orders payable to: Portsmouth Patriot Friends of NRA. Mail your donation to: Rebecca Clark, Portsmouth Patriot Friends of NRA. PO Box 41, McDermott, Ohio, 45652.
For more information reach Rebecca Clark by email rebeccawithlsb@live.com, call or text 740-464-0852.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
PARRY SOUND — Treat-seekers rejoice! After a two-year hiatus, the Canteen down at Waubuno Beach will soon open its doors.
The good news though, doesn't come without some disappointment.
Because of construction on Prospect Street — the only entrance and exit to the beach — the Town of Parry Sound has had to put the annual Bobby Orr Hall of Fame Triathlon on hold.
However, staff decided to take those funds allocated to the event — $10,105 — and put them into opening the snack bar.
Community Living Parry Sound last operated the Canteen in 2014 as a work training site for its clients from 2006 though to 2014. The organization operated the facility rent-free.
“For the last two years the canteen has been vacant and it has gone out for request for proposals it has been advertised for the general public … for the past two consecutive years there's been no biters … this is why we're sitting here now,” said town parks and recreation manager April McNamara during the July 3 council meeting. “We want to try running it for a year to show the public that there is an opportunity for sales … hopefully we can get someone in there in the future.”
Coun. Jim Marshall asked if the triathlon would go ahead in 2019.
“It all depends on if Waubeek Street is under construction at that time, because we use Waubeek Street as a bike lane (for participants) to get out of town.”
The town doesn't make a lot of money from the business, McNamara said, it's open more as a service to the community and those that use the trails and beach.
The estimated cost of operation including staff wages, product resale and equipment is $8,700. The town expects to make about $5,250; the operating cost to taxpayers will be about $3,450.
Getty Image
The 2017-18 NBA season was one that no one in Cleveland will ever forget. That's not even because the Cavaliers ended up making it to the NBA Finals. Instead, it's because the team has been at the center of controversy — whether it was related to the roster, on-court performance, or off-court drama — throughout the course of the season.
But all of that was kind of put into context when head coach Tyronn Lue had to leave the team for a medical leave of absence. Sure, basketball is important, but watching the toll that being in the NBA can take on a human reminds you that some things are more important than basketball.
Lue ended up missing some time before returning to the team for their final four games of the regular season. But as Lue told Marc J. Spears of The Undefeated, they actually felt like they came back a little too early out of an obligation to their team.
When I came back I wasn't ready, but I knew I only had three more games to coach to get ready for the playoffs, so if I was gonna do it, I had to come back then. I don't think I was quite ready, but I came back. I wasn't gonna let those guys go through this: all the pressure, all the stuff that comes with the job. I wasn't gonna let those guys go through it without me. It wasn't fair to them. It wasn't fair to the players, so I knew I had to get back out there. I wasn't quite ready when I came back, but I feel great now.
Lue also told Spears that they felt like they were starting to feel really good during the team's final regular season game against the New York Knicks, and that he's changed up their diet to cut out sweets. Even if they did come back a little too soon, Lue saying they feel like he's in a good place now is, ultimately, the most important thing.
(Via The Undefeated)
Silicon Valley's commercial real estate market may finally be cooling after years of gains that culminated in tight vacancy rates and high asking rents in 2016. Though vacancy rates and asking rent prices in Silicon Valley aren't necessarily bad today, they're noticeably changed in the first quarter of 2017 from last year's numbers, according to research released Friday by Silicon Valley Institute for Regional Studies, a research and analysis arm of Joint Venture Silicon Valley.
If you've ever wondered why so many companies are making moves toward the cloud, the answer may surprise you: It's fear of missing out. According to recent report from Commvault and CITO Research, 81% of business leaders are embracing the cloud because they're concerned about missing out on cloud advancements.
So, just how many executives are making that move? According to the report, 93% of respondents said that at least some of their processes were being moved to the cloud. Additionally, 56% said that they had already moved, or intended to move, all of their processes to the cloud.
"The survey unequivocally confirms that Cloud FOMO is real and on the mind of C-level and other IT leaders who are grappling with bringing the value of this new frontier to their organizations, from increasing IT outcomes to being a strategic driver for increased business agility," Dan Woods, CTO of CITO Research, said in the release. "The research indicates the migration toward the cloud is underway in full force, even as companies struggle to understand cloud capabilities. Data protection and recovery was highlighted as a fundamental area where the cloud is having significant business impact."
SEE: Special report: The cloud v. data center decision (free PDF)
Don Foster, senior director of solutions marketing for Commvault, said in the report that cloud technologies are still seen as a key driver for digital transformation. As such, it makes sense that these business leaders would be concerned about getting to the cloud quickly.
The most important cloud projects cited by the respondents were data protection and backup, and data recovery, as noted by 75% of the respondents and 63% respectively.
However, there are some challenges holding these companies back from realizing their cloudy dreams. The sheer volume of data was cited by 68% of those surveyed as a key barrier, while 65% pointed to a struggle with skills and talent, and 55% said policies were the biggest barrier.
These business leaders are putting their money on the line, too. Some 87% plan on putting more money in their budget for cloud investments.
The reasons for why these respondents wanted to move to the cloud were varied. Of those surveyed, 33% noted that "customer focus through business agility" was their primary reason for moving to the cloud. Cost savings were the primary reason for 22% of respondents and 20% said "innovation and development of new apps, products and services" was the driving force behind their cloud journey.
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
Some 81% of business leaders said that they're moving to the cloud simply out of a fear of missing out on the tech advances provided by the technology, according to a report from Commvault. Of those questioned, 93% said they would be moving at least some of their processes to the cloud, while increasing their budget for it. Increasing agility and customer focus was the main reason for 33% of business leaders to make a move to the cloud.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Advertisement
Why Some Say the Eclipse Is Best Experienced in a Massive Crowd Image Two key elements to an exceptional eclipse experience, according to social psychologists are eye protection and a crowd. Students in Maywood, Ill. in 1963 with a form of solar glasses that have since gone out of style. Credit Francis Miller/The LIFE Picture Collection, via Getty Images
Right about now, maybe you're looking at your bank account and reports of unprecedented traffic and wondering why you thought it was a good idea to experience the eclipse in the particular spot you chose.
You felt original, planning to watch near a mountain of cars (Carhenge, near Alliance, Neb.) or along the moon's limb (Glendo, Wyo.). But then you saw that thousands of other people had the same idea.
Some are warning of a “zombie apocalypse,” as hordes of befuddled sky-gazers strain the resources of towns more accustomed to hosting pancake breakfasts than managing Coachella-size gatherings.
Don't worry. Here are four reasons human behavior researchers say that you made the right decision to experience the eclipse in a crowd — even if the portable toilets overflow.
Advertisement
Achieving Maximum Emotional Intensity
Why is it that excitement can feel so much more intense when we're in a group with others feeling the same emotion? Fergus Neville, a social psychologist at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland, believes this results from seeing our own emotions reflected in the faces of others around us, which validates our own experience and amplifies the intensity of our feelings.
Image Enthusiasm is contagious in the sense that seeing other people looking excited can increase the intensity of your own experience of excitement. If you are fortunate, you will end up standing next to people as expressive as these women, pictured watching the eclipse in 2015 from Nice, France. Credit Lionel Cironneau/Associated Press
Using a variety of tools, including surveys and heart rate measures, they have tried to assess this magnification process.
“I think that you can have the experience with small groups, but that the more people you see in your group who are sharing your experience, then the stronger the validation effect and thus the stronger the experience,” they said in an email.
Perhaps this is worth keeping in mind the day before the eclipse, as you drive around trying to find a store that hasn't yet sold out of water.
Connecting with Strangers
If you asked people, “What's missing in your life?,” it's unlikely that many would respond, “Emotional intimacy with strangers.”
But if you ask soccer fans what they like about watching a match with a crowd, Dr. Neville has found, intimacy turns out to be a favorite part of the experience.
Image Cairo was a prime location for eclipse viewing in March of 2006. Credit Mike Nelson/European Pressphoto Agency
Given the macho, aggressive reputation that some sports fans have, Dr. Neville said people are often surprised by that finding. What it hints at is something other researchers have found as well: Many of us who seem not to want to interact with strangers — actually do. We just don't know how to make it happen in normal life.
So why is it much easier to do in some crowds than others? The critical ingredient, researchers say, is a sense of shared social identity. That's something that is pretty much guaranteed in a field full of people in matching glasses, waiting for the moon to cover the sun— regardless of whether you hang out in the same kinds of places normally.
Image A group of nurses observing a solar eclipse in 1927. Behavior experts see value in viewing something profound with a large group, where emotions and reactions are shared. Credit Fox Photos,via Getty Images
Chris Cocking, a social psychologist at the University of Brighton, recalled standing amid a sea of friendly strangers during the total eclipse in their hometown, Cornwall, England, in 1999 . They were there to enjoy the spectacle, not to study the group, but it was clear to them that something special was transpiring as the shadow zoomed across the Atlantic.
“It gave you a sense of psychological connection,” they said. “It was amazing.”
No Need to Fear the Crowd
Many places in the path of totality — the approximately 70-mile-wide strip across America where the moon will obscure 100 percent of the sun — have never facilitated a crowd anywhere near as large as the those expected on Aug. 21. Reports of towns of 200 swelling to 20,000 and national parks surpassing visitor records can incite anxiety.
Image An eclipse-watching gathering in 2016 in Jakarta, Indonesia, a city very accustomed to massive crowds. Credit Dita Alangkara/Associated Press
Advertisement
This past weekend in Charlottesville was a tragic reminder of how group dynamics can go awry. But a crowd that gathers to protest something, researchers say, operates differently than a crowd that gathers to enjoy an experience. And in either case, more people don't necessarily translate into more danger.
“The fear of crowds flows from the idea that crowds are irrational and that they need to be controlled,” said Clifford Stott, a social psychologist at Keele University in Britain.
But a large body of research from the past decade, they said, has shown that “people don't panic — people self-regulate.”
That's not to say that local officials are off the hook. Helping ensures that there's sufficient water and emergency services requires planning. It's also crucial that even when authorities feel like their resources are strained, they continue to remind themselves that people are there for something positive and capable of responding to thoughtful communication.
Image Schoolchildren experiencing totality together in Accra, Ghana, in 2006. Research shows that the unpleasantness of a packed crowd shifts depending on how much we enjoy an experience. That's why standing shoulder-to-shoulder at a concert feels different when you like the artist. Credit Olivier Asselin/Associated Press
Yes, this may sound absurd, but the way a large group is perceived has been found to have an impact on how it's managed, which in turn affects how the people within it behave.
“Treating crowds as dangerous and antagonistic can be a self-fulfilling prophecy,” said Stephen Reicher, a social psychologist at the University of St. Andrews who has written extensively about crowd dynamics.
It's Like Nothing Else
Birds go silent . Spiders start dismantling their webs. What happens to the humans at totality?
“From a physiological point of view, if you took someone from bright sunlight and put them in a dark closet, the effects of just being in darkness could potentially be the same,” said Dr. Norman Rosenthal, a clinical professor of psychiatry at Georgetown University School of Medicine, who helped discovered seasonal affective disorde r, a dramatic example of the sun's impact on human behavior.
Image It's like a drug without drugs, people often say of an eclipse. A crowd gathered in Lyndhurst, Australia for the nature's free psychedelics in 2002. Credit David Gray/Reuters
But just because there's no research to show how we're affected beyond that, that doesn't mean we're not, they said.
Based on their own experience of totality in 1998, they said, “The adrenaline rush you get must be similar to parasailing or coming down in a parachute.”
And it's that feeling, amplified by the enthusiasm of strangers, that is inspiring them to travel to a hub of clogged wireless networks to experience it yet again.
Advertisement
Related: Wondering what kind of solar protection you should buy? Here are some reviews and our broader guide to safely watching the eclipse.
By MacDonald Dzirutwe | Reuters |
Zimbabwe's wildlife agency said on Tuesday it was investigating allegations that a South African national bribed officials to allow a Colorado-based tourist to take the ivory tusks of an elephant illegally shot in a Zimbabwe game park.
Their inquiry comes after U.S. prosecutors accused the South African, who was with a hunting party in Gonarezhou National Park in southern Zimbabwe, of paying up to $8,000 in bribes to Zimbabwean government officials to kill the elephant inside the park and to have the animal's ivory released.
“We are investigating the matter,” said Tinashe Farawo, spokesperson for the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority. They gave no further details.
A government official, who declined to be named because they were not authorised to speak to the media, said Zimbabwean authorities had contacted the South African but they were not forthcoming with information.
A statement by the U.S. Department of Justice in Colorado dated May 21 said the South African conspired with the unidentified Colorado hunter to export the tusks by falsely saying in official documents the hunter was a South African resident and that the elephant was shot outside Gonarezhou.
It is illegal under Zimbabwean law for hunters to shoot animals inside a state game park.
In 2015, a U.S. dentist touched off a global storm when they killed a rare black-maned lion named Cecil with a bow and arrow outside Hwange National Park in western Zimbabwe, forcing the United States to suspend importation of elephant trophies from Africa.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Addressing a deeply divided nation, President Donald Trump summoned the country to a "new American moment" of unity in their first State of the Union, challenging Congress to make good on long-standing promises to fix a fractured immigration system and warning darkly of evil forces seeking to undermine America's way of life.
Trump's address Tuesday night blended self-congratulation and calls for optimism amid a growing economy with ominous warnings about deadly gangs, the scourge of drugs and violent immigrants living in the United States illegally. They cast the debate over immigration — an issue that has long animated their most ardent supporters — as a battle between heroes and villains, leaning heavily on the personal stories of White House guests in the crowd. They praised a law enforcement agent who arrested more than 100 gang members, and they recognized the families of two alleged gang victims.
They also spoke forebodingly of catastrophic dangers from abroad, warning that North Korea would "very soon" threaten the United States with nuclear-tipped missiles.
"The United States is a compassionate nation. We are proud that we do more than any other country to help the needy, the struggling and the underprivileged all over the world," Trump said. "But as president of the United States, my highest loyalty, my greatest compassion, and my constant concern is for America's children, America's struggling workers and America's forgotten communities."
Trump addressed the nation with tensions running high on Capitol Hill. An impasse over immigration prompted a three-day government shutdown earlier this year, and lawmakers appear no closer to resolving the status of the "Dreamers" — young people living in the U.S. illegally ahead of a new Feb. 8 deadline for funding operations. The parties have also clashed this week over the plans of Republicans on the House intelligence committee to release a classified memo on the Russia investigation involving Trump's presidential campaign — a decision the White House backs but the Justice Department is fighting.
The controversies that have dogged Trump — and the ones they have created— have overshadowed strong economic gains during their first year in office. Their approval ratings have hovered in the 30s for much of their presidency, and just 3 in 10 Americans said the United States was heading in the right direction, according to a poll by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. In the same survey, 67 percent of Americans said the country was more divided because of Trump.
At times, Trump's address appeared to be aimed more at validating their first year in office than setting the course for their second. They devoted significant time to touting the tax overhaul they signed at the end of last year, promising the plan will "provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small businesses." They also highlighted the decision made early in their first year to withdraw the U.S. from a sweeping Asia-Pacific trade pact, declaring: "The era of economic surrender is totally over."
They spoke about potential agenda items for 2018 in broad terms, including a call for $1.5 trillion in new infrastructure spending and partnerships with states and the private sector. They touched only briefly on issues like health care that have been at the center of the Republican Party's policy agenda for years.
Tackling the sensitive immigration debate that has roiled Washington, Trump redoubled their recent pledge to offer a path to citizenship for 1.8 million young immigrants — but only as part of a package that would also require increased funding for border security, including a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, ending the nation's visa lottery method and revamping the current legal immigration system. Some Republicans are wary of the hardline elements of Trump's plan and it's unclear whether their blueprint could pass Congress.
"Americans are dreamers too," Trump said, in an apparent effort to reclaim the term used to describe the young immigrants in the U.S. illegally.
A former New York Democrat, the president also played to the culture wars that have long illuminated American politics, alluding to their public spat with professional athletes who led protests against racial injustice by kneeling during the national anthem, declaring that paying tribute to the flag is a "civic duty."
Republicans led multiple rounds of enthusiastic applause during the speech, but for the opposition party it was a more somber affair. Democrats provided a short spurt of polite applause for Trump as they entered the chamber, but offered muted reactions throughout the speech. A cluster of about two dozen Democrats, including members of the Congressional Black Caucus, remained planted firmly in their seats, staring sternly at the president and withholding applause.
After devastating defeats in 2016, Democrats are hopeful that Trump's sagging popularity can help the party rebound in November's midterm elections. In a post-speech rebuttal, Massachusetts Rep. Joe Kennedy, the grandson of Robert F. Kennedy, was seeking to undercut Trump's optimistic tone and remind voters of the personal insults and attacks often leveled by the president.
"Bullies may land a punch," Kennedy said. "They might leave a mark. But they have never, not once, in the history of our United States, managed to match the strength and spirit of a people united in defense of their future."
The arc of Trump's 80-minute speech featured the personal stories of men and women who joined first lady Melania Trump in the audience. The guests included a New Mexico police officer and their wife who adopted a baby from parents who suffered from opioid addiction, and Ji Seong-ho, a defector from North Korea and outspoken critic of the Kim Jong-un government.
On international affairs, Trump warned of the dangers from "rogue regimes," like Iran and North Korea, terrorist groups, like the Islamic State, and "rivals" like China and Russia "that challenge our interests, our economy and our values." Calling on Congress to lift budgetary caps and boost spending on the military, Trump said that "unmatched power is the surest means of our defense."
Trump's biggest foreign policy announcement of the night concerned the Guantanamo Bay detention center, which former President Barack Obama tried but failed to close. Reversing Obama's policy, Trump said he'd signed an executive order Tuesday directing the Pentagon to keep the prison open while re-examining the military's policy on detention.
Trump said they were also asking Congress to ensure the U.S. had needed powers to detain Islamic State group members and other "terrorists wherever we chase them down," though it was unclear whether they were referring to a new war powers authorization or some other mechanism. Trump also said they wanted Congress to pass a law ensuring U.S. foreign aid goes only "to America's friends" — a reference to their frustration at U.S. aid recipients that voted at the U.N. to rebuke their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Mrs. Trump arrived at the Capitol ahead of their husband to attend a reception with guests of the White House, but they rode back to the White House with him. It was the first time they were seen publicly with the president following a report that their lawyer arranged a payment to a porn star, Stormy Daniels, to prevent them from talking about an alleged affair. Daniels denied the affair in a new statement released hours before the speech.
___
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Zeke Miller at http://twitter.com/zekejmiller
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull may be watching a bit too much "Saturday Night Live," after they were recorded making fun of U.S. President Donald Trump in an event with journalists that was meant to be off the record, according to Nine News.
"The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls," said Turnbull, impersonating Trump in footage that was leaked to Nine's political editor Laurie Oakes, who did not attend the event and therefore felt no need to adhere to its traditional confidentiality.
skip - Turnbull
There's a political drama unfolding, over the leaking of a speech by Malcolm Turnbull, mocking Donald Trump. A @LaurieOakes EXCLUSIVE #9News pic.twitter.com/U6WrfdueNO — Nine News Australia (@9NewsAUS) June 15, 2017
"We are winning so much, we are winning, we are winning like we have never won before," Turnbull said, channeling you-know-who.
Turnbull's most-laughed-at jab came when they alluded to the investigation into Trump's connections to Russia. "I have this Russian guy ... believe me, it's true, it is true," said the prime minister, continuing their impersonation but minus an American accent.
President Trump's first interactions with Turnbull were less than friendly, following a January phone call Trump said "was the worst call by far," from among conversations with four other world leaders.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
The U.S. president was highly critical of a deal between Australia and the Obama administration that would see the Americans accept hundreds of refugees interned on Australia's Nauru and Manus islands.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE - This combination of March 29, 2017, file photos shows Bridget Kelly, left, and Bill Baroni leaving federal court after sentencing in Newark, N.J. Attorneys for Kelly and Baroni are scheduled to argue in court, Tues...
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The tales of political vendettas and back-room machinations that animated the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal were replaced Tuesday with comparatively dry legal arguments as two former associates of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie argued before a federal appeals court to have their convictions overturned.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly acknowledged that even if the motivation for realigning the lanes at the bridge, causing traffic jams in the town of Fort Lee was to punish its mayor for not endorsing Christie, that wasn't a crime under federal law. The lanes still were being used for a public purpose and not to benefit either defendant, the attorneys argued.
Their conduct may have been "bad, wrongful and unjustifiable," Baroni's attorney Michael Levy told the judges, but "that is not the standard for a federal crime. This was bad conduct in search of a criminal theory on how to prosecute it."
The massive gridlock over four days and part of a fifth in September 2013 mushroomed into a scandal that dragged down Christie's presidential aspirations and, Christie later conceded, played a role in then-Republican nominee Donald Trump's decision not to name them as their running mate.
Baroni was deputy executive director at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge, and Kelly was Christie's deputy chief of staff. Baroni received a 24-month sentence last year; Kelly was sentenced to 18 months. They've been free pending their appeals.
Yaakov Roth, representing Kelly, said Tuesday even though the pair's conduct "wasn't a model of public service," they received no personal benefit from realigning the lanes. Roth likened it to the difference between a mayor authorizing the filling of potholes on the street of a political ally instead of doing the same on the street of a political foe. Criminalizing that behavior would criminalize most political behavior, they implied.
"If the difference between lawful and unlawful use of property turns solely on what's in the person's head, then this statute has astounding breadth," they said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Bruce Keller, arguing for the government, countered that the example showed bad motives but no fraud, because the mayor had the power to authorize the work "without having to lie to colleagues" as Baroni did to subordinates.
That touched on another point of contention: whether Baroni had the authority to realign the lanes on their own, since the law specifies the unauthorized use of the property
"In this case, it was unauthorized and unjustified because it was accomplished by fraud," Keller said.
The two sides also clashed over whether there is a right to intrastate travel, a key component of two civil rights charges on which both Kelly and Baroni were convicted.
Christie wasn't charged and denied knowing about the plot until months later, but the negative publicity from the scandal torpedoed their presidential aspirations in the 2016 GOP primary. Their account of when they knew about the scheme was contradicted during the fall 2016 trial by Kelly, Baroni and others.
Former Port Authority official David Wildstein, a former political operative and high school acquaintance of Christie's, pleaded guilty and testified that they concocted the revenge plot and that Baroni and Kelly willingly went along. Wildstein was the recipient of Kelly's infamous "Time for traffic problems in Fort Lee" email a month before the traffic jams.
Wildstein was sentenced to probation and now publishes a news website focusing on New Jersey politics from their home in Florida.
Christie, now a political analyst for ABC, said last year they were "incensed" by their conduct and characterized as "ridiculous" the idea that they would have endorsed it.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For the first time in two years online streaming giant, Netflix, has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers.
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99, however, standard and premium membership prices are set to rise.
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month, and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users.
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service, which currently has 104 million subscribers globally, will also be raising rates for the US, France and Germany this year.
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes:
“From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster.”
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $6 billion for new productions.
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content.
Chitral — District Bar Association announced boycott of court proceedings until a staff of the judiciary namely Islamuddin was suspended and inquiry against them ordered. The accused person had manhandled a lawyer Altaf Gohar Advocate within the court premises which aroused the wrath of the lawyer community. The resolution of the District Bar Association headed by Sajidullah Advocate demanded suspension and trial of the accused person. — GH Farooqui, 12 Jun 2017
Related
DETROIT — Campaign season is about to begin, on both sides of the Pacific.
Major league baseball released the All-Star ballot on Wednesday, with voting beginning on MLB's official websites at 9 a.m. PT on Friday.
Mike Trout, who is perhaps having their best season, is a lock to be voted in by fans as a starter. It would be their seventh All-Star Game in seven full seasons, although they were injured and didn't attend last year.
The two most intriguing Angels on the ballot, though, are Shohei Ohtani and Andrelton Simmons.
Ohtani is listed as a designated hitter because pitchers are not on the ballot. They are selected by the player vote, with major league baseball then filling out the last few spots.
At least two players from each position, and at least six outfielders, will make the team, with starters voted by fans and one backup from the player vote.
Of the players on the DH ballot, J.D. Martinez (.322 with a major-league best 18 homers) is clearly having the best offensive season. Ohtani (.291 with six homers and a .929 OPS) has arguably been the second best.
Ohtani's main competition will probably come from Giancarlo Stanton, who is on the ballot as a DH. Stanton was hitting .246 with 11 homers and an .800 OPS heading into Wednesday's game.  They are also a New York Yankee, which means they will garner votes from their considerable fan base.
Although the players won't consider Stanton's Yankee uniform, they might put value on the fact that they play every day, while Ohtani splits their time between hitting and pitching.
It's also possible that Ohtani could make the team as a pitcher. It's even possible they could do both.
“He's a special player,” Manager Mike Scioscia said. “There is no doubt he's contributing to our team at a high level. The way the All-Star team is picked, it's kind of a little spotty. Sometimes you can't tell. I know it would be a great honor. A lot of guys on our team are having great years and certainly, Shohei is one of them.”
As for Simmons, they have been having a career season, hitting .337 with an .885 OPS prior to Wednesday's game, along with Gold Glove defense.
Manny Machado was hitting .322 with 15 homers, 44 RBIs and a .994 OPS. Francisco Lindor (.298, 12 homers, .915 OPS) and Carlos Correa (.267, eight homers, .812 OPS) will also figure into the competition.
“There are a lot of good shortstops in the American League,” Simmons said. “I can only do what I can do. I'm glad it's a thought in people's minds, but whatever comes my way I'll be happy. Four days off sound great also. It's a win-win if I do make it or don't.”
ALSO
A day after Matt Shoemaker underwent forearm surgery, Scioscia said they feel encouraged that there was some clarity to their injury. “They went in and found something they feel was the cause of what they were feeling, which is a positive,” Scioscia said. “It's not an enigma anymore. As far as when he's going to be back, we're going to have to play it by ear. The medical staff will outline a couple things and we'll see how it feels.” General Manager Billy Eppler said Shoemaker is expected to begin a throwing progression in six weeks, so there's a chance they will pitch again this season. … Zack Cozart was a late scratch from the lineup because of left forearm tightness. There was no immediate word on the severity.
UP NEXT
Angels (Andrew Heaney, 2-3, 3.09) at Tigers (Ryan Carpenter, 3-2, 3.90), Thursday, 10 a.m., Fox Sports West, KLAA (830 AM)
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
"This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy," said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
"I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
"You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others," said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
"I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here," Nunes said. "You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media."
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter, saying merely that they "inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador."
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. "No, absolutely not," Spicer said.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Erica Werner, Richard Lardner, Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Officers responding to a report of a suspicious person armed with a gun have shot and killed a man at a downtown San Antonio hotel.
Bike patrol and other officers encountered the man early Tuesday on the seventh floor of an Embassy suite.
Lt. Ricky Lopez told the San Antonio Express-News that officers confronted the man and the situation escalated, resulting in officers firing on the man. It's not clear what happened to prompt police to shoot, and authorities have not said whether the man was in fact armed.
The investigation into the matter continues.
The incident drew a heavy police presence downtown, with some blocks closed to traffic.
No other details have been made available.
Clearfield, Inc. (NASDAQ CLFD), the specialist in fiber management for communication service providers, today announced that its fiber termination process used to manufacture Clearfield LC UPC 900 m 1.6 mm and 2.0 mm jumpers and fiber assemblies have been tested by an independent test lab compliant to the Telcordia, GR 326 Core requirements. With the Telcordia GR 326 achievement, Clearfield now provides maximum assurance for the Tier 1 telecommunications market that requires the highest standards for manufacturing processes, procedures and quality components.
As major service providers seek to provide higher density in their networks with a smaller form factor connector, many opt to use LC/UPC jumpers and fiber assemblies in an Outside Plant (OSP) environment. The Clearfield LC/UPC connectors surpassed rigorous testing to meet a myriad of environmental, handling, use and mechanical functions to survive the stresses in the OSP environment.
"Successfully securing the certifications required to meet the needs of national carriers and cable operators is a sign that our strategy and execution is working," said Cheri Beranek, Clearfield president and CEO. "It is yet another sign that we are well-positioned to build the infrastructure needed for Internet of Things device connectivity, 5G and our fiber-driven future."
About Clearfield, Inc.
Clearfield, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLFD) designs, manufactures and distributes fiber optic management, protection and delivery products for communications networks. Our "fiber to the anywhere" platform serves the unique requirements of leading incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECS), competitive local exchange carriers (CLECs), Wireless operators, and MSO/cable TV companies, while also catering to the broadband needs of the utility/municipality, enterprise, data center and military markets. Headquartered in Minneapolis, MN, Clearfield deploys more than a million fiber ports each year. For more information, visit www.SeeClearfield.com.
(Cooke County Jail via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cooke County (Texas) Jail shows Shannon Hoaglen. Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department (TJJD) facilities, have been...
(Cooke County Jail via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cooke County (Texas) Jail shows Derrick Goodman. Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department (TJJD) facilities, have been...
(Cooke County Jail via AP). This undated photo provided by the Cooke County (Texas) Jail shows Derrick Day. Texas authorities say four current and former employees of the state's troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department (TJJD) facilities, have been a...
By PAUL J. WEBER
Associated Press
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - A Texas youth prison guard asked a teenage inmate if they were "ready to go to sleep" as they and another guard choked them until they lost consciousness, according to prosecutors.
Authorities on Thursday arrested four guards at state-run juvenile lockups on charges of official oppression, including one who works at a Brown County facility and three who work at one in Gainsville, including the two accused of allegedly choking out a teen and a third accused of allegedly punching one in the face, tackling them and then pummeling their head and body.
The arrests are part of a state investigation into the troubled Texas Juvenile Justice Department. Since last year, at least nine state juvenile correctional officers have been arrested on abuse or misconduct charges and another was convicted in July on charges of having sex with youth in custody.
The unfolding crisis led Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to replace the agency's top leaders and independent ombudsman. They also launched a state investigation into the juvenile system that houses about 1,400 youth offenders, which was drastically downsized and overhauled in 2007 following a sex abuse scandal involving guards and teenagers.
"There is no room among us for those who dishonor themselves and violate the public trust. These arrests improve the safety of the youth we serve," said Camille Cain, the new executive director over the Texas juvenile detention system.
Court documents filed in Cooke County on Friday accuse correctional officers Shannon Hoaglen, 41, and Derrick Day, 39, of moving to restrain a teenager due to a "rule violation" and holding them to the ground until they could "not talk, breath or move until they became unconscious; waking up dazed, confused." The documents do not give the teen's age or specify what rule they had broken. Youths in the Texas system age out at 19.
Another correctional officer allegedly told investigators that Day lay down on the teenager and asked them "Are you ready to go sleep?" They then counted until the teen stopped moving.
"In the surveillance video, it is obvious, based on the sudden stop in movement by the Youth, that the Youth had lost consciousness during this restraint," according to an affidavit signed by Sgt. Jacob Richardson, who works in the agency's inspector general office.
Cooke County Jail records on Friday did not list Hoaglen and Day as still in custody, and a court clerk did not know whether they had been arraigned or entered pleas. It was not clear whether either had an attorney, and no working phone numbers could be found for Hoaglen or Day.
Derrick Goodman, 56, who allegedly punched the other juvenile in custody, said they had no comment when reached by phone Friday.
According to court documents obtained by The Associated Press on Thursday, Morsello Hooker, 31, was arrested in Brown County and charged with official oppression related to allegations they picked up a 15-year-old who was lying on their back and slammed them on the ground. The Department of Public Safety said a fifth department employee was facing criminal charges in the investigation, but was at large.
In 2007, Texas lawmakers shuttered lockups across the state after authorities believed at least 13 boys in custody had been sexually abused. Five juvenile lockups remain today but are spread out in rural areas, which juvenile advocates say has made finding and retaining qualified officers difficult.
___
Associated Press Writer Claudia Lauer in Dallas contributed to this report.
___
Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter: https://twitter.com/pauljweber
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ishq Mein Marjawan, 19 March 2018, full episode LIVE written update: Virat accuses Tara (Arohi) of sending them to the jail and demands an explanation for the same. Arohi counter-accuses Virat of trying to set them on fire on the day of Holi. This leads to a fight between Deep and Virat. Roma comes to mediate between them. Deep refrains from telling Roma the truth and tries to cover up for Virat. Deep has a sweet romantic surprise for Tara for hurting them before.
In the previous episode of Ishq Mein Marjawan, Tara is released from captivity in a shocking turn of events. They try to meet Deep pretending in Arohi. Arohi plans to use Tara to discard every shred of doubt that Deep has regarding them and also to retrieve information about Niku's location. Read on below to find out what happens in tonight's episode of Ishq Mein Marjawan.
7:30-34 PM: The episode begins with a tussle between Tara and Arohi. Chawanni and their group come and drug Tara and they lose consciousness. Arohi makes an excuse about their mood swings and Deep tells them that they should go to the doctor. Arohi asks Deep if they told Roma and Virat about Arohi.
7:36-40 PM: Virat accuses Tara (Arohi) of sending them to the jail and demands an explanation for the same. Arohi counter-accuses Virat of trying to set them on fire on the day of Holi. This leads to a fight between Deep and Virat. Roma comes to mediate between them. Deep refrains from telling Roma the truth and tries to cover up for Virat.
7:43-52 PM: Deep has a sweet romantic surprise for Tara for hurting them before. They bring clothes and prepares a room for their child. Arohi is touched to see this. Roma calls Deep and Arohi in the middle of the night and tell them that they have done an inauspicious thing because for the three months pregnancy shouldn't be revealed.
7:56-59 PM: Deep tells Roma that they will do anything to impress them Roma playfully tells them that they should annoy their husband sometimes. Arohi thinks to themselves that they are there to only ruin their lives.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Police are investigating after the few worldly belongings of a homeless man were set ablaze in a deliberate arson attack.
Emergency services were called at around 8.50pm on Saturday, April 21, to the fire under a bridge off Parsons Close Recreation Ground in Leighton Buzzard.
They found the makeshift camp on fire. Items including a tent and bedding, as well as personal pictures and mementos, are understood to have all been destroyed in the blaze.
Bedfordshire Police are treating the incident as an arson attack.
Paul Latimer, of Leighton Linslade Homeless Service, said the authorities were aware of the man's condition, with a meeting held yesterday to discuss their care needs.
Mr Latimer said: “He has been there for some time now. We had a charity feed them with takeout meals when they come to the service.
“All services are aware of them and are trying to get them to engage, without success I'm led to believe.”
It is understood that the man has since been given new belongings.
Disgust over the arson attack has been shared on social media, with one user blasting those responsible as “absolute scum”.
A Beds Fire and Rescue spokesperson said: “We received a call at 8.52 pm on Saturday to a fire under the bridge in the area of Parsons Close.
“It was a small fire and crews used one jet and a thermal imaging camera to extinguish it.”
Walk MS: Baton Rouge will continue as planned despite the expanded road closures from the City of Baton Rouge. The Walk MS team will be making minor adjustments to the layout to accommodate the new road closure, but this will not change the Walk MS event.
RELATED: Events moved due to repairs on downtown library
Walk MS, an awareness event and fundraiser for people affected by multiple sclerosis, is scheduled for Saturday, April 28 at North Boulevard Town Square. However, because of the road closure, the event will not be on the Town Lawn. Instead, all festivities will be located on North Boulevard and 4th Street.
WALK MS: BATON ROUGE
Saturday, April 28
8 a.m. to 1 p.m.
North Boulevard and 4th Street
You can register online as a walker for free, or as a virtual walker with a main goal of raising money for MS. It's also free to volunteer for Walk MS.
If you have questions about Walk MS, email the National MS Society Fundraising Support Center, or call 1-855-372-1331.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Golden jubilee year for Catholic Charismatic Renewal Jeannie Ewing Freelance Writer
One of the beautiful aspects of the Catholic faith is its many forms of spiritual expressions, which appeal to different personalities, generations, families and cultures. Some enjoy the richness of the Latin liturgy. Others enjoy large parishes with contemporary music and phenomenal homilies. Still others prefer quiet, rural churches where they know the pastor well and sing familiar, traditional hymns.
As each person is created with distinct personalities and gifts, so, too, are different expressions of worship within the Church a fulfillment of 1 Corinthians 12:12: that we are many parts, but one body in Christ.
One such expression of faith is the Catholic Charismatic Renewal, the origins of which are nestled in the history of the University of Notre Dame. Unlike specific movements, which were begun with intentionality by people who had a particular vision for beginning something new, the Catholic Charismatic Renewal (also known as CCR, or “the Renewal”) was started unintentionally, or rather, providentially.
Jill Boughton, a member of the Renewal since its infancy, said, “Beginning around the turn of the 20th century, Christians read the Acts of the Apostles and wanted to encounter the Holy Spirit in a similar way to how the early Apostles did: in a personal, intimate way.” In 1967, a group of Catholic students and professors at Duquesne attended a Cursillo retreat and read the book, “The Cross and the Switchblade,” which inspired them to learn more about the gifts and movements of the Holy Spirit.
What wasn't expected, however, were the ways in which the Holy Spirit became manifest. Boughton explained: “There is often an emotional dimension to this ‘spiritual baptism,' but not always. It's a strong sense that Jesus is right there with you and in you. Sometimes it's a healing of memories. For others, it's speaking in tongues or interpreting tongues. And for some, Scripture comes alive and is very personally addressed to them.”
Essentially, members of the Renewal understand that their encounter with the Holy Spirit is an enlivening of the gifts they received at Baptism and that were increased in them at Confirmation. Many believe that the expression of the gifts of the Holy Spirit they have been given is a form of spiritual maturity and a depth of understanding how God wants each of them to use their gifts for the good of others and Their glory.
Today, members of the Renewal participate in charismatic prayer groups, which often follow a celebration of the Mass. Boughton, in fact, attributes their conversion to Catholicism to exposure to the Renewal, and its connection to the sacrifice of the Mass, in the early 1970s. “I came to Notre Dame in 1970 to teach and very quickly stumbled upon CCR,” they said. “At that point, I was a Lutheran, so I had evangelical roots. But the group I stumbled into was very centered around daily Mass in the dorms. I was puzzled by the fact that these people prayed and spoke very similarly to my evangelical friends but also had a strong devotion to Our Lady and believed in the real presence of Jesus in the Eucharist.”
Some, like Boughton, may have been taught incorrectly about Catholicism during the tumultuous eras of the 60s and 70s, but many have come into the fullness of the faith by way of the Renewal. It is a particular Pentecostal, evangelical style of worship that appeals to many Protestants, some of whom erroneously believe that all Catholics are very private and stoic in their prayers.
Despite skepticism about the movement, CCR has been affirmed by four pontiffs, including Blessed Paul VI, St. John Paul II, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, and Pope Francis. In fact, Pope Francis invited members of the Renewal to a Golden Jubilee celebration this past spring, aptly concluding with a Pentecost Mass on June 4.
Two South Bend members of the Renewal, John and Betsie Pendarvis, were able to attend the Golden Jubilee, held in the Circus Maximus in Rome. The couple's Renewal roots began to grow in Fort Worth, Texas, during the 70s and 80s, when they met in college. “The Renewal grew during those times, so many parishes in the Diocese of Fort Worth had CCR prayer groups,” John said. “We knew that our role in the Renewal wasn't just to promote the charismatic form of prayer, but to serve the Church.”
After becoming involved in the Renewal during their young adult years, the Pendarvises saw the good fruits of those involved in CCR. They, among others in their prayer group, were involved in organizing diocesan conferences, retreats and seminars. They recorded a music album. Some became leaders in the Right to Life movement. Others became directors of religious education, music and liturgy directors in their parish, and even the editor of a diocesan newspaper.
The Pendarvises saw the Catholic Charismatic Renewal as “a great grace.” These are comparable words to Pope Francis's description of the Renewal, on which they elaborated at the conclusion of the Golden Jubilee celebration. John noted, “He sees it as a ‘current of grace' that the Lord has gifted the Church at this particular time.”
“I've worked in the Church for many years. Hearing Pope Francis speak to us in terms of acknowledging and encouraging the Renewal — the release of the Holy Spirit in a new way — is, and should be, normative. This should be what every Catholic asks for and longs for. Pope Francis wants a Life in the Spirit seminar in every seminary, every parish, every diocese, because it's something all Catholics should know about,” Betsie added.
Both John and Betsie were very touched by their experience in Rome. John shared that, as they heard Pope Francis address the crowd of over 50,000 people, they were moved in a surprising but powerful way. “Sometimes you're not sure if what you are doing for the Church is valued,” they said. “There are times your faith is tested. For Pope Francis to say, ‘thank you for what you've done for the Church' was such a consolation.”
Both the Pendarvises and Boughton agree that what they've learned through their involvement in the Renewal is the greatest treasure we all have is Jesus. “Jesus is who we encounter and serve through the many ministries in the Church,” concluded John. “Indeed, we are all many parts, but one body in Christ.”
* * *
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania's top court has told the president to fire the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side of some politicians.
The constitutional court ruled Wednesday in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do their job properly.
Kovesi's departure would be a blow to the agency, respected by ordinary Romanians, the EU and the U.S. The court will explain its ruling later.
Justice Minister Tudorel Toader praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
Improvements along the walking trail at Krodel Park have finally started. Pictured are workers with Kanawha Stone earlier this week. The workers began work at the launch ramp and are working their way around the trail which will be widened and paved with asphalt. The estimated time for completion is four to five weeks, depending on weather conditions. The project was 100 percent grant funded with no expense to the City of Point Pleasant or residents of Mason County. Locally, the Robert and Louise Claflin Foundation contributed grant funds to the improvement project.
Improvements along the walking trail at Krodel Park have finally started. Pictured are workers with Kanawha Stone earlier this week. The workers began work at the launch ramp and are working their way around the trail which will be widened and paved with asphalt. The estimated time for completion is four to five weeks, depending on weather conditions. The project was 100 percent grant funded with no expense to the City of Point Pleasant or residents of Mason County. Locally, the Robert and Louise Claflin Foundation contributed grant funds to the improvement project. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/05/web1_5.30-Walking-Trail.jpg Improvements along the walking trail at Krodel Park have finally started. Pictured are workers with Kanawha Stone earlier this week. The workers began work at the launch ramp and are working their way around the trail which will be widened and paved with asphalt. The estimated time for completion is four to five weeks, depending on weather conditions. The project was 100 percent grant funded with no expense to the City of Point Pleasant or residents of Mason County. Locally, the Robert and Louise Claflin Foundation contributed grant funds to the improvement project. Beth Sergent | Register
The week was in almost all respects the worst of all worlds for Mrs. May and the beleaguered Tories. As the pound sterling sank amid the political chaos and increasingly downbeat economic news, Mrs. May's desperate political weakness risked undermining their credibility as a negotiating partner.
“In the European Union they are looking at this in an incredulous way, wondering how they are managing to go so deep into chaos,” said Ulrike Franke, a policy fellow in Berlin for the European Council on Foreign Relations, a research institute, adding that Britain's political problems would be amusing if they were not so serious.
The continental news media, too, have noticed that the British government is falling apart. Germany's Bild newspaper described Mrs. May as a “laughingstock,” headlining another article: “Brexit-Lady gone by Christmas?”
The more cerebral Süddeutsche Zeitung noted that Mrs. May “was damaged and they will stay so until they fail, gives up or someone dares to come out of the wood,” adding: “This moment may come soon.”
Mrs. May had intended to use their party conference speech to relaunch their leadership after they gambled by calling an early general election in June, and lost both their parliamentary majority and their personal authority.
At the election Mrs. May asked voters to endorse their “strong and stable leadership” and — that slogan having turned speedily into a bad joke — on Friday they offered “calm” leadership as they insisted they were staying in Downing Street.
The mood in their party is anything but calm, however, and on Friday cabinet ministers moved to shore up the prime minister. Those doing so included the environment secretary, Michael Gove, whose track record for loyalty has been spotty to put it mildly. (Mr. Gove was described as a “political serial killer” last year after breaking first with the previous prime minister, David Cameron, a friend, and then with their pro-Brexit ally Boris Johnson.)
Photo
The cabinet is divided between those who want a clean break with the European Union — so-called hard Brexit — and those who hope for a softer departure to cushion the economy. When a consensus started to emerge from the cabinet, ahead of a speech last month by Mrs. May in Florence, Mr. Johnson, the foreign secretary, undermined it by outlining their own, more hard-line and upbeat vision of Brexit in a 4,000-word article.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mrs. May's supporters believe that they can stay in power until March 2019, when Britain quits.
They point out that a leadership contest before then would risk reigniting a public fight over Europe, and would raise pressure to hold a general election, which the Conservatives might lose to a resurgent, left-wing opposition Labour Party.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It would also take weeks out of the tight timetable to negotiate Brexit, and the idea that those talks could be paused to allow the Conservatives to resolve their leadership crisis is dismissed by analysts, including Ms. Franke, who described it as neither legally nor politically plausible.
The Florence speech appeared to give some new momentum to the talks, but so volatile is the situation in London that continental Europeans are wondering how much longer they will be dealing with Mrs. May. Even if survives, they fear they may be unable to deliver on any agreement they strike.
Joachim Fritz-Vannahme, director of the Europe program at the Bertelsmann Foundation, a research institute based in Germany, believes that the European Union's chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, is sitting back, waiting for the Conservative government to implode.
“Why should they start to shape some better progress in the negotiation, at a crucial moment, when you have May's leadership put into question, and the little blonde pirate buccaneering about?” asked Mr. Fritz-Vannahme, referring, colorfully, to Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Fritz-Vannahme believes that the focus of attention in Berlin is less on helping to broker a deal with Britain than on renewing Germany's ties with France. That is part of a larger push to stabilize the European Union after its own euro and immigration crises and following the shock of Brexit and the growing separatist problems in Catalonia.
In London, the problem for those plotting against Mrs. May is that, so far, they have neither the numbers to force a contest nor a credible alternative candidate. For some, the ideal scenario would be the coronation of a successor by party bigwigs, without a bloody leadership contest. But there is no obvious figure to crown.
Mr. Johnson, for one, would be unlikely to acquiesce in the appointment of a consensus candidate unless the candidate were him. And there seems little chance of that: The foreign secretary has long been unpopular with many of their colleagues in Parliament, and their recent behavior has only made matters worse.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Yet, all the time, the Conservative Party is taking a political battering, and keeping Mrs. May might not work either.
At some point soon, providing they stay in the job, they will have to decide what type of Brexit deal they will seek. But that, unless they are willing to risk significant short-term economic damage that a hard Brexit would almost certainly entail, will involve upsetting their most ardent Brexit supporters.
“Such an outcome will be difficult for hard-line Brexiteers to stomach and will inevitably provoke speculation that Johnson will resign,” wrote Mujtaba Rahman, managing director for Europe at the risk consultancy Eurasia Group, in an analysis.
“May will also have trouble selling such a deal to about 60 Tory MPs,” they added, referring to Conservative members of Parliament, noting that confronted with a deal of that sort, they might deploy the nuclear option of “calling a vote of confidence in their premiership.”
Tijuana Flat's:
This restaurant is the most Americanized of the five I reviewed. The food is less traditional and, instead, incorporates more recognizable Tex-Mex flavors. Probably the best thing here is that they have a great mural on the wall of the deacon shooting lightning out of their cane. The restaurant also incorporates a hot sauce bar for customers that enjoy spicier foods. However, the food is nothing to get too excited about; it's a chain, so the flavors are not as genuine. Some menu options include the burrito bowl, nachos and quesadillas.
Rating …………………………………………… B-
Tequila:
Tequila is a place that tries to be a genuine Mexican restaurant. The interior looks similar to many other Mexican restaurants and the food is presented very traditionally. However, the problem is that the food just does not deliver; the meat is extremely dry and flavorless. Many of the other ingredients didn't impress at all. Although people may go here to experience a genuine Mexican restaurant, the food ultimately does not deliver in authentic tastes and flavors.
Rating …………………………………………… B-
Taco Riendo 3:
Yes, the best Mexican restaurant in Winston-Salem is located in a gas station. It seems sketchy at first from the outside, but once inside I immediately felt like I was somewhere in south Texas. There is a t.v. in the corner playing Mexican music videos. Everything was completely authentic. Not only do they have items like “tongue” on the menu, but they even have Mexican sodas like Jarritos that are hard to find.
The food for its value is excellent. The ingredients are good and they make everything the right way. Dishes include traditional tacos, gorditas and enchiladas that are filled with flavorful carne asada. One of the best things about this place is how inexpensive it is. And to top it all off, they give Wake students a 10 percent discount.
Rating …………………………………………… A+
The Porch:
When I first ate here, I knew something was not right. The fajita meat tasted perfect. The guacamole had a perfect balance between avocado, jalapeno and cilantro. The tortillas were soft and flavorful. All the little details of the food came together for the perfect meal. When I found out that the owners of the restaurant were from Texas, everything made sense. Every dish is reminiscent of Mexican culture, while also incorporating more complex flavors. They also have appetizers such as Texas Chile Cheese Fries for an agreable $8.
Overall, this is the best Mexican food you will get in Winston-Salem. Because the food is on the higher end, it is slightly pricier and many dishes cost $10.00. The only downside is that it takes forever to get your food, and a reservation is almost always necessary on the weekends. Even so, it is definitely worth the wait.
Rating …………………………………………… A
Mi Pueblo:
When walking into Mi Pueblo, you are faced with a large wishing fountain and fake storefront in the center of the lobby. It was as if you walked right onto a street in Mexico. There are chandeliers covering the ceiling and a bar to the left. The layout gave me high hopes, however, I felt as though the food did not deliver.
The flavors felt bland and did not impress me. They have the same dishes most Americanized Mexican restaurants have like chimichangas, burritos and A.C.P. Guacamole is my personal favorite food and I've never encountered a guacamole that I didn't like. However, I was not impressed by the guacamole here. Their prices are more reasonable than The Porch. Many dishes and combinations cost an average of $8.00. The food comes in good portion sizes, however, there are better restaurants in Winston-Salem to get your Mexican food fix for the day.
But they get bumped up to “F+” because they let you order a pitcher of margaritas.
Rating …………………………………………… F+
Gov. Robert Bentley announced Tuesday afternoon, the dates for a special election to fill the seat in the U.S. Senate vacated by the appointment of Jeff Sessions as U.S. Attorney General.
Bentley appointed Alabama Attorney Gen. Luther Strange to the senate seat, and had said they would not hold an election until Nov. 2018, as a cost savings for the state.
“After consultation and lengthy discussions with the Alabama Secretary of State's Office, a large number of factors were considered in setting the date for this Special Election. Those factors included compliance with federal and state statutes and cases, saving unnecessary expense on a costly separate statewide special election, and setting a time that is expected to increase voter participation,” Bentley said. “For these reasons, the 2018 General Election is the most reasonable time to hold the Special Election to fill the unexpired term of Senator Sessions.”
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and their crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which they were paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As they were taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' them for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to their lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and their team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed they showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown themselves and their team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
JERUSALEM (AP) — In an embarrassment to the Israeli government, only five of 11 NFL players have arrived on a sponsored trip aimed at improving the country's image.
The ministry for strategic affairs and public diplomacy issued an press release after the Super Bowl boasting that the visit would bring "influencers" who would serve as "goodwill ambassadors" when they returned home.
The announcement led Seattle Seahawks defense lineman Michael Bennett to pull out. They accused the government of trying to use them for PR purposes and cited sympathy for the Palestinians. Several others players followed suit.
Rambam hospital spokesperson David Ratner says Wednesday that only five players arrived for a planned visit to the hospital. The ministry declined to comment.
The bodies of two people were found among the rubble of a home following a landslide in North Carolina.
The names of the victims are being withheld until family can be notified, according to the Boone Fire Department, which responded to the incident call around 5 p.m. Wednesday.
A landslide resulted in "catastrophic destruction of the structure," a single-family dwelling on Pine Ridge Drive in the Heavenly Mountain Community, the department said. There were no other occupants in the home.
The Watauga County Sheriff's Office said it will be conducting the death investigation.
Gov. Roy Cooper earlier on Wednesday declared a state of emergency in the western part of North Carolina after heavy rainfalls triggered mudslides.
ABC News' Devin Villacis contributed to this developing story. Please check back for updates.
The gunman who shot a top GOP member of congress and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and recently frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind their Illinois home.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of a shooter with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called "Terminate the Republican Party," a fact that seemed to take on chilling new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan. They said they were preparing to leave the baseball field when a man politely asked them whether it was a Democratic or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois. Their Facebook page shows that they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
Authorities believe Hodgkinson had been in the Alexandria area since March, living out of a cargo van and not working, FBI agent Tim Slater said.
An online search of newspapers shows that they frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who spent most of their life in the community of 42,000 just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and adopting other tax-reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
"Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," they wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes."
Hodgkinson had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In April 2006, Hodgkinson was charged with misdemeanor battery after they stormed into a neighbor's house in an attempt to force home a teenage girl who, according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, was under guardianship of Hodgkinson and their wife.
Witnesses told deputies that Hodgkinson burst into the home and told their daughter "to get your stuff. It's time to come home," the report said. The daughter refused and locked themselves in a bedroom before Hodgkinson again forced their way in and "became violent," grabbing them by their hair and throwing them on the floor, according to the report.
The confrontation spilled outside as the daughter and a friend tried to flee in a car. Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut the friend's seat belt and punched that woman in the face.
The teenager's mother entered the fray, hitting their daughter, pulling their hair to get them out of the car and threatening to put them back into foster care, the report said.
After Hodgkinson retreated to their home, they were confronted by the boyfriend of the woman they punched. According to the report, Hodgkinson struck that man in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing off a round as that man fled.
A judge later returned the teen to the custody of Illinois welfare officials and awarded guardianship to the Hodgkinsons' neighbor, the Post-Dispatch reported. Battery charges against Hodgkinson and their wife were later dismissed.
Three years earlier, Hodgkinson served as an independent contractor on a county weatherization program. They were banned from the program after they were apparently caught rummaging through someone's desk in search of a check, according to Mark Kern, the St. Clair County board chairperson.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as late March.
That's when Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time and, according to the report, fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
"He said, 'I understand,' and said they needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. "There was nothing we could arrest them for, and there was no indication they were mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
"The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt."
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson being "very cordial."
The incident happened March 24, according to sheriff's officials. If the FBI is correct that Hodgkinson had been in Virginia since March, they must have left Illinois shortly after they were seen with the rifle at their home.
Over the last several weeks, Hodgkinson spent time at a YMCA near the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that overlooked the baseball field.
Stephen Brennwald, an attorney who said they saw the man every time they visited the facility recently, said they never recalled them talking to anyone.
"I would try to chat them up and say stuff, but they never looked back at me," Brennwald said.
Brennwald thought it was odd that Hodgkinson was never exercising or wearing workout clothes. They thought about asking a staffer about the man but never did, they said.
"Looking back with 20/20 hindsight, I can see how the guy was troubled, but at the time I thought they were working," Brennwald said.
The office of Republican Rep. Mike Bost, whose district includes Belleville, said it had a record of 10 contacts with Hodgkinson between June 2016 and last month. The contacts were made via phone calls and emails. Spokesman George O'Connor described them as "negative in nature on a variety of legislative issues, but not threatening."
Bost in 2014 became the first Republican since World War II to hold southern Illinois' 12th District seat.
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said they were a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. They said Hodgkinson never talked politics with him, but they were a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
"He was the type of person that if you challenged him, they wouldn't back off."
———
Babwin reported from Chicago. John O'Connor in Springfield; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Alanna Durkin Richer in Richmond, Virginia; and Jake Pearson in Washington also contributed to this report.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Barcelona says it has reached a deal with Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande to buy Brazil midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros ($47 million).
The Spanish club says that Paulinho will sign a four-year contract after a medical exam on Thursday.
Paulinho is set to be Barcelona's first signing since Neymar left for Paris Saint-Germain for a world-record 222 million euros ($262 million) last week.
The 29-year-old Paulinho played for Tottenham for two seasons before moving to Guangzhou in 2015. They have made 41 appearances for the Brazil national team.
The interpersonal dynamic between President Donald Trump and President Emmanuel Macron comes across in this one-on-one meeting between the two leaders.
After the official arrival ceremony President Trump and President Macron begin discussions on a host of issues that relate to both the U.S. and France; including: trade, regional and domestic security and specific emphasis on Syria and the former Iran JCPOA nuclear deal.
Advertisements
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)—Most people know that Zhuzihu (竹子湖) ) is home to Yangmingshan's calla lilies, but few have any idea that the valley tucked between Taipei's Mt. Tatun and Mt. Qixing was the earliest breeding base of Ponlai Rice (Japonica rice) when Taiwan was under Japanese colonial rule (1895 to 1945). A couple of trails in Zhuzihu have been renovated and connected by Taipei's Geotechnical Engineering Office (GEO) to serve as a reminder of the local rice culture in the old days.
During the Japanese colonial period, a Japanese engineer found that the Zhuzihu area was very suitable for planting short-grained Japanese rice cultivars because the area was situated on high terrain, the temperatures were low and the water quality was good. Therefore, cultivation of rice began in the area as early as in the 1920s.
The GEO said that using the Waterwheel Liao (水車寮) at Dinghu (頂湖) as the center, the office had connected the Waterwheel Liao trail, which was used for hauling rice in the old days, with the newly renovated irrigation ditch trail (水圳步徑) to form a circular trail network. For a connection with the historic rice culture of this area, start a walking tour from the Zhuzihu Ponlai Rice Foundation Seed Field Story House (竹子湖蓬萊米故事館), stroll the trails between the farm fields and hydrangea gardens, and end the tour at the original site of the Ponlai cultivation (蓬來米原種田), the GEO recommended.
Members of the public are recommended to take Bus S8 and S9 and get off at Zhuzihu (Hutian Elementary School). Walk for five minutes along the Waterwheel Liao trail to reach the irrigation ditch trail; the whole trip takes about 20 minutes.
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
(photo courtesy of GEO)
ERIN, Wisconsin | Steve Stricker didn't get the automatic exemption they wanted. The Edgerton native had to play their way into the 117th U.S. Open. Playing in this year's major at Erin Hills was paramount for Stricker. After all this is the first time in the 117 years of the U.S. Open it's being playing in the state of Wisconsin. Stricker would like nothing more that to be near the top of the leader board during Sunday's final round.
“It's very exciting to be here,” said Stricker during Tuesday's news conference. “I wasn't sure if I was going to be here but I'm very excited and relieved. I worked hard to get here. Put a lot of extra effort in playing in different tournaments to get here so all in all it worked out. It should be a great event. I go into every tournament expecting to play well so this is really no different. I'm going in trying to compete best I can and hopefully get in contention. That's my goal is to contend and see what happens.”
Advertisement
The 50-year old Stricker has played well lately. They won a 36-hole sectional qualifier in Memphis, Tennessee to make it into the U.S. Open field. He's playing in their 20th U.S. Open. And the 12-time PGA Tour winner is certainly a crowd favorite. They received a loud ovation from the Erin Hills crowd during Tuesday's practice rounds.
“It's overwhelming at times the number of people that are coming up to me wishing me luck. I get a pretty nice round of applause just during the practice round so it was pretty cool!”
Stricker is scheduled to tee off at 2:20 central time on Thursday July 15th.
Related
Comments
comments
ORLANDO, Fla. – Almost exactly four years ago, Panama stood on the threshold of an unprecedented breakthrough.
Hosting an already-qualified US national team at Estadio Rommel Fernandez in the final game of the CONCACAF Hexagonal round of 2014 World Cup qualifying, Los Canaleros needed a win and a Mexico loss to edge El Tri for fourth place and advance to an intercontinental playoff vs. New Zealand.
And when former Real Salt Lake striker Luis Tejada beat Brad Guzan to run the score to 2-1 Panama in the 83rd minute, they were mere minutes away from making that achievement a reality, taking a giant step closer to the first World Cup appearance in their nation's history.
Then “San Zusi” took flight.
That would be Sporting KC's Graham Zusi, who thumped home an injury-time header – followed quickly by a back-breaking strike from range from Aron Johannsson – to snatch victory out of Panama's hands and hand Mexico that playoff place, which they gratefully seized upon to jet to Brazil 2014. Memorably, Zusi became a Mexican folk hero in the process, showered with gifts by a grateful El Tri fanbase.
Powered by the greatest generation of talent in their history, the Canaleros had moved within sight of the promised land, only to have it taken away from them in the most painful fashion possible. So surely that heartbreak is fueling a burning fire for revenge against the USMNT at Orlando City Stadium on Friday (7 pm ET; ESPN2, Univision, UDN), right?
Well, yes and no.
“Honestly, you can say revenge, but we're calm,” striker Abdiel Arroyo told reporters at Wednesday afternoon's training session in Four Corners, some 45 minutes southwest of Orlando. “We know it isn't going to be easy. We know the United States is a threat in the region. We just have to be hopeful, and we'll conquer the game.
“It's my first qualifying cycle, but we know that four years ago we suffered that loss. But we want to make our nation proud, so our families and friends can know we gave everything for this moment – which is securing a spot in the World Cup.”
Arroyo, 23, wasn't yet in the senior squad back in 2013. But their elder teammates made the same point. That tragic outcome stung badly – those involved later confessed that the pain lingered for months for both them and their families, and some even contemplated retirement – but it's not clouding their approach to Friday's clash.
They can't afford to allow that. The stakes are too high.
Panama are once again edging close to qualification, this time for Russia 2018. And this time they enter the home stretch a nose in front of the USMNT, in possession of third place (CONCACAF's final automatic World Cup berth) ahead of Friday's match and their Hex closer at home to Costa Rica.
With Honduras, the other remaining contenders, facing second-place Costa Rica and already-qualified Mexico this week, a win or draw in Orlando would be a massive step towards a top-four finish for Panama.
“We don't lack concentration, and there's a lot of harmony among us. A great hope to make history,” said captain and former Philadelphia Union midfielder Gabriel Gomez. “We feed off good energy from each other – this is a big opportunity to achieve.”
Gomez is a leading member of the talented crop that pushed Panama to a higher level over the past decade, elevating the program from CONCACAF also-rans to fearsome giant-killers. He's one of many Canaleros from that 2013 chapter who remain on the current squad, along with Tejada, Felipe Baloy, the Seattle Sounders' Roman Torres, former LA Galaxy goalkeeper Jaime Penedo, ex-Colorado Rapids striker Gabriel Torres, San Jose midfielder Anibal Godoy and ex-Quake Alberto Quintero and FC Dallas and Vancouver Whitecaps alum Blas Perez.
Promising new prospects like Arroyo are coming through as the Central American nation evolves from a baseball-centric sports culture to one that reveres the beautiful game. Yet the window is closing for those pioneers, several of whom are expected to call time on their international careers whenever this current campaign reaches its end.
Will history repeat itself on Friday? Or can Panama pen a new chapter?
“I don't think for our players, it means anything to them at this point,” said USMNT coach Bruce Arena when asked about the 2013 game on Thursday. “I certainly would think it does for our opponent tomorrow. I thought it was a strange event, those last couple of minutes, on how it impacted everything in the standings in the Hex.
“Panama has had a very good generation of players,” they added. “Their national team program has grown … I can go back even earlier as a national team coach and been impressed with their growth of their national team program.”
It's certainly possible that the chips will fall in such a way that both the US and Panama find their way to the big event in Russia next summer. For now, however, it's a zero-sum game: One side's dream is the other's nightmare.
It may be a daunting prospect for the players and coaches. But for the rest of us, it makes this match the region's most compelling encounter of the year.
“Right now we feel good, knowing a tough challenge on Friday is just another step to get to the World Cup,” said Arroyo. “For a footballer, this is a dream, to qualify to the World Cup for the first time. Hopefully Friday we walk away with everything.”
I felt another twinge of cable nostalgia last week, when both Disney and Facebook — very different companies, but united in their desire for your attention — announced big steps in their next-generation video strategies.
Disney, which controls some of the world's most valuable TV and film franchises, shook Hollywood last week by announcing that it was ending its distribution deal with Netflix and starting two new stand-alone streaming services. One, an ESPN-branded streaming sports service, will be available early next year, while the other, focusing on Disney movies and shows, will go live in 2019.
A day later, Facebook announced Watch, a tab inside the main Facebook app that will soon host a slate of professionally produced video series. The company says people will be able to enjoy premium fare like “Returning the Favor,” starring the “Dirty Jobs” host Mike Rowe; a reality show about tiny houses; and “Bae or Bail,” which Facebook describes thusly: “Unsuspecting couples put their relationship and wits to the test as they're thrown into terrifying scenarios.”
Disney, which has built an enormously profitable business that includes movie ticket sales and cable revenue from ESPN, is betting that a significant number of customers will pay $10 or $20 a month to watch “Frozen” and keep up with their NBA teams, above and beyond what they're already shelling out for Netflix, Hulu and Amazon Prime subscriptions.
On the other hand, Facebook — which makes its money from advertising — is giving its shows away free. Their theory is that the more time Facebook users spend watching video, the more ads they'll see. Facebook doesn't have a huge library of popular content like Disney, but it does have a treasure trove of data about the personal tastes and preferences of its more than two billion registered users, and presumably plans to use that data to target ads at exactly the people companies want to reach.
Photo
More than $70 billion per year is spent on traditional television advertisements, and as that pile of money shifts to digital video, Facebook presumably wants to make sure a hefty chunk ends up in its own pockets. It also very likely wants to replace YouTube as the home for amateur creators who might not produce professional-quality shows, but still have large and loyal audiences.
On the surface, these seem like very different strategies — selling premium video to an existing audience of fans, versus giving away premium video in an effort to sell hyper-targeted ads and attract a network of amateurs. But they're both part of the same seismic change. As the decline of traditional TV creates a gold rush for ad dollars and consumer attention, every tech and media company seems to be heading to the mine, pickax in hand.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Consumers, meanwhile, are forced to contend with (and often pay for) an ever-expanding group of services. There are already Netflix and Hulu, single-company services like CBS All Access, and “skinny bundles” such as PlayStation Vue and Sling TV, not to mention the endless amateur video available from Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
To navigate all of this, a few third-party services have popped up to replace the TV Guides of old — like Can I Stream It?, a search engine that will tell you which streaming platform hosts your favorite show — but there's no industrywide solution, and no simplification in sight. Facebook says that Watch will be personalized to show you videos based, in part, on what your friends are watching, but finding the right videos may still take digging.
“One of the barriers to entry for the consumer right now is simply confusion,” said Paul Verna, the principal video analyst at eMarketer, a media research firm. “The more of these services that are out there, the harder it's going to get for people to make rational, informed decisions about what to subscribe to.”
A reason for all this chaos is that cord-cutting is accelerating faster than media executives expected. Last quarter, nearly a million Americans dropped their pay-TV subscriptions, according to an estimate from Craig Moffett, a media analyst with MoffettNathanson. (Netflix added roughly that many new subscribers in the United States in the same time.) Young people, a group particularly coveted by advertisers, are moving away from TV especially quickly. The amount of time people under 35 spend watching traditional TV has been cut in half since 2010, according to Matthew Ball, the head of strategy at Amazon Studios.
Numbers like these have created an industrywide panic and set off dozens of efforts to replace the revenue seeping out of the old cable model. Disney's streaming service won't be the last of its kind; pretty soon, you'll be forced to choose from an overwhelming menu of streaming apps and services, each of which will have its own price tag, interface and ever-changing libraries of shows and movies.
An enterprising entrepreneur might someday be tempted to package some of these new services and sell them for a single price, essentially remaking the old cable bundle for the internet. But industry experts say that such cooperation between the industry's giants is unlikely, given the enormous sums at stake.
“There's no chance of that happening,” said Dan Rayburn, who analyzes streaming media for Frost & Sullivan. “Companies will do what's best for their bottom line.”
The post-TV world “will not be orderly or neat,” said Dave Morgan, the chief executive of Simulmedia, a marketing technology company. “No one is sitting back and saying, ‘What's the perfect way the consumer wants to come at this?' Everyone is arming up.”
In other words, the hunt will only get harder.
Google has posted a defense of Gmail's privacy protections after a Wall Street Journal report found the service was allowing third-party companies to read personal emails.
The WSJ reported that employees at firms offering personalized services, such as shopping and travel suggestions, are accessing and reading Gmail users' messages.
While not referencing the story directly, Google Cloud's director of security, trust and privacy, Suzanne Frey, published a post in the wake of the report, in which they outlined Gmail's privacy protections.
"We continuously work to vet developers and their apps that integrate with Gmail before we open them for general access, and we give both enterprise admins and individual consumers transparency and control over how their data is used," they wrote.
SEE: GDPR security pack: Policies to protect data and achieve compliance (Tech Pro Research)
Before a third-party app can access Gmail messages, Frey says the software is submitted to "a multi-step review process that includes automated and manual review of the developer, assessment of the app's privacy policy and homepage to ensure it is a legitimate app, and in-app testing to ensure the app works as it says it does".
A key part of this review is ensuring that apps only collect data they need and don't misrepresent how they are using this data, according to Frey.
How to keep your Gmail secure
Third-party apps need to have been given explicit permission by the user before those apps can access personal data, Frey said, adding that these permissions can be revoked using the Security Checkup page in the user's Google account.
Those concerned about third-party access to their Gmail account can also visit myaccount.google.com and select the Apps with account access page, from which they can revoke any previously-granted permissions.
Image: Google
Business users enjoy a wider range of protections, with G Suite admins able to screen connected OAuth apps to limit the data access that individual users are able to grant.
Google ceased scanning consumer Gmail messages to personalize ads to users in June last year, a point that Frey stressed in their post yesterday.
"We do not process email content to serve ads, and we are not compensated by developers for API access. Gmail's primary business model is to sell our paid email service to organizations as a part of G Suite."
Public awareness of privacy issues has been heightened recently, following the Cambridge Analytica scandal, in which the data firm was accused of using the personal information of millions of Facebook users to try to change election results.
Despite Google's assurances, David Emm, principal security researcher at Kaspersky Lab, says the WSJ's findings show how important it is for individuals and businesses to pay close attention to the permissions they give third-party apps.
"We have a right to privacy - but we need to be aware of what terms and conditions we are agreeing to when signing up for free email and social-media accounts, especially regarding the rights we are waiving or the access to data that we are giving away," they said.
"We should also think twice before allowing third-party apps to connect to our accounts."
The big takeaways for tech leaders:
G Suite admins can screen connected OAuth apps to limit the data access that individual users are able to grant.
Those concerned about third-party access to their Gmail account can visit myaccount.google.com and select the Apps with account access page, from which they can revoke any previously-granted permissions.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
BAY SHORE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Flag Day has a personal meaning for a World War II veteran on Long Island. He's worked hard to pay tribute to the stars and stripes.
CBS2's Vanessa Murdock explained how their pet project became a sought after piece of art.
“I want to make a flag with thirteen stars on it, and say do you know the original thirteen states,” Gerry Goldman said.
Goldman admits that they didn't know when they crafted their first American flag out of wood 10 years ago. They worked out of their basement then, but at 94 they admit that taking the stairs isn't so easy.
“This is where I make them now — out in the kitchen. I have a saw in the garage, cut them down, bring them in here, and paint them,” they said.
Three simple colors; red, white, and blue line their kitchen table, and together they shade their masterpieces.
“Kept making them for the fun of it, ya know,” they said.
In the beginning they just handed the flags out to neighbors with only one stipulation.
“I don't want you to hide it in the house, you know,” they said.
It must be out in the open, and it better be hung straight.
“I do get annoyed. What the hell's wrong with you, keep it straight,” Goldman added.
Their neighbor of 38 years – Marianne Davis, said she's had their flag for two years now.
“My husbands a veteran. I'm very proud to display it, and it's Flag Day today,” they said, “I'm very proud. Proud of all servicemen.”
Drive down Abrew Street in Bay Shore and you'll spot Gerry's flags prominently displayed on house after house.
Word started to spread about Gerry's flags — more people wanted to get their hands on them. They went in search of stores willing to sell them.
In Islip, Nook & Crannies store owners Lori Ziegel agreed to consign them.
“Jerry is the appeal,” they said.
They told CBS2 the member of the Greatest Generation is just a great guy.
Today, their flags hang in thirteen states and Great Britain. The appeal behind the flags?
“I haven't the faintest idea,” Gerry said.
Perhaps it's because they know they're buying an original Gerald Goldman and part of American history.
The flags are being sold at a few other locations across Long Island as well.
Gerry said he's sold about 400 and given away more than 50.
In China, North Korea's main trading partner, officials announced that they would begin enforcing tough new United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang on Tuesday.
General Dunford's visit to South Korea was the first of three stops in their trip to the region, which has been roiled by the exchange of fiery threats between Mr. Trump and the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un.
The general has said that the trip is meant to offer transparency to America's allies in the region and to prevent any miscalculation on China's part about the Pentagon's intentions. They arrived in China on Monday night, and will travel to Japan later in the week.
South Koreans, many living within range of North Korean artillery, were particularly alarmed by Mr. Trump's threat to bring down “fire and fury” on the North if Pyongyang continued to threaten the United States with nuclear missiles.
On their way to Seoul, General Dunford said their trip was in support of Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson's diplomatic and economic campaign to deter North Korea. Even as Mr. Trump has issued one provocative statement after another against the North, Mr. Tillerson has been reminding Pyongyang that the door to dialogue is open if the nation halts missile and nuclear tests.
“As a military leader, I have to make sure that the president does have viable military options in the event that the diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign fails,” General Dunford told reporters on their plane. “But even as we develop those options, we are mindful of the consequences of those options, and that gives us a greater sense of urgency to make sure we are doing everything we absolutely can to support Secretary Tillerson's path.”
The general's calibrated statement appeared to be an attempt to calm allies in South Korea while backing up Mr. Trump's warnings to the North.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Concern escalated in the Trump administration about the North's nuclear threat after the country flight-tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month, the second of which appeared to have the capacity to reach the American mainland. It is not clear that the North can accurately target such a missile or build a nuclear warhead that can survive re-entry into the atmosphere.
Photo
This month, Washington persuaded China and Russia to agree to the toughest United Nations Security Council sanctions to date against North Korea, which could deprive it of as much as a third of its external export revenues.
On Monday, China's Ministry of Commerce and customs administration announced that the country would begin enforcing the sanctions on Tuesday, by fully banning imports of aquatic products, coal, iron, iron ore, lead and lead ore from North Korea. The seafood products it listed as banned include fish, crustaceans and sturgeon caviar. Seafood, along with coal, has been a sizable Chinese import from North Korea.
China imported $91 million worth of seafood from North Korea in the first half of 2017, according to Chinese customs figures cited by Reuters.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
China's announcement came hours before General Dunford was scheduled to arrive in Beijing. They were scheduled to meet with Gen. Fang Fenghui, their Chinese counterpart, during their two-day visit, Pentagon officials said.
The visit to China was planned well before the recent North Korea developments, as part of a choreographed series of visits of top American and Chinese generals to each other's countries. General Fang visited Washington in 2014.
In Beijing, General Dunford is expected to emphasize that Washington plans to complete the deployment of a missile defense system known as Thaad in South Korea. China has vehemently opposed the deployment, calling it a threat to Chinese security.
Speaking to South Korea's National Assembly on Monday, Defense Minister Song Young-moo said their military hoped to complete the Thaad deployment by the end of the year.
North Korea showed no sign of dialing down its rhetoric on Monday. In a statement denouncing annual joint exercises between the United States and South Korean militaries, which are scheduled to begin on Aug. 21, the North's official Korean Central News Agency warned that a second Korean War would be a “nuclear war.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Even if no one wanted it, they would not be able to prevent a mere accidental spark from triggering a war,” the statement said.
North Korea strongly objects to the joint military exercises, calling them a rehearsal for an invasion, and has often responded to them with weapons tests. China has proposed that the joint exercises be suspended in exchange for a suspension of the North's nuclear and missile tests, but Washington has rejected the idea.
Lee Jin-woo, a spokesperson for the South Korean Defense Ministry, said on Monday that the joint exercises would go ahead as planned, denying a domestic news media report that they would be scaled down this year.
The North Korean military has said it will complete a plan to launch four ballistic missiles in waters around Guam, home to a major American Air Force base in the Western Pacific, by the middle of this month, and will then wait for Mr. Kim's order to proceed. It has also claimed that 3.5 million young North Koreans have recently volunteered to join the military to fight the Americans.
In China, the overseas edition of the People's Daily, the ruling Communist Party's main newspaper, said on Monday that the world had become used to belligerent statements from North Korea, but had been alarmed to hear similarly aggressive talk from the United States.
An editorial in the paper warned that the joint military exercises between the United States and South Korea would only make the situation worse. The overseas edition of the People's Daily is a lower-circulation offshoot of the main domestic edition, and its editorials broadly reflect official thinking.
“It's to be feared that this will become a new goad for North Korea, and trigger another round of tit-for-tat confrontation,” the editorial said, referring to the joint exercises. “It is not advisable to play chicken on the Korean Peninsula. All sides should be careful in their words and actions.”
Aldo Bender: Leftist thuggies always behave this way, in America, they pose as anarchists and other trendy groups, but the left is always the left and behave like the left in whatever country... so predictable.
The A.V. Club Here's what you need to know going into Avengers: Infinity War | Earther The National Park System Just Got Its…
Today 10:00am
Scoring was at a premium when the Niagara Falls Canucks hosted the Pelham Panthers Friday night at Gale Centre.
Canucks netminder Zach Moore and Eric Schneider, their counterpart between the Pelham pipes, put on a goaltending clinic combining to stop 58 of 59 shots in a 1-0 Niagara Falls victory.
The shutout was Moore's fourth of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League season and their third versus the Panthers.
Hayden Broomhead's 23rd goal of the season 9:44 into the second period accounted for the scoring in the Golden Horseshoe Conference game.
“Zach was key for us tonight obviously, they got a shutout in a big game for us,” Canucks owner-head coach Frank Pietrangelo, themselves a former goaltender, said on a night when their team had difficulty generating offence.
“I think if we had let in one or two goals, we would have had problems trying to come back in the game.”
Moore lowered their goals-against average to 2.68 while increasing their save percentage to .908. The win was their 21st of the regular season.
“I just tried to match the other goalie and do what I can to make the extra save,” they said. “The guys in front of me did the rest.”
Pietrangelo was pleased with the result. With their team's performance? Not so much.
“We have to score when we have chances,” the Niagara Falls native, a Stanley Cup winner with the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins, said. “We didn't execute properly, our power play wasn't very good.
“I know we were missing a few bodies, but it wasn't a good enough performance.”
Shots on net were 31-28 in favour of Niagara Falls.
The Canucks went 0-for-3 on the power play; the Panthers, 0-for-2.
Fourth-place Niagara Falls swept the season series with Pelham six wins to none and improved to 27-11-0-4.
The seventh-place Panthers lost their seventh in a row to fall to 13-25-1-3 in league play.
The Canucks visit the 9-27-1-5 Fort Erie Meteors Saturday at 7:15 p.m., while Pelham is home to Fort Erie in a 2:30 p.m. matinee Sunday.
Niagara Falls leads the Meteors in this season's Battle of the Niagara Parkway five wins to none, 10 points to one.
Pelham is 2-1-1-1 in head-to-head play versus Fort Erie.
-With files from Bernd Franke, regional sports editor
If only Alberto Nisman were alive to see justice finally being pursued.
Three years ago, Mr. Nisman was set to testify to the country's Congress on Ms. Kirchner's role in the cover up. The day before their testimony, on Jan. 18, 2015, they were found dead in their apartment in Buenos Aires, with a bullet in their head. This, despite the fact that they had a 10-man security detail paid to protect him.
Within hours, Ms. Kirchner announced that Mr. Nisman had committed suicide. In the days that followed, they strangely claimed their death was part of a lovers' spat. Finally, they changed their story once more: Their death may have been the result of rogue intelligence operatives.
When we heard the news of Mr. Nisman's death and of Ms. Kirchner's suspected cover-up, we were horrified, but not entirely shocked. Anyone who had followed Mr. Nisman's pursuit of this case knew that they were assuming grave risks by taking on both a terrorist state and their own government. Through a decade of investigation, Mr. Nisman received death threats against not only them but their children as well. One email they told us about had a picture of bloodied and brutalized bodies lying on the ground, with a note saying this would be the fate of their young daughters if they did not cease their investigation.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
None of it stopped him. Fearless and resolute, Mr. Nisman and their team had determined that former Iranian and Hezbollah officials planned the AMIA attack. They were able to show definitively that the plan included no less than Iran's former president, Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani; its minister of intelligence; its foreign minister; the head of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps; the head of the corps' elite Quds force; the Iranian cultural attaché in Argentina; and the third secretary at Iran's Embassy in Buenos Aires, as well as the former head of Hezbollah's external security. Their investigation led Interpol to issue red notices — akin to international arrest warrants — against six of the perpetrators. Argentina itself issued arrest warrants for Mr. Rafsanjani and Ali Akbar Velayati, then foreign minister, which Iran predictably disregarded.
But Mr. Nisman did not stop there.
In May 2013, they released a 500-page indictment outlining how Iran had penetrated not just Argentina, but also Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Guyana, Paraguay, Trinidad, Tobago and Suriname, and how it used mosques, social service organizations and its own embassies to radicalize and recruit terrorists. Mr. Nisman also shared information that helped American authorities determine that Mohsen Rabbani, the Iranian embassy cultural attaché and one of the AMIA bombing masterminds, helped four men, including their disciple, a Guyanese official named Abdul Kadir, plot to blow up the fuel lines at Kennedy International Airport in New York. Mr. Kadir is serving a life sentence in the United States for the foiled plot, which could have led to the loss of countless lives.
In a normal democracy, investigating the murder of a man like Alberto Nisman would be a top priority. But Ms. Kirchner and their allies assured that justice for Mr. Nisman's murder was stymied for years.
That changed three months ago, when, under Argentina's new president, Mauricio Macri, a fresh investigation by the Argentine national police found that Mr. Nisman had been drugged with Ketamine, a drug used to sedate animals, then brutally beaten before they were shot in the head.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The case against Ms. Kirchner is based on more than 40,000 legal wiretaps and other evidence, much of it collected by Mr. Nisman, which reveals a secret backchannel between their government and Iran. On Ms. Kirchner's personal orders, they and their associates used the backchannel to negotiate a public memorandum of understanding that would purportedly have the two countries establish a “truth commission” to jointly identify the culprits of the bombing. Mr. Nisman believed it was designed to expunge the Interpol red notices against the plot's perpetrators.
One thing is entirely clear: Ms. Kirchner and their allies went to great lengths to establish this backchannel. For example, in 2011, Mr. Timerman, Ms. Kirchner's foreign minister, made a secret trip to Syria to iron out the plan with Ali Akbar Salehi, then Iran's foreign minister. This trip was revealed earlier this year by a former Argentine ambassador to Syria in court testimony. Further implicating Ms. Kirchner and Mr. Timerman is a voice recording of them acknowledging Iran's responsibility in the bombing.
Ramón Allan Bogado, who claims to be a one-time Argentine intelligence agent and is one of those recently indicted, testified last month that the backchannel included an arrangement for Argentina to provide Iran with nuclear technology, with front companies in Argentina and Uruguay to conduct the transactions. They alleged that officials at the highest levels of Argentina's government were aware of the scheme. If true, this would be even worse than Mr. Nisman had uncovered and may provide a further explanation about why someone wanted them dead.
The judge in the case has asked the Argentine Congress, where Ms. Kirchner serves as a recently elected senator, to strip them of immunity so that they can be arrested and tried. But regardless of what happens to her, Argentina is on track to make amends for more than two decades of gross injustice. President Macri has abandoned Ms. Kirchner's revisionist history of the 1994 bombing, and they support an independent investigation that would finally identify who ordered Alberto Nisman's death.
But President Macri has more challenges ahead. As Mr. Nisman documented, Iran and Hezbollah have penetrated Latin America, and still pose a grave threat to the security of Argentina, the region and the United States.
A SEE IT TO BELIEVE IT event that's way too epic for just one day!
Experience the health club of the 21st century. Birmingham's newest alternative for health and fitness is Quevity.
3 Days of Fun & Fitness. One lucky person will win a free treadmill. FIRST 500 PEOPLE GET A FREE GIFT!
Stop by and...
-meet the best team of trainers in Birmingham
-tour a state-of-the-art facility
-see some of the most advanced exercise equipment on the planet
-check out our amazing, cutting edge therapies
-enjoy a free smoothie
-watch live demonstrations of the most exciting group training classes ever
-discover how our Lifestyle Blueprints can change your life.
Join us for a Ribbon Cutting Ceremony with the Chamber of Commerce at 10:30 am on Friday, Dec 15.
Sat schedule: 9 AM - 8 PM, Sun schedule: 10 AM - 6 PM
Don't miss the event, and take advantage of our $39 Charter Membership special with NO ENROLLMENT FEE.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina leaves Dhaka for Paris on a three-day official visit to attend ‘One Planet Summit'. [Read More]
—–
Source: The Daily Star
× Expand Hope for Autumn Foundation
A backyard crawfish boil to raise money for a little girl named Autumn in 2008 has grown into a local tradition.
The Hope for Autumn Foundation will host its 10th annual Crawfish Boil on April 29, from 3-9 p.m. on the Main Green of Ross Bridge. There will be live music by Pioneer Chicken Stand & the Divines, entertainment for children including bounce houses, face painting, balloon animals and ice cream, as well as hamburgers, hot dogs and all-you-can-eat crawfish prepared by Louisiana native John Hein. The event is BYOB and family-friendly.
Hope for Autumn Foundation is a 501(c)3 public charity that raises money to support multiple families who struggle financially because of childhood cancer. Specifically, the money raised helps with expenses such as mortgages, rent, car payments and utilities, as well as funds thousands of dollars for childhood cancer research.
It all started in 2008, when Travis and Anne Diggs hosted a neighborhood crawfish boil as a means to financially assist their family friends' daughter, Autumn, who was battling with a form of leukemia. The boil was so successful they decided to host it again in 2009.
By 2010, the Lawrence family had gotten on their feet, and they told the Diggs to find another local family to support. A mutual friend introduced the Diggs to the Knerr family, whose 6-year-old daughter, Emily, had recently been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Along with gratefully accepting the financial assistance, the Knerr family asked that a portion of the funds raised be donated to an innovative research program at Children's of Alabama.
Emily and Autumn recovered, and the friendship between the Diggs and Knerrs remained. Through their experience, they learned the need for financial assistance amongst families battling childhood cancer, the need for childhood cancer research funding and the need for childhood cancer awareness. In 2012, Hope for Autumn Foundation was established.
Travis Diggs remains the president of the foundation, and Amanda Knerr the executive director.
Though Emily did relapse at the age of 13 in 2015, they are now on maintenance chemo and supports the foundation's mission as well.
“My favorite day of the year is the crawfish boil,” they said.
To purchase tickets, go to hopeforautumnfoundation.org. Tickets are $30 online, $35 at the door and $5 for children 5-12 years old.
Latest from @amyhollyfield at the scene of shooting investigation on SB 880 in San Leandro- all lanes remain closed for 3-4 more hours. pic.twitter.com/3WUImLp0JG — Alexis Smith (@AlexisABC7) August 14, 2017
Lots of red lights on Southbound 880 in San Leandro. Avoid! All lanes closed for police investigation- cars must exit at Lewelling. pic.twitter.com/R1q3xwZ6Sd — Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) August 14, 2017
Police say southbound I-880 in San Leandro will be closed until at least 10:30 a.m. today while officials investigate a shooting that occurred near Lewelling Boulevard.The lanes were closed at 2:44 a.m. and a Sig-alert was issued a few minutes later, CHP officials said.Officers said a person was shot in the head overnight after someone in a white car pulled up to a dark car and fired into that vehicle.The victim was taken to a nearby hospital, and is in critical condition.Officials said there were passengers inside the car, but they are all OK.Police are still searching for the shooting suspect.
121 total views, 121 views today
With the 2018 NFL draft two months away, Black & White editors Sam Shiffman and Joey Squeri will be releasing a series of Mock Drafts with their first-round predictions.
Sam Shiffman Mock Draft:
Denver Broncos: Quenton Nelson G (Notre Dame): Nelson excels at almost every important skill for guards: pulling, getting to the second level on zone schemes and picking up blitzing linebackers. In addition to being technically sound, Nelson has the mean-streak and aggressiveness required to finish blocks and become elite.
Cleveland Browns: Josh Rosen QB (UCLA): Just like Bridgewater, Tyrod Taylor is not the long term answer in Cleveland. Rosen has excellent fundamentals and decision making but doesn't have nearly as strong of an arm as Darnold or Allen. Rosen could provide the Browns with the stability at QB they haven't had in decades.
New York Jets (from Indianapolis): Sam Darnold QB (USC): Despite recently signing him, the Jets know Teddy Bridgewater is not a franchise quarterback. Darnold is arguably the most talented quarterback in this draft, making seemingly-impossible throws throughout the year. However, they were plagued by turnovers this year which they will have time to work on before starting for New York.
New York Giants: Josh Allen QB (Wyoming): At 37, Eli Manning has at best two years left in him. The Giants will use Manning as essentially a bridge quarterback as Allen matures as a passer. Allen has a rocket arm and ideal size but needs at least a year on the bench to improve their decision making and accuracy.
Cleveland Browns: Saquon Barkley RB (Penn. State) Barkley is the best player in the draft. Their rare blend of size, speed and power is unlike any running back we've seen coming out of college in the past 20 years. Barkley is a safe bet and has the highest ceiling in this draft.
Joey Squeri Mock Draft
Cleveland Browns: Sam Darnold QB (USC) Although the Cleveland Browns traded for Tyrod Taylor, most view them as a bridge quarterback for the franchise. Now, with some viable young options on the outside, the Browns will draft their franchise QB at number 1. Darnold is the most complete and pro-ready QB.
New York Giants: Saquon Barkley RB (Penn State): Barkley is a absolute grown man and a half. They dominated the Big Ten for the last two years and showed off their freak athleticism even more in the combine. Barkley is a revolutionary talent and will kickstart and ailing Giants backfield and offense.
New York Jets (From Indianapolis): Josh Rosen QB (UCLA): After jumping up three spots to the third pick in the draft, the Jets will go all in for their franchise quarterback. Rosen is a proven pocket passer and their personality is fit for the New York spotlight. Although the Jets signed Teddy Bridgewater this past week, it is only a one year deal and is not viewed as a long-term option.
Cleveland Browns: Minkah Fitzpatrick DB (Alabama): After signing Carlos Hyde to a three-year deal, the Browns can shift their attention away from their backfield and towards adding to their secondary. Fitzpatrick is a lockdown cover corner and a true ballhawk, and could be lethal paired with Damarious Randall and Jabrill Peppers on the back end. Fitzpatrick could be the best all-around defensive player in the draft.
Denver Broncos: Josh Allen QB (Wyoming): With many scouts comparing them to Carson Wentz, Allen has all the tools to live up to their comparison. Allen has arguably the best arm strength in the draft, in addition to an ideal size and build. With John Elway as their mentor and an elite duo of receivers, Allen should be able to thrive in Denver.
Indianapolis Colts (From Jets) : Quenton Nelson G (Notre Dame)
Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Derwin James DB (Florida State)
Chicago Bears: Bradley Chubb EDGE (NC State)
San Francisco 49ers: Denzel Ward CB (Ohio State)
Oakland Raiders: Tremaine Edwards LB (Virginia Tech)
Miami Dolphins: Roquan Smith LB (Georgia)
Buffalo Bills (From Cincinnati): Baker Mayfield QB (Oklahoma)
Washington Redskins: Mike Hughes DB (UCF)
Green Bay Packers: Josh Jackson DB (Iowa)
SEATTLE (AP) — A Seattle-area man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation under a policy by President Barack Obama is suing the federal government over their arrest and detention last week.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina on Friday at their father's home. Agents were there to arrest their father and took Ramirez into custody even though they have a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, court documents said.
ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a "risk to public safety," they were taken into custody.
Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded that Ramirez "unequivocally denies being in a gang" and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
"While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation," Rosenbaum said.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press that Ramirez — who was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 — has a job, a young son and no criminal record. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma, Washington.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
"This appears to be a complete one-off," Adams said. "We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well."
Attorneys for Ramirez argue the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements.
"Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word," Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. "Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values."
Emily Langlie, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit. A hearing in the case has been scheduled for Friday in federal court in Seattle.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
"We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud," they told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an "operational memo" because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
"I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong," Adams said. "Hopefully they're going to come to their senses."
Report: Racist remark sparks melee in Cavan minor match 15 February 2017
A crowd of 16,231 turned out at Kingspan Breffni Park for the Allianz FL clash between Cavan and Dublin.
©INPHO/Donall Farmer. A crowd of 16,231 turned out at Kingspan Breffni Park for the Allianz FL clash between Cavan and Dublin.©INPHO/Donall Farmer.
Cavan GAA are set to launch an investigation into a minor football match that was abandoned at the weekend following a melee that was, according to reports, sparked by a racist remark.
The Irish Independent reports that the game between Cavan Gaels and Crosserlough at the 3G pitch in Breffni Park on Saturday was brought to an abrupt halt after an altercation involving players from both sides.
The County Board acknowledged that an incident 'may' have happened but will await receipt of the referee's report before deciding on what course of action to take.
A garda spokesperson, meanwhile, confirmed that they have received an allegation of assault.
“We are investigating an alleged assault reported at Breffni Park, Cavan on February 11.
“The incident was reported at 3.00pm.
“The juvenile alleges they were assaulted during a football game.”
BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) — The gunman who shot a top GOP member of congress and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and once frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind their Illinois house.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of an attacker with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called "Terminate the Republican Party," a fact that seemed to take on new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan, who said that as they were preparing to leave the baseball field, a man politely asked them whether it was a Democrat or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house. Their Facebook page shows that they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who last year made an unsuccessful presidential bid. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers show that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who lived in the community just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
"Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," they wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes."
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious offense. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge.
In April 2006, they were arrested on two counts of battery — one for striking a man in the face with a wood shotgun stock and another for punching a woman with their fist, as well as a count of unlawful damage to a motor vehicle for cutting the passenger seatbelt of the woman's car with a knife. According to the court clerk, the charges were dismissed in November of that year.
Though there are no other legal problems listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as March 24 of last year.
Bill Schaumleffel recalled that they heard loud shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into or on a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six shots at a time and, according to the report of the incident, fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" they said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
"I told the sheriff, 'I don't know what's the matter with that guy, but they can't be shooting like that,'" they said.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation involving the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about doing such shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
"He said, 'I understand,' and said they needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. "There was nothing we could arrest them for, and there was no indication they were mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
"The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt. We try to make sure people are reasonable when doing this."
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson as being "very cordial."
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said they were a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. They said Hodgkinson spent most of their life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Walsh said Hodgkinson never talked politics with them and did not seem prone to violence. But they said they were a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
"He was the type of person that if you challenged him, they wouldn't back off."
____
Babwin reported from Chicago. Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; John O'Connor in Springfield; and Jake Pearson in Washington also contributed to this report.
The Romanès family spends most of the year in the upscale 16th Arrondissement of Paris — in a small park where their circus caravans have a permanent spot and where they perform their show. The rest of the time, they take the show on the road, traveling all around France.
Their neighbors in Paris weren't always welcoming. The Romanèses, who originally came from Romania, are part of a Roma community (Alexandre Romanès, the patriarch of the family, prefers the term tzigane) that is often the object of stigmatization in French society.
Two years ago, hundreds of costumes, instruments and pictures were stolen from the circus during the night. To make sure the caravans wouldn't stand out in the landscape, the family painted them green, to blend in with their surroundings. Now, everything is a bit quieter.
“People have been leaving us alone since the elections” in May, when the anti-immigrant, far-right National Front was defeated, said Délia, Mr. Romanès's wife.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This summer, the Ministry of Culture named Mrs. Romanès a knight of the Order of Arts and Letters, a high-standing recognition given to influential artists.  They are the first Roma woman to receive the title in France.
Security forces in Burkina Faso eliminated three of the terrorists who perpetrated the terror attack at a Turkish restaurant in the county's capital, Ouagadougou.
A government official said that hostages are still trapped in the building.
17 were murdered in the attack and 8 were wounded.
Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans.
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day, making it easily the most popular social media site. And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No. 2.
So whether you're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning, or logging on to procrastinate during work, chances are you see the little blue "F'' icon more often than you take a shower.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 percent of Americans who are online use Facebook "almost constantly," while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 12 percent of Americans don't have a Facebook account at all.
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day — 57 percent of women compared to 36 percent of men, according to the poll. Younger people are on Facebook more than older people. About 62 percent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more, while only 30 percent of adults 60 or over do. About 54 percent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day, as do 43 percent of adults aged 45 to 59.
Jim Mazzarese, 73, a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, is one senior who checks Facebook on their phone several times a day when they get notifications. They have a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site.
"It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine, it gets my blood pressure going up — but it's a lot of fun," they said. They appreciate how Facebook has let them connect with people from when they were growing up "100 years ago."
What about the other social media sites?
Seventeen percent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day, and 10 percent say that about Snapchat. For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for their tweets, only 7 percent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day. Just 5 percent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp, and 4 percent say the same of Reddit.
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much?
In a blog post in December, Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform.
Meanwhile, a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being.
Worldwide, Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total, so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day.
———
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
———
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
Such isolation would put at risk the banks' ability to transact with clients across the Continent and to tap the largess of European institutions should another crisis emerge.
On Thursday, the board of one bank, Banco Sabadell, approved the transfer of the lender's headquarters to Alicante, a city on the Mediterranean, 330 miles south of Barcelona, and a place in no danger of ceasing to be part of Spain. By the end of the day, Sabadell's stock had surged more than 6 percent.
On Friday, the Spanish government decreed a legal change giving firms the right to move their headquarters without having to win the approval of shareholders. Soon, CaixaBank convened its board, agreeing on Friday evening to move from Barcelona to Valencia — another city solidly within Spain.
In other industries, like textiles, telecommunications and energy, companies have in recent days made similar moves. All were seemingly intent on foreclosing the possibility of landing in a state of crippling purgatory if Catalonia became independent.
Though the movement of corporate headquarters is merely an exercise in paperwork, it deprives the local government of revenue from corporate taxes. The Catalan leadership accused the Spanish government of inciting businesses to leave as a means of pressuring Catalans to relinquish their independence aspirations. Taking to Twitter, the economic secretary of Catalonia's regional government, Pere Aragonès, said that Madrid was “seeking to punish the Catalan economy.”
The exodus of businesses from Catalonia was unfolding just as Spain had appeared to be emerging from the financial malaise that had seized the country for a decade. From being an example of the joblessness, poverty and despair that had assaulted much of the Continent, Spain was becoming an indicator of a European economy that had regained vigor.
“We have just gotten through a major crisis,” said Carlos Buesa, founder and chief executive of Oryzon Genomics, a Spanish biopharmaceutical firm. “What is happening now gives me a sense of sadness and incredulity. If this political conflict over the Catalan identity continues, the Catalan economy will be impoverished.”
Photo
Investment has been returning to Spain, financing its fast-growing auto industry and a resumption of construction. The unemployment rate has dropped from a terrifying peak of 26 percent to a still-alarming 17 percent. But political turmoil, legal ambiguity and confusion over the basic geography of Spain could prompt a reversal.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Money doesn't like uncertainty,” said Angel Talavera, a senior eurozone economist at Oxford Economics in London and a native of Spain. “As long as this situation is so confusing and no one really knows what's going to happen, money is going to start leaving Spain. Money moves fast.”
On Friday, Madrid was paying 1.7 percent on its 10-year bonds. That was a modest number, far from a sign of the world on fire. Yet it was twice as high as a year earlier. The gap between what investors were demanding for taking on Spanish debt and that for taking on German debt — the least risky asset in Europe — has widened slightly in recent weeks.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The increase to borrowing costs was fueled by a gnawing question: If Catalonia were to depart Spain, what happens to Spain's debt obligations?
“In the sovereign bond market, the only guarantee is that someone should trust the state that issued the debt,” said Nicola Borri, a finance professor at Luiss Guido Carli University in Rome. “Say Spain breaks up. Who is responsible for this debt? Are they going to split it between Catalonia and the rest of Spain?”
Roughly a fifth of Spain's total economic output comes from Catalonia. Whatever territories were to emerge from a divorce, they would be smaller and presumably less creditworthy than the government standing behind Spanish bonds now.
The operative assumption in the marketplace is that Catalan independence will not happen. But markets trade in probabilities. The odds for independence have improved in recent days. Investors are demanding compensation for the elevated risks of holding Spanish debt.
The unease appeared to be amplified by a case of chronic uncertainty fatigue plaguing Europe, especially as Britain pursues its exit from the European Union. Brexit, as that is known, has unleashed a bewildering array of unknowns on the European marketplace, and especially for global banks.
In Spain, unpredictable forces were washing over the economy. The Catalan referendum was held on Sunday. As markets opened on Monday, investors punished banking stocks.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Investors saw the ears of the wolf,” said Miguel Otero Iglesias, a senior analyst at Elcano Royal Institute in Madrid. “If people are willing to put children in front of riot police, they might as well be claiming independence. That's when rational business calculation starts to flounder.”
By the end of trading on Wednesday, Banco Sabadell's shares were down by nearly 10 percent while CaixaBank had suffered an 8 percent plunge.
Among the most heavily regulated products on the planet are pharmaceuticals. On Tuesday, Oryzon Genomics announced that it was moving to Madrid from Barcelona.
“We are at risk of being caught in a situation of legal limbo following a possible unilateral declaration of independence,” said Mr. Buesa, the company's chief executive. Oryzon's share price soon surged by nearly 13 percent.
The rest of Catalonia and Spain do not appear likely to find such a quick fix.
“There is a lot of uncertainty right now,” said Mr. Borri, the finance professor. “Markets are worried.”
In a rare occurrence, two men found beaten and tied to a bridge in the Mexican border city of Reynosa turned out to be alive.
Reynosa and other border cities wracked by drug turf battles have seen the lifeless bodies of drug gang victims hung by their necks from bridges.
But this time, the bound men were tied to a bridge's railing Tuesday but apparently not by their necks. Accompanying the men was a banner signed by a reputed drug capo promising to catch common criminals and leave them for police.
An official with the Tamaulipas state prosecutors' office says the two men are being treated for their injuries. The official was not authorized to talk to the press and insisted on speaking on condition of anonymity.
Religious vocations continue to blossom within the United States Catholic News Service
WASHINGTON, D.C. — The Council of Major Superiors of Women Religious released findings from its annual survey of the communities whose major superiors (or those analogous to a major superior) are members (or associate members) of CMSWR. The data confirm an encouraging trend in the number of young women who are choosing consecrated life. The 2017 report, prepared for the CMSWR by Sister Mary Bendyna, OP, again shows over 900 sisters currently in initial formation, with temporary professed as the largest group followed by novices and postulants. The number of sisters in the initial stages of religious life has remained steady throughout the six years this survey has been conducted, continuing an encouraging trend among CMSWR members and their communities.
“Religious life continues to blossom in the United States,” said Mother Mary McGreevy, RSM Chairperson of the Council of Major Superiors of Women Religious and Superior General of the Religious Sisters of Mercy of Alma. “Amongst responding communities, 165 new postulants were welcomed in 2016. These same communities also received 137 sisters as novices and celebrated 103 first professions and 72 perpetual professions. These numbers indicate that young women today are hearing and responding to God's call for a total gift of self. This encouraging trend is a blessing not only for the individual communities but for the entire Church.”
The survey also asked respondents to indicate the country of birth of each sister who made perpetual profession in 2016. The data showed that the majority of newly perpetually professed sisters (62.5 percent) were born in the United States. The next most common countries of origin this year were Mexico (7 percent) and the Philippines (6 percent).
The average age of the sisters overall is 58 years old, consistent with previous studies. The average age of postulants is 28 years old, of novices 28 years old, and 32.5 years old for temporary professed sisters. About 85 percent of professed sisters are fully engaged in active service, while 15 percent are retired because of age or infirmity. The sisters currently serve in at least 137 dioceses across the United States.
Based on data from the 108 responses gathered from major superiors who represent CMSWR's 120 religious communities, the 2017 report shows a wide range of apostolates that span every field and ministry. The most prevalent areas of outreach are education (20 percent); health care (16 percent); and evangelization, catechesis, and religious education (12 percent). Because the survey asked respondents to count each sister only once, using the category that best describes their primary apostolate, these figures do not reflect the much higher numbers of sisters who actually serve in these and other apostolates. The sisters serve in well over 400 educational institutions and nearly 200 health care facilities, as well as in almost 300 parishes, 50 retreat or spirituality centers, and numerous other institutional and noninstitutional settings.
For more information, visit www.cmswr.org.
* * *
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Now that we have an officially official announcement that Conor McGregor is indeed fighting Floyd Mayweather, the promotion has kicked off in earnest. Dana White stopped by ESPN and agreed with Stephen A. Smith that this fight is great for combat sports as a whole, pushing back against those who think this is a blight on boxing, and Conor McGregor has already made a dig at Floyd Mayweather, much to the internet's delight.
Now the first conference call between the people who set up the fight — Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe, UFC President Dana White and Showtime's Stephen Espinoza clarified what's going on here.
Dana White doesn't believe Conor losing, even definitevely, will hurt the UFC brand. Or even Conor McGregor. They Believe it elevates McGregor.
Dana says this fight elevates Mcgregor. hes confident they will win this fight, its one of the reasons why people love mcgregor — Fight Hub TV (@FightHubTV) June 15, 2017
"Is conor the level of a mayweather? no? Dana says floyd has trouble with southpaws. when conor hits you, you go" Dana White — marcos villegas (@heyitsmarcosv) June 15, 2017
The domestic cadaver trade was active, functional and profitable for much of the 19th century. Fueled by demand from medical schools' need for specimens for anatomy classes, it was a booming business. Typically, the supply of bodies consisted of executed criminals and unclaimed corpses from almshouses and prisons.
But when these sources fell short, physicians and students alike looked elsewhere. Some anatomy professors personally sent agents to work with professional body snatchers who stole bodies from pauper cemeteries.
Body snatchers like Grandison Harris of Georgia and Chris Baker of Virginia collected specimens for dissection for the benefit of medical colleges. While they received room, board and modest wages for the bodies they collected, they were also enslaved African-American men themselves, listed as “janitors” or “porters” in the medical schools' records.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
According to faculty minutes of the Medical College of Georgia from an 1852 meeting, the dean of the college purchased Harris at a Charleston, S.C., auction for $700, equivalent to about $22,000 today.
Baker was born at the Medical College of Virginia (Virginia Commonwealth University today) to enslaved parents who worked at the college. Thus the school did not need to purchase them — being born to an enslaved woman meant he, too, was enslaved. Both men were central in acquiring cadavers used for dissection.
Having the two body snatchers in the building where anatomy professors taught and performed dissections gave the schools an advantage in recruiting. The medical colleges boasted about their ample supplies of subjects for dissection, a necessary component for training in human anatomy.
Enslaved people like Harris and Baker who were forced to rob graves were complicated and important historical figures, and their stories remind us we have much to learn from the legacy of slavery in the United States.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It's well known that the effects of this chapter of American history, during which human beings were bought and sold, still reverberate today. As President Barack Obama emphasized last year in an interview with Trevor Noah of “The Daily Show,” America “has by no means overcome the legacy of slavery.”
I would add that we are still discovering it.
It's nearly impossible to find history textbooks that discuss the cadaver trade or the role enslaved people like Harris and Baker played in it. Aside from Craig S. Wilder and Michael Sappol, until recently, few scholars have considered what I refer to as the “ghost value” of the bodies of deceased enslaved people traded throughout the United States for medical education.
Medical schools regularly purchased bodies from men like Harris and Baker. In Richmond, Va., where Baker brought the bodies they acquired, adult cadavers cost $12, mothers and their infants cost $15, and children from ages 4 to 10 were worth $8.
That schools had payment schedules for this expense speaks volumes about the routine nature of the trade.
American medical schools must finally acknowledge and atone for this.
In the same way that Georgetown University and schools such as Brown, Yale, Harvard, the University of Virginia and the College of William and Mary have come clean about the role of enslaved people in their founding, other schools should open their records and confirm their involvement in the domestic cadaver trade.
We will be a more informed nation because of it.
Expressing concern over increasing number of child rapes in Delhi, Delhi Commission for Women Chairperson Swati Maliwal wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking death penalty of the child rapists. The DCW chairperson said in the past two years, they have written numerous foretters to PM Modi and all of them went unanswered. They said, PM Modi has the responsibility for providing safety and security to these women and girls in the nation. I expect some contribution from your side in this cause, they added.
Expressing concern over increasing number of child rapes in Delhi, Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) Chairperson Swati Maliwal wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday seeking death penalty for those who rape minors. In their letter which comes after an eight-month-old girl was raped here last week, they demanded that “a system should be created” where those who rape a girl child should be given a death sentence. “I want to divert your attention towards the incident where an eight-month-old girl was raped. This little girl is suffering and fighting for their life at AIIMS,” Swati Maliwal wrote to Prime Minister.
The DCW chairperson said in the past two years, they have written numerous letters to PM Modi — all of which have gone unanswered. “It is not only the rape of these children but it is my rape. I have written to you earlier many times but you choose not to reply. Sir, you are a ray of hope for all the girls including me. You have the responsibility for providing safety and security to these women and girls.” Maliwal recently announced a one-month Satyagraha to protest against the rape case and demanded implementation of strict laws to curb crime rate against women in Delhi.
“I am on a 30-day Satyagrah since the last four days. I will not go to my home during these days but will work in office in the day time, and in the night I will go to different places for inspection and will do double work. I am doing this satyagrah to wake up this sleeping system. I expect some contribution from your side in this cause. I request you to meet the eight-month-old girl,” Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) Chairperson Swati Maliwal said.
Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ AMZN), announced that California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly), one of the top engineering schools in the nation, will migrate all core applications to AWS. By choosing the cloud with the most functionality, the fastest pace of innovation, the largest ecosystem of customers and partners, and the most proven operating and security expertise, Cal Poly is well positioned to offer the best in class student experience.
Faced with aging IT and the need to expand its infrastructure, Cal Poly is transforming its IT operations by going all-in on AWS. By moving to AWS, Cal Poly is avoiding an $8-10 million data center build, and in addition, estimates saving $3.5 million on its current infrastructure costs over the next three years. Cal Poly is migrating all core applications to AWS, including learning management systems (LMS), payroll, database services, mobile applications, data warehouse, content management service, security applications, student scheduling and advising services, among others. Cal Poly will also launch the "Cal Poly Digital Transformation Hub, Powered by AWS," a collaboration that will help government agencies across California move to the cloud by developing technology solutions designed to address the unique digital transformation challenges public sector agencies face.
"Cal Poly's motto is 'Learn by Doing,' and as an institution focused on technology, what better way to embody that than by transforming our own IT infrastructure and going all-in with the world's leading cloud provider, AWS? Because AWS offers the broadest and deepest set of functionality and superior performance and security, we'll be able to leverage the latest and greatest technologies as we innovate on behalf of our students," said Jeffrey Armstrong, President, Cal Poly. "We're also very excited to launch the Cal Poly Digital Transformation Hub powered by AWS. As a public institution based in California, we're thrilled to have the opportunity to team with AWS to help other public organizations solve their digital challenges using the power of the cloud."
"As the leading cloud provider with over a decade of experience, we've seen educational institutions across the world benefit from AWS's cost savings, scalability, and agility," said Teresa Carlson, Vice President, Worldwide Public Sector at AWS. "We're so pleased that Cal Poly raised the bar by not only moving its infrastructure to the cloud, but also working with AWS to launch the Cal Poly Digital Transformation Hub, giving an opportunity for its students to also use cloud technology and have an even broader impact on citizens. This is a great example of how technology can act as a catalyst to help make the world a better place."
Cal Poly joins the growing list of customers going all-in on AWS, including 3M Health Information Systems, AOL, Acquia, Ancestry, Atlassian, Australia Health District, Blackboard, Change Healthcare, Discovery Communications, Dole, City of McKinney Texas, Clark Construction, DigitalGlobe, Edmunds.com, Ellucian, Eliza Corporation, Enel, Fast Retailing, FINRA, GameStop, Hertz, Intuit, Juniper Networks, Kempinski, LexisNexis, Live Nation, Magazine Luiza, Matson, MetGlobal, Ministry of Justice UK, MPAC, Motorola, National Democratic Institute, Netflix, Nordstrom, Pristine, Qlik, Smiles, Sony New Media Solutions, Splunk, Suncorp Group, Talen Energy, The Guardian, Time Inc., Trainline, Twilio, University of Notre Dame, Vend, Vidyard, and Zillow.
About Amazon Web Services
For 11 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 90 fully featured services for compute, storage, networking, database, analytics, application services, deployment, management, developer, mobile, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), security, hybrid, and enterprise applications, from 42 Availability Zones (AZs) across 16 geographic regions in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world - including the fastest growing startups, the largest enterprises, and leading government agencies - to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com.
About Amazon
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
About Cal Poly
Founded in 1901 and part of the renowned California State University system since 1960, Cal Poly is a nationally ranked, four-year, comprehensive polytechnic public university located in San Luis Obispo, Calif. Known for its Learn by Doing approach, small class sizes and open access to expert faculty, Cal Poly is a distinctive learning community whose 21,000 academically motivated students enjoy an unrivaled hands-on educational experience that prepares them to lead successful personal and professional lives. For more information, visit www.calpoly.edu.
UPROXX/Getty Image
Self-driving cars, or at least more autonomous cars, are inevitable. But they're also still experimental technology, to some degree, and as they proliferate in American life, inevitably there are going to be problems. Sadly, the most expected problem has arrived: A pedestrian was struck and killed in Arizona by a self-driving car.
The vehicle, operated by Uber in Tempe, AZ, struck an unidentified woman in the early morning hours, reports the New York Times. It appears they were walking outside the crosswalk, and the car was operating autonomously with a human at the wheel. Unfortunately, the driver was unable to see the pedestrian or stop the car in time. Uber has now temporarily off-lined its autonomous car tests in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto while it cooperates with authorities on the fatality.
The main question will be just how this happened. One of the fundamental problems with self-driving cars is that they're robots, and robots don't tend to handle sudden, rapid changes in their environment well. Advocates for autonomous cars tend to blame user error, but the simple truth is the technology that helps humans understand robot reactions, and vice versa, is still very much a work in progress. Without keeping that in mind, this won't be the last time a self-driving car is a potential risk.
(via New York Times)
Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening. See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.
India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle is scheduled to fire into orbit early Wednesday with 104 satellites on-board, setting a record for the largest flock of spacecraft ever launched on a single rocket.
Most of the payloads cocooned inside the PSLV's nose shroud are as small as a toaster oven, set to join commercial fleets tasked with daily imaging of the Earth and the collection of weather data to improve forecast models.
The 145-foot-tall (44-meter), four-stage PSLV is set for liftoff at 0358 GMT Wednesday (10:58 p.m. EST Tuesday) from the Satish Dhawan Space Center, India's launch base on the coast of the Bay of Bengal.
The launch is scheduled for 9:28 a.m. local time in India.
The prime passenger aboard the rocket is the Indian Space Research Organization's Cartosat 2D environmental satellite, a 1,574-pound (714-kilogram) observatory to help analysts update maps, plan urban and rural infrastructure, monitor coastlines and track water usage.
Deployment pods mounted on the PSLV's upper stage also hold 96 CubeSats made by Planet and Spire Global, two San Francisco companies adding to commercial satellite constellations.
Planet's 88 spacecraft awaiting blastoff will nearly double the number of satellites the company has launched since its founding in 2010. The majority of Planet's orbiting camera platforms have been ejected from the International Space Station in orbits that do not fly over the entire globe, while the satellites going up from India will launch into polar orbit, enabling worldwide coverage.
The small 10.3-pound (4.7-kilogram) CubeSats, nicknamed “Doves,” carry a sharp-eyed camera, extendable solar panels, and high-speed data transmitters to beam images to antennas around the world. Each “flock” of Planet satellites debuts upgraded technology, with the suite of spacecraft launching Wednesday named “Flock 3p.”
“This is the fifteenth time Planet is launching Dove satellites; and it will be our biggest launch to date,” Planet wrote in an update on its website earlier this month. “Combined with the 12 satellites of Flock 2p operating in a similar orbit, this launch will enable Planet's 100 satellite “line scanner” constellation of Doves. With our RapidEye satellites and Doves operating in other orbits, Planet will be imaging the entire Earth daily.”
Planet's satellites do not have the high resolution of larger, more expensive Earth observatories — like those owned and operated by DigitalGlobe — but their large numbers allow customers to refresh views of a specific location on the ground more often.
The launch of 88 Dove satellites comes less than two weeks after Planet announced the acquisition of Terra Bella from Google, which has a constellation of seven higher-resolution spacecraft capable of recording high-definition video during passes over ground targets.
Eight 10.1-pound (4.6-kilogram) Lemur satellites owned by Spire Global are also set for launch Wednesday.
The shoebox-sized craft carry GPS radio occultation antennas, using satellite navigation signals passed through Earth's atmosphere to derive temperature and humidity profiles that can be fed into numerical forecast models.
Spire's satellites also track ships out of range of terrestrial receivers.
The company has launched a total of 21 CubeSats, some of which have ended their missions.
Spire won a $370,000 contract from NOAA in September to supply pilot data for the weather agency to determine the information's usefulness. If the pilot program proves fruitful, NOAA could place an order for more weather data from Spire and other commercial satellite startups to supplement measurements from government-owned satellites.
Seattle-based Spaceflight Services booked the Spire satellites aboard India's PSLV mission, along with an Israeli CubeSat named BGUSat developed by Israel Aerospace Industries and Ben Gurion University. BGUSat, conceived as an educational research project, will take pictures of clouds from space and measure atmospheric background radiation.
The other international payloads stowed for Wednesday's launch are four CubeSats for institutes and companies in the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates and Kazakhstan.
The Piezo Electric Assisted Smart Satellite Structure, or PEASSS, project will validate a new class of composite structures and power systems for future space missions.
Backed by European Union research and development funding, the PEASS mission will help “develop, manufacture, test and qualify ‘smart structures' which combine composite panels, piezoelectric materials, and next-generation sensors, for autonomously improved pointing accuracy and power generation in space,” officials wrote on the mission website.
“Smart structures will enable fine angle control, thermal and vibration compensation, improving all types of future Earth observations, such as environmental and planetary mapping, border and regional imaging,” according to mission officials.
The 6.6-pound (3-kilogram) PEASSS spacecraft was developed by a consortium of Dutch companies and scientific institutes.
The Swiss-headquartered company SpacePharma is launching its first satellite Wednesday. Named DIDO 2, the 9.3-pound (4.2-kilogram) CubeSat is the first in a line of small spacecraft SpacePharma hopes to send into orbit hosting miniature microgravity research experiments.
The student-built Al-Farabi 1 and Nayif 1 CubeSats from Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates, respectively, are also heading to space on the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. Al-Farabi 1 will test out a communications system, and Nayif 1 carries an amateur radio transponder.
The 101 international CubeSats are stored inside 25 “QuadPacks” built by Innovative Solutions in Space, a Dutch firm specializing in arranging rideshare launches for small satellites.
Two Indian nanosatellites, named INS 1A and 1B, round out the 104 spacecraft awaiting blastoff.
INS 1A and 1B, each weighing about 20 pounds (9 kilograms), will demonstrate a new type of camera and gather measurements of Earth's atmosphere and the space environment.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
US actor Harrison Ford has been involved in a near-miss while flying their plane in California, US media say.
They say Ford, aged 74, was instructed to land on a runway at John Wayne airport in Orange Country on Monday.
But instead they mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a waiting American Airlines plane with 110 passengers and crew on board.
That plane safely departed minutes later. Ford has not commented on the reported incident.
Just before the landing, the Indiana Jones star is quoted as asking air traffic controllers: “Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?”
The Federal Aviation Authority confirmed that the pilot of the single-engine Aviat Husky plane had been cleared to land on the runway.
But it declined to confirm that the pilot was in fact Harrison Ford.
The incident was first reported by NBC and the TMZ website.
The actor, who is a certified pilot, has been involved in several air accidents.
In 2015, they were injured when their vintage plane crashed on a golf course in Los Angeles.
In 1999, Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in Los Angeles but both they and the instructor were unhurt.
They have been in accidents out of the cockpit too, breaking their leg in 2014 while filming a scene involving a door on the Millennium Falcon spaceship.
Ford took up flying when they were in their 50s and owns several aircraft. BBC News
As speculation mounts over the Prime Minister's future, here is a look at how Theresa May could be replaced.
According to Conservative Party rules, a leadership contest can be triggered in two ways, with the most obvious being if Mrs May resigns.
If the PM is determined to stay, a leadership election can be triggered if 15% of Tory MPs write to Graham Brady, the chairperson of the 1922 Committee - made up of backbench Conservative MPs - saying they no longer have confidence in the leader.
Some 48 MPs would be needed to oust Mrs May with the party's current crop of 318 MPs, including the speaker and deputy speaker.
Once that threshold is crossed, Mr Brady would announce the start of the leadership contest and invite nominations, with candidates needing the support of at least two MPs to get on to the ballot paper.
If there is only one candidate, they will be automatically declared leader.
But if multiple MPs are successfully nominated, Tory MPs then vote, with the candidate achieving the lowest number of votes forced out of the race, until only two candidates remain.
Conservative Party members then vote for their preferred candidate on a "one member, one vote" basis, with the winner becoming the new leader.
When David Cameron resigned following the EU referendum, five Tory MPs stood for the leadership.
Mrs May and Andrea Leadsom were due to go to the ballot of the Conservative Party membership.
But Mrs May was formally confirmed as the new leader after Mrs Leadsom pulled out of the race.
In 2005, Conservative Party members chose Mr Cameron over David Davis, while in 2003 Iain Duncan Smith was ousted as leader after the chairperson of the 1922 Committee received 25 letters from Tory MPs.
Michael Howard was then elected leader as the only nominated MP to replace him.
Despite sustaining an injury at this morning's shooting at a GOP congressional baseball team practice in northern Virginia, Rep. Chuck Fleischmann told ABC News that they would be joining their fellow lawmakers to play in Thursday's annual charity game.
"We're all Americans. We all love this country and I hope that out of this tragedy, we can actually bring together some unity, some common ground," the Tennessee Republican told ABC News anchor David Muir.
Five people, including the gunman, who was killed, and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana, were shot in today's incident. The lawmakers were practicing in Alexandria's Del Ray neighborhood in Virginia. Fleischmann injured their right hand as they desperately tried to avoid being shot.
How the harrowing shooting at a GOP congressional baseball practice in Virginia unfolded
GOP senator recalls 'burst of gunfire' at Virginia baseball field: 'People were dropping'
Fleischmann told the "World News Tonight" anchor that they were preparing to leave the baseball field after practice today, when they heard "one, single, loud pop."
"I didn't realize at first it was a gunshot," they said. "Very shortly thereafter there was a barrage of shots. It was, it was sickening. It was saddening. And there were a lot of shots -- easily 30 to 50, maybe more."
Fleischmann said they immediately got on the ground and ended up in the dugout. That's where they and others were hurt as everyone dove into the dugout to avoid the gunfire.
They told Muir that they later found out that the suspect, identified by authorities later today as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, had actually passed them at one point.
Authorities said police returned fire on Hodgkinson and they later died at a hospital from their injuries.
"I was very fortunate not to have been shot," Fleischmann said. "The Capitol Police did a tremendous job. ... It's just a very, very sad day."
It started with a Facebook conversation with a stranger, then progressed to Skype exchanges, declarations of affection and promises to meet up in person.
By the time Louise, 56, contacted police roughly a year later, they still hadn't met their online connection — but they had sent roughly $100,000 overseas at their request, and spent another $25,000 on travel and related expenses.
“He was very charming, very nice,” said Louise, who did not want their full name used in order to protect their privacy. “I thought they were sincere, that they would pay me back.”
With people increasingly looking for love online, RCMP are warning Canadians to protect their wallets as well as their hearts.
Some 748 people lost more than $17 million to online dating scams last year, the force said as it urged anyone using apps or websites to find dates to be cautious.
The victims are largely in their mid-40s to late 50s, with each gender as likely to fall prey to scams, said Sgt. Guy-Paul Larocque. Some, like Louise, have been cheated out of more than $100,000, they said.
“It's devastating, some of them have lost all their savings… It hurts their pride as well,” they said.
“The victims are basically falling for that person, they have some type of affection going on, and the scammers take advantage of that,” they said. “We've all fallen in love, we know the high when we think we've found the person that we've been looking for, and from there we can become very vulnerable.”
Louise said they spoke for months before the man asked for money, and even then, it was small amounts, purportedly to help them deal with unexpected expenses related to their exporting business, they said.
Over time, those expenses ballooned and they began asking for tens of thousands of dollars at a time, vowing to reimburse her, they said.
They grew suspicious in September of last year when they made plans to meet in Toronto but they never showed up, claiming he'd been detained in the Ivory Coast after getting caught with an ivory bracelet meant for them
The financial loss has meant pushing back retirement, said Louise, adding the bank put limits on their credit. They have also had to leave their home in Fort MacMurray, Alta., and move in with their mother in northeastern Ontario.
They filed a report with the RCMP in Fort MacMurray and they are investigating, but no arrests have been made.
The experience has caused Louise tremendous stress and made them far more vigilant online, they said.
RCMP said many people who fall prey to such scams are reluctant to report the crime, out of embarrassment or — in the case of older people — out of fear that they will lose independence as concerned family members step in.
Scammers create fake online profiles in order to gain someone's trust then ask for money, often claiming to be faced with an emergency, RCMP said. That can involve fake social media profiles as well as those on dating sites or apps.
Some red flags to watch for include someone professing their love before meeting in person, or claiming to be from the same town but working overseas, which may be a setup to ask for money later, the force said.
The best solution is to simply not send anyone money, it said.
RCMP also said there are safety risks with online dating because it's difficult to verify a person's identity or motivations before meeting them.
They recommend having the first date in a public place and arranging your own transportation so that the other person doesn't know where you live.
They also suggest telling a friend or family member the person's name and where you're meeting them as well as when you expect to be back.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
A timeline of Salesforce.com, from an upstart cloud company to the biggest SaaS company on the planet
The way the story goes is that Marc Benioff was floating in the sea just off Big Island in their beloved Hawaii during a sabbatical when they thought: why can't buying software be as a simple as Amazon is for consumer goods?
This line of thinking eventually led to Benioff and a team of developers pioneering the software-as-a-service (SaaS) model by delivering its customer relationship management (CRM) software over the internet on a per seat, per month payment plan, instead of deployed on-premise servers under a hefty licensing agreement.
As outlined in Benioff's 2009 book Behind The Cloud: "I started in a rented apartment in 1999 with the goal of making enterprise software as easy to use as a website like ."
Here's a brief timeline of how Salesforce came to exist, and where it is today.
How Salesforce.com was founded
Benioff proved themselves to be something of wunderkind during their time at enterprise technology giant Oracle, where they were promoted to vice president at the age of just 23.
Benioff went on to found Salesforce in March 1999, alongside three software developers from Left Coast Consulting: Parker Harris, Dave Moellenhoff, and Frank Dominguez.
As outlined in Behind The Cloud, the idea was to "make software easier to purchase, simpler to use, and more democratic without the complexities of installation, maintenance and constant upgrades". Salesforce customers now get new features delivered to them via the web three times a year.
The company soon went public in June 2004 under the stock symbol CRM and raised $110 million. Oracle founder Larry Ellison was an early investor, and something of a mentor to Benioff.
Building the platform
Salesforce went on to launch a number of products aside from its core CRM software, which is branded for different verticals - Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud, Service Cloud and Commerce Cloud - all billed on a subscription basis.
The company soon expanded into platform-as-a-service (PaaS) for developers to create apps on Salesforce - App Cloud - before tying them all together under the 'Customer Success Platform' in October 2014.
Salesforce soon started adding new capabilities to its platform, primarily through acquisitions, starting with the 2010 acquisition of PaaS company Heroku.
Then came the somewhat surprising 2016 acquisition of Quip, which placed Salesforce into the workplace collaboration market. Then the purchase of MetaMind, the same year, eventually led to the release of Salesforce Einstein, a broad range of AI features baked into the Salesforce platform.
Most recently Salesforce acquired MuleSoft in 2018, and launched Integration Cloud as a result.
Finances
The hire of Keith Block to become COO, after their firing from Oracle in 2013, has proved to be somewhat pivotal to Salesforce's ongoing growth.
Benioff hailed the executive at the time as "the best sales executive" in enterprise software history. Block has driven more vertical-specific solutions, made in-roads into lucrative enterprise customers and has helped push the company towards its long-term goal of a $10 billion run rate, which it hit in 2017.
Salesforce announced in its Q2 2018 financial results that it had bypassed the $10 billion run rate figure, with Benioff saying at the time: "We had a phenomenal quarter of growth, reaching a huge milestone for the company, becoming the first enterprise cloud software company to break the $10 billion revenue run rate."
Benioff quickly moved on though, telling CNBC that they were already eyeing a $20 billion run rate. During an interview on CNBC's Money Matters Benioff said: "We are on the fast track to $20 billion, and that is all that is on my mind right now, how fast we can get to 20. I have never been more excited about getting to 20, because 10 is behind me, and you always need to be looking to the future."
Real estate
Read more: Salesforce could buy MuleSoft
As its balance sheet has grown Salesforce has also grown a sizeable, and well-branded, global real estate footprint.
The crown jewel for the company is the recently opened Salesforce Tower in Downtown San Francisco, which is the second tallest skyscraper in America west of the Mississippi. Benioff wrote in Behind The Cloud that Salesforce would always be based in their native San Francisco.
Salesforce also has naming rights for a skyscraper in London at 110 Bishopsgate.
The company has more than 50 global offices to date.
Events
Benioff has always been a big exponent of events as a marketing channel. Salesforce ran its first conference - Dreamforce - in San Francisco back in 2003, with just over 1,000 attendees.
It upgraded to the Moscone Centre in 2005 and today it takes over downtown San Francisco, with 171,000 registered attendees.
The Dreamforce concert, Dreamfest, has also become legendary, with bands like The Killers and The Foo Fighters closing the event, and even Bono playing to a packed Cow Palace and going off on a trademark rant back in 2016.
National Kidney Foundation of Louisiana (NKFL) is hosting a free health screening to help people learn if they are at an increased risk for kidney disease. The screening is Saturday, April 28 at Shady Grove Missionary in Baker, Louisiana.
“Currently, Louisiana ranks #1 per capita in incidences of chronic kidney disease because of the high prevalence of high blood pressure and diabetes in our population,” said Torie Kranze, CEO of the National Kidney Foundation of Louisiana.
LOUISIANA KIDNEY DISEASE CASES
460,000 people with chronic kidney disease
10,000 on dialysis
1,800 on transplant list
RELATED: Are you at risk for kidney disease?
Numerous studies have shown that uncontrolled diabetes and/or hypertension are associated with an increased risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD). Screening people who are hypertensive or diabetic, or who have family members with these conditions and/or kidney disease, is a productive way of identifying a high percentage of people who may be at increased risk.
KEEPING YOUR KIDNEYS HEALTHY EVENT
Saturday, April 28
8:30 a.m. – noon
Shady Grove Missionary
16443 Plank Road
Baker, LA
Cost: FREE
KIDNEY SCREENING
Blood pressure
Weight
Body mass index (BMI)
Urinalysis
Blood draw
Participants will also have the chance to speak with a physician on-site about their risk factors and test results.
All participants must be at least 18 years old. You are encouraged to schedule an appointment for this screening by calling 504- 861-4500.
Kidney disease is the 9th leading cause of death in the United States, causing more deaths than breast cancer or prostate cancer each year. Thirteen people die each day while waiting for a kidney transplant.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
It seems strange seeing my name on the HOT ROD masthead after more than a dozen years with Car Craft. Always the scrappy upstart, CC is the yappy dog nipping on HRM's heels, and we always took a bit of perverse pleasure when we scooped HOT ROD on something.
Nevertheless, here I am, and I'm bringing Shop Talk, my former editor's column in Car Craft with me. The name of the column suits me: I live in a garage in South Los Angeles and am therefore surrounded by cars and parts. Currently, I'm cohabitating with my 1967 C10 and 1993 GMC Sierra, a 1985 Camaro, four engine blocks, an Easy Run Engine Test Stand, and hundreds of miscellaneous parts and tools. If I'm not out driving or doing “work stuff” on the computer, I'm usually working on or under one of those vehicles.
I grew up with a passionate love of cars—fixing and improving them, but always with an eye toward form and performance, rather than style and appearance. This ethos was further ingrained in me during my time with Car Craft, and my goal is to bring some of that to this great institution, the oldest in our company's long history. More than just a magazine, HOT ROD is a living and evolving community of enthusiasts who take pride in the work they do. We in the media can elevate that work, and at the same time, support and encourage new members to be inspired to make their mark in the community as well. Let me know what you're working on, and what you want to see more of online and within these pages.
Who Will Replace Zubin Mehta as the Israeli Philharmonic's Maestro?
Zubin Mehta will only hand over their baton in 2019, but rumors are already rife about their successor. Will they or they be able to bring back the orchestra's innovative repertoire of three or four decades ago?
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
Guisborough Town have won their appeal against relegation from Division One of the Ebac Northern League.
They lodged an appeal with the FA, who had decided that the third-bottom side would be demoted.
Their success means that 22 teams will compete in Division One, with 21 in the second tier.
Club secretary Keith Smeltzer said: “We're very grateful to the FA to agreeing to reverse their original decision.
“Our case was that the league had recommended that the First Division should comprise 22 clubs. We also argued that a number of other leagues at our level in the national system operated their top division with either 20 or 22 clubs.
“We're looking forward to First Division football at the King George V Ground next season.”
Meanwhile, Northern League club Bishop Auckland last night made three signings.
They snapped up prolific Tow Law striker Matty Moffat, Dunston UTS's Luke Gilhespy and Stockton Town's Cameron Wilson.
WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--The 2018 Race for Every Child benefitting Children's National Health System expects to raise $1.65M to ensure world-class care is available for every child in need, regardless of ability to pay. The 5K run/walk and Kids Dash will be held on Saturday, October 20, at Freedom Plaza in Washington, DC.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006370/en/
Crossing the finish line of the Race for Every Child helps Children's National provide world-class care for every child in need, regardless of ability to pay. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Our son Ari was given a 1-2% chance to live, but Children's National gave us six unforgettable months with him,” said Heather and Jeff Goldman, 2018 Race for Every Child co-chairs. “We miss them each and every day, and the Race for Every Child allows us to celebrate Ari's life with family and friends and to say ‘thank you' to Children's National. The Race for Every Child gives our entire community the opportunity to support the incredible work of Children's National.”
Registration is now open at RaceForEveryChild.org and discounted early-bird registration rates will be available until June 15. Participants can create or join a team, sign up as an individual or virtual participant, or simply donate. The half-day event features a wide range of family-friendly activities at Freedom Plaza, including:
A USATF-certified 5K course down Pennsylvania Avenue for runners and walkers 100-yard Kids Dash for children ages 3 to 10 with Dr. Bear participant medals Awards ceremony for top finishers, fundraisers, and teams Meet and greets with superheroes, mascots, and Children's National's own Dr. Bear Family-fun activities including games, obstacle courses, live entertainment, balloon art, food trucks, and more
“The Race for Every Child really is ‘a Saturday like no other,'” said Dr. Kurt Newman, president and CEO of Children's National Health System. “The entire community – runners and walkers, families and our staff – unites to celebrate pediatric health and to rally behind Children's National. Everyone's participation makes a tremendous impact on kids, now and in the future.”
Since 2013, the Race for Every Child has rallied more than 16,000 runners and walkers, raised more than $5.8 million, and impacted more than 1 million children throughout Maryland, Virginia and Washington, DC. Proceeds help save lives and build strong, healthy futures for children by supporting innovative therapies, research, wellness and education programs, and family support services.
The 2018 Race for Every Child is generously supported by sponsors Trammell Crow Company & CBRE, Clark Construction Group, LLC, Costco Wholesale, CubeSmart, J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation, L.F. Jennings, NFP | The Meltzer Group, Carrie & David Marriott, Foulger-Pratt, KCIC, Specialists on Call, Polar Beverages, Bryan Cave LLP, The Chevy Chase Land Company, HITT Contracting Inc., Aetna, Array, ECS Mid-Atlantic, HGA, JBG SMITH, Miller & Long DC, Pioneer Building Services, Telos Corporation, VIKA Companies, LLC, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Shalom Baranes Associates, and SkyHop.
To learn more about the event and sponsorship opportunities, please contact Erica Baca at 301-565-8577 or ebaca@childrensnational.org.
About Children's National Health System
Children's National Health System, based in Washington, D.C., has been serving the nation's children since 1870. Children's National is #1 for babies and ranked in every specialty evaluated by U.S. News & World Report including placement in the top 10 for: Cancer (#7), Neurology and Neurosurgery (#9) Orthopedics (#9) and Nephrology (#10). Children's National has been designated two times as a Magnet® hospital, a designation given to hospitals that demonstrate the highest standards of nursing and patient care delivery. This pediatric academic health system offers expert care through a convenient, community-based primary care network and specialty outpatient centers. Home to the Children's Research Institute and the Sheikh Zayed Institute for Pediatric Surgical Innovation, Children's National is one of the nation's top NIH-funded pediatric institutions. Children's National is recognized for its expertise and innovation in pediatric care and as a strong voice for children through advocacy at the local, regional and national levels. For more information, visit ChildrensNational.org, or follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006370/en/
CONTACT: Children's National Health System
Erica Baca, 301-565-8577
ebaca@childrensnational.org
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: RUNNING HEALTH HOSPITALS PHILANTHROPY CHILDREN CONSUMER SPORTS FAMILY FUND RAISING GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Children's National Health System
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 03:46 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 03:46 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006370/en
Ministry of Justice ‘failing to meet unambitious green targets'
Image: EAC
The Ministry of Justice has failed to meet its own “unambitious” environmental targets in a number of key areas.
That includes carbon targets, Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method (BREEAM) certification and ultra-low emissions vehicles, according to the Environmental Audit Committee (EAC).
In a damning report, the EAC states it found “significant gaps and weaknesses” in crucial areas, including no mention of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in its Single Departmental Plan and missed its target on domestic flights and carbon reduction in 2014/15.
The Ministry of Justice – which has the second largest estate in government – also exceeded its carbon reduction target for 2019/20 in 2016/17 and was only 1% off on its 2019/20 waste reduction goals in 2016/17.
It incurred delays on its carbon reduction programme – it failed to implement 13 of the 59 projects it had foreseen in 2016/17 – and while the deparrtment made improvements on its 10 Sites of Specific Scientific Inerest, only two of them are in a “favourable condition”.
The report adds less than 1% of the the department's fleet are ultra-low emission vehicles and the EAC believes its greening targets for 2019/20 “are not ambitious enough”.
It questions why BEIS and Defra “allowed the Ministry to set such easy targets”.
The Committee also slams the department's failure to collect final BREEAM certificates for 64% of its refurbishment and new build projects as “unacceptable” as it means the environmental status of these buildings is unknown.
The Ministry is being urged to embed sustainability more in everything it does, follow guidance when making policy and providing guidance to staff and contractors as well as improving oversight and governance of sustainability.
Chair Mary Creagh MP adds: “As the government launches its 25-year environment plant, this key Ministry should lead from the front by reducing its environmental footprint.
“The Ministry is failing to meet many of its own ambitious targets. It should ensure that it delivers on its current environmental commitments and set new, ambitious targets as soon as possible.”
The Ministry of Justice claims it has reduced its carbon emissions by 30% since 2010 but acknowledges “there are areas for improvement”.
A spokesperson adds: “The department takes its environmental responsibilities very seriously and we welcome the report.
“We are working hard to address the recommendations of the report and we will provide a formal response in due course.”
Minister Miri Regev announces that their ministry will fund the security detail for Hapoel Be'er Sheva's upcoming game in Turkey.
Culture and Sport Minister Miri Regev (Likud) announced on Sunday night that their ministry will fund the security detail for the Hapoel Be'er Sheva soccer team's upcoming game in Turkey against Besiktas.
"As recommended by the security agencies, security at a significant financial cost is required to secure the state champion Hapoel Be'er Sheva during its trip to Turkey," said Regev in a statement.
"I've instructed my ministry to pay for the extra security costs, given the recent sensitive security situation, and these costs will not be imposed on the team,” they continued.
The announcement follows Saturday night's shooting attack in Istanbul, in which 39 people, including an Arab Israeli woman, were murdered.
The attack came three weeks after two explosions outside Besiktas's home stadium in Istanbul killed 29 people and wounded 166.
Regev noted on Sunday night that many fans have been asking them whether they should fly to Turkey for the game, to be held in less than a month, due to the security situation.
"I'm asking the fans to behave according to the guidelines published by the Counterterrorism Bureau,” they said.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The Latest on the appeals of two former allies of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who were convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case (all times local):
Noon
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie convicted in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case say their actions didn't violate federal law.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly argued in federal appeals court on Tuesday that their 2016 convictions should be thrown out because the government misapplied the law when it charged them.
They were convicted in 2016 on fraud, conspiracy and civil rights counts for causing traffic jams to punish a New Jersey mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election.
Baroni faces 24 months in prison, and Kelly faces 18 months.
Their attorneys argued Tuesday that the indictment against them was flawed because there is no recognized right to intrastate travel and because the lane realignment didn't benefit them personally.
___
12:05 a.m.
Two former allies of former Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will try and convince a federal appeals court their convictions in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing case should be reversed.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly are scheduled to argue in court on Tuesday in Philadelphia.
They were convicted in 2016 of carrying out a plot to cause massive traffic jams at the bridge connecting New Jersey and New York to punish a mayor who wouldn't endorse Christie for re-election in 2013.
The plot's architect was former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein, a high school acquaintance of Christie's. They pleaded guilty and testified against Baroni and Kelly.
Christie wasn't charged, but the scandal torpedoed their presidential aspirations in the 2016 Republican primary.
— The power delivery of a CVT is effected by the type of tires on your UTV and where you ride. The guys at EPI Performance are the experts when it comes to setting up a CVT to your riding situations. The Polaris General 1000 is a popular selling model these days, so naturally, EPI has a variety of clutch kits tailored to that machine as well.
There are different Sport Utility clutch kits, based on stock tires, larger tires and even if you ride at higher elevations. The Sand Dune clutch kits are tuned for better power delivery with stock tires or with paddles. The Mudder clutch kit is what you need if your General has larger, aggressive mud tires.
Most of these clutch kits are in the price range of $329.95.
More info here > https://epiperformance.com/1000-general-ebs-2016-17/
Traffic enforcers in Manila will start wearing body cameras this year.
In a statement, the local government said members of the Manila Traffic and Parking Bureau (MTPB) would be required to wear body cameras to prevent “under-the-table” transactions with traffic violators.
According to MTPB chief Dennis Alcoreza, the body camera will serve as evidence on what actually transpires when enforcers are apprehending traffic violators.
ADVERTISEMENT
Alcroreza said it would also serve as protection for the traffic enforcers against rude motorists.
Each body camera costs P8,500 to P12,000.
Last Nov. 28, Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada dismissed over 600 MTPB enforcers.
There are currently 92 enforcers undergoing training to replace those who have been dismissed.
The South boys and the North girls collected victories Saturday in the 53rd North-South Orange County all-star boys and girls basketball games at Cypress College.
Chase Anderson of Trabuco Hills scored a game-high 17 points and Northwood's Jacob Huynh and Devin Owens, along with El Toro's Demetrius Jackson, each added 14 to lead the South to a 113-87 victory against the North.
Lucas Holden of Canyon scored 14 points to lead the North all-stars while Devonte Sexton of Magnolia and Paolo Zubillaga of Pacifica added 12 and 10 points, respectively.
In the girls game, Brea Olinda guard Iyree Jarrett scored 15 points and Rosary TCU-bound center Rebekah Obinma added 14 to lead the North to a 73-59 victory.
Sonora's Lainie James and Brea Olinda's Jasmine Rachal – both headed to Concordia — added nine and eight points, respectively.
Segerstrom's Zoe Velez scored a game-high 16 points for the South while Edison's Ashley Niemand chipped in eight.
RELATED
North, South rosters announced
Aliso Niguel's Sudin, Garden Grove's Frank selected coaches of the year
Catch the LIVE updates of India Vs Bangladesh here:
15:52 IST Ban 46/2 after 10 Overs: Not a pretty good 5 overs for Bangladesh after Bhuvneshwar brought another breakthrough after dismissing Rahman for 19. Bangladesh scoreboard came to standstill after 13 straight dot balls. However, there were few luck deliveries for Bangladesh where they got boundaries but it is not the start that the team was looking for.
15:39 IST 6.5 Over: Bhuvneshwar stuck again and dismissed Sabbir Rahman 19 off 21. Jadeja made no mistake and took a simple but balanced catch to send back Rahman back to pavilion. A simple but balanced catch.
WICKET! 13 dot balls in a row, then Bhuvi gets their second! Sabbir Rahman is caught by Jadeja! Bangladesh 31/2 #BANvIND #CT17 pic.twitter.com/IG4eJJ3M2Z — ICC (@ICC) June 15, 2017
15:31 IST Ban 31/1 after 5 overs: After losing a wicket in the very first over, Bangladesh managed it well and regulated the scoreboard with boundaries and singles. It was a jolt for Ban after Bhuvneshwar dismissed Soumya Sarkar for a duck. But with the combination of S Rahman and Tamim, the team picked up well. Skipper Kohli got a bit aggressive during the fifth over when a chance to run out Tamim was missed.
India gets its first breakthrough as Bhuvneshwar dismisses Soumya Sarkar for a duck. Ban 1/1 after first over.
India wins the toss and elect to bowl first.
The toss has been delayed due to drizzle at Edgbaston.
India takes on Bangladesh in the high-stake 2nd semi-final at the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 at Edgbaston. Ahead of the match skipper Virat Kohli said, “We will treat this as our last game, as Bangladesh cannot be taken for granted.”
While the team looks all pumped after their massive win against South Africa, the players just need to play another perfect game.
Speaking about the defending champions, Bangladesh's Habibul Bashar said, “India are the defending champions it's no secret that they will be under more pressure.”
India and Bangladesh have clashed with each other on seven occasions and India have triumphed six times. The Last victory that Bangladesh registered against India was way back in 2007.
Squads
The team sheets are in! Both sides are unchanged! #BANvIND pic.twitter.com/N7cylocjMQ — ICC (@ICC) June 15, 2017
India: Virat Kohli (captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Kedar Jadhav, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Umesh Yadav, Ajinkya Rahane, Ravichandran Ashwin, Dinesh Karthik, Mohammed Shami.
Bangladesh: Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Tamim Iqbal, Imrul Kayes, Soumya Sarkar, Sabbir Rahaman, Mahmudullah Riyadh, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Rubel Hossain, Mustafizur Rahaman, Taskin Ahmed, Mehedi Hossain Miraz, Mossadek Hossain, Sunzamul Islam, Shafiul Islam.
Marwan Barghouti, pictured during their 2003 trial, has called for a widespread hunger strike for Palestinians in Israeli jails (AFP Photo/TAL COHEN)
Ramallah (Palestinian Territories) (AFP) - Hundreds of Palestinians in Israeli jails launched a hunger strike Monday following a call from leader and prominent prisoner Marwan Barghouti, a movement that could mark a serious challenge to Israeli authorities if sustained.
The hunger strike was called in connection with Palestinian Prisoners Day, observed annually, but also ahead of commemorations this summer marking 50 years since the 1967 Six-Day War and the start of Israel's occupation.
Israel Prisons Service spokesperson Assaf Librati said that hunger strikers would be disciplined and later added that Barghouti had been transferred from Hadarim prison to Jalami prison, near Haifa, 48 kilometres (30 miles) to the north.
Qaddura Fares, head of the Palestinian Prisoners' Club which tracks the well-being of Palestinians in Israeli jails, said Barghouti had been placed in solitary confinement, but Librati did not confirm that.
Hunger strikes by Palestinian prisoners occur regularly, but rarely on such a large scale.
Protests were also held in Palestinian cities in connection with Prisoners Day, including one in Bethlehem that led to clashes with Israeli forces.
Barghouti's call for the strike has given it added credibility, with the 57-year-old serving five life sentences over their role in the violent second Palestinian intifada.
 They are popular among Palestinians, with polls suggesting they could win the Palestinian presidency.
Graffiti showing the iconic image of their cuffed hands raised above their head flashing a peace sign while being led away by Israeli authorities can be seen in the West Bank.
"Decades of experience have proved that Israel's inhumane system of colonial and military occupation aims to break the spirit of prisoners and the nation to which they belong, by inflicting suffering on their bodies, separating them from their families and communities, using humiliating measures to compel subjugation," Barghouti wrote in a New York Times op-ed.
"In spite of such treatment, we will not surrender to it."
Issa Qaraqe, head of prisoner affairs for the Palestinian Authority, said that "around 1,300 Palestinian prisoners" were on hunger strike and the number could rise.
The Palestinian Prisoners' Club NGO put the number at 1,500.
- 'Disciplinary measures' -
Librati said that some 1,100 detainees in several prisons had announced their intention to go on hunger strike.
"The prisons service has started taking disciplinary measures against the strikers and in addition a number of prisoners have been transferred to separate wings," they said.
"It is to be emphasised that the (prison service) does not negotiate with prisoners."
Some 6,500 Palestinians are currently detained by Israel for a range of offences and alleged crimes.
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas, in a statement carried by official news agency WAFA, "called on the international community to save the life of the Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails".
Barghouti's wife Fadwa told AFP at a demonstration in Ramallah that prisoners' demands were in line with "international law and recognised as part of human rights".
The last large-scale hunger strike was in February 2013, when 3,000 Palestinians refused to eat for one day in protest at the death of a fellow detainee.
Israel says it must be vigilant to prevent fresh violence, particularly following a wave of knife, gun and car-ramming attacks that erupted in October 2015.
Such incidents have greatly subsided in recent months.
While many Palestinians view Barghouti as a hero, Israelis point to the bloody suicide attacks of the second intifada and their role in the uprising.
- 6,500 jailed -
For Palestinians, the prisons have become a stark symbol of Israel's occupation.
Those on hunger strike have issued a list of demands, including access to phones, extended visiting rights and better medical care.
Israeli public radio reported that Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan has ordered intervention units to be put on standby and a field hospital to be set up outside one prison to avoid having to take sick prisoners to civilian hospitals.
It quoted Erdan as saying that the demands regarding prisoners' conditions were unreasonable.
Some Israeli analysts have sought to highlight the rivalry between Barghouti and Abbas within their Fatah party, suggesting their call for a hunger strike was also related to internal politics.
Amandla Stenberg's latest role is a controversial one, to say the least.
Where Hands Touch stars the 18 year old Actress as Leyna, the 15-year-old daughter of a white German mother and a black father. They star alongside George MacKay, who plays Lutz, the son of a prominent SS officer, and a member of the Hitler Youth. The two, according to a statement from Tantrum films, “They fall helplessly in love, putting their lives at risk as all around them the persecution of Jews and those deemed ‘non-pure' slowly unfolds. Does their love to stand a chance amidst violence and hatred?”
Director Amma Asante told Variety: “It has been a passion of mine to tell this story for many years — to shine a light on the existence of German children of color who were forced to grow up under Hitler's rule, labelled as ‘Rhineland bastards.' Against this historical backdrop, Leyna and Lutz enter a rite of passage negotiating the path to true identity in a society that has turned in on itself and is eating its own tail. Completing this film brings together everything I am as filmmaker.”
Many left comments expressing their discontent and general disappointment, asking how Amandla could accept a part in a movie romanticizing Nazis.
The 18 year old Actress defended the film on Instagram in a separate post.
Amandla was also bombarded with criticism on their Tumblr page, where they continued to defend the film.
What are your thoughts on this upcoming film? Should they have not taken the part? Is it too early to judge?
By Abby Hassler
Lil Uzi Vert just became the world's biggest Marilyn Manson fan by dropping $220,000 on a brand-new chain featuring Manson rocking Mickey Mouse ears, according to TMZ.
Celebrity jeweler Ben Baller presented the chain from IF & Co. Jewelers to Uzi this Sunday (April 16). Uzi wore the new piece, which features 16,000 diamonds and totals 155 carats at Coachella this past weekend.
Related: Iggy Azalea Debuts New Song ‘Can't Lose' with Lil Uzi Vert
On social media, Baller wrote, “@liluzivert goin crazy again. This time I made them a 100-carat VS diamond spiked choker bike chain and a 55-carat black & white diamond Marilyn Manson pendant… This year has been insane. And this is in the top 3 piece I've ever made in my career and Uzi already has a piece in my top 5 as well. @IFANDCO IS THE ONLY SHOP making custom link chains with invisible locks! We're the only ones putting diamond baguettes as teeth inside custom pieces. Remember spaceships don't come equipped with rearview mirrors! 🚀 #LuvIsRage2 coming soon! 🤘🏼 #LILUZI #IFANDCO #MarilynManson #VVS #BlackDiamonds #DiamondBaguettes #CognacDiamonds #CustomJewelry #NOCVDs #GAMEOVER 💀”
Check out Uzi's unusual bling below.
PHOENIX (AP) — A woman who was swept down a backcountry creek in Grand Canyon National Park along with their stepgrandson is an experienced hiker and married to a founder of a popular outdoor footwear company, family members said Monday.
Authorities were searching for Jackson Standefer, 14, and Lou-Ann Merrell, 62, wife of Randy Merrell, who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981.
The pair lost their footing Saturday and fell into the water during a family trip with Randy Merrell and the boy's mother in a remote area of the Arizona park.
Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service.
Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, said the Merrells were avid hikers and knew the area well.
Lou-Ann Merrell is “a very experienced backpacker,” McOmie said. “If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome.”
McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. They said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off.
“The bad part is that they don't have their gear,” McOmie said.
They said rescue workers sent drones to the steepest part of the canyon. The water roars down through rocks, so the family is hoping that the two could be on a rock or have found a cave for shelter, McOmie said.
The drone footage must be analyzed, but the family hopes it shows their location or at least provides clues. Rescue boats were also deployed, the uncle said.
The National Park Service said some searchers would stay in the field overnight and conditions will determine whether they search.
The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson was an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school.
“The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation,” the school said in a statement.
The park service said it's too early to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible.
It also said hikers can use a “sketchy, seldom-used trail” that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but the path should be used only as a last resort.
The group was on a different path known as Tapeats Trail, authorities said.
A call to the boot company's Indiana headquarters wasn't immediately returned.
Ukraine is calling on the International Court of Justice to top Russia allegedly pumping money, arms and troops into the country's war-torn east (AFP Photo/ANDREY BORODULIN)
The Hague (AFP) - In a key moment for the Ukrainian crisis, the UN's highest court will rule Wednesday on a bid by Kiev to stop Russia allegedly pumping money, arms and troops into the country's war-torn east.
Three years into a bloody conflict that has claimed more than 10,000 lives, Ukraine is urging the International Court of Justice to help bring stability to its volatile east.
Kiev is also calling on The Hague-based court to order Moscow to halt what it calls "racial discrimination" against minority groups in the Russian-occupied Crimea peninsula, particularly against its Tatar population.
The ICJ was set up in 1945 to settle disputes between countries in line with international law.
Ukraine lodged its case in January, accusing Russia of violating the Terrorism Financing Convention and an international treaty against racial discrimination. Moscow rejects the allegations.
In its filing, Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, charged Russia with "sponsoring terrorism" by financing pro-Russian separatists and failing to stop military aid from seeping across the border into eastern Ukraine's Donbas region.
It called on the court's 15 judges to rule that "the Russian Federation bears international responsibility" for "acts of terrorism committed by its proxies in Ukraine".
These include the shelling and bombing of civilians and the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, shot down by a Russian-made Buk-missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014.
Ukraine wants Russia to pay compensation to all civilians caught up in the conflict -- one of Europe's bloodiest since the 1990s Balkans wars -- as well as to the families of the 298 victims of MH17.
- Moscow denial -
As it can take months for the ICJ to even decide to hear a case, Ukraine also filed an application seeking interim protection measures.
In the interim application, Ukraine is seeking a court order calling on the tribunal to order Russia to refrain from "any action which might aggravate or extend the dispute" or make it more difficult to resolve, including a halt to the funnelling of money, weapons, equipment and personnel into the east.
It also urges the tribunal to order Moscow to control its borders in eastern Ukraine and halt racial discrimination in the Crimea, particularly against the Tatars.
After hearings in March, the ICJ will rule on the interim application on Wednesday.
Moscow has strongly denied Kiev's terrorism claims, saying they were "neither factual nor legal" and argued that the ICJ does not have jurisdiction over the case.
"The Russian Federation complies fully with its obligations under (the) treaties that are now relied upon by Ukraine," Moscow representative Roman Kolodkin told the court last month.
- 'Ignore the verdict' -
The drawn-out conflict, in which Russia also annexed Ukraine's southern peninsula of Crimea in March 2014, has pushed ties between Moscow and the West to their lowest point since the Cold War.
Although the ICJ's rulings are binding, the court has no power of its own to enforce them.
That would fall onto the UN Security Council, in which Russia -- as a permanent member -- wields a veto power.
International relations expert Ko Colijn, a research fellow at the Clingedael Institute thinktank in The Hague, said Moscow was unlikely to be affected by the ruling.
"I expect them to ignore the verdict, whether it's positive or negative," Colijn told AFP.
Ukrainian Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko said in a statement on Thursday that immediately after the ruling, Kiev would unveil "new, very interesting evidence" that would refute what they called "many of Russia's lies and Russia's propaganda".
New York Islanders' Mathew Barzal, left, looks for an open shot as Columbus Blue Jackets' Seth Jones defends during the third period of an NHL hockey game Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Columbus, Ohio. The Blue Jackets beat the Islanders 5-0. (AP Photo/Jay LaPrete)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in their NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the NHL season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots they faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shoveled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that they snapped past Greiss.
LIGHTNING 5, PANTHERS 3
TAMPA, Florida (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in their return from a right knee injury as Tampa Bay beat Florida in their opener.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. They sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Roberto Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in their NHL coaching debut.
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Hydration is particularly important for children, as they have higher water requirements in relation to their body weight than adults do. Kids don't always recognize the early stages of thirst, which can make them particularly vulnerable to becoming dehydrated, especially during times that can drive up their body fluid losses, like when they are playing sports or during warm weather.
During the hot weather months, it can be challenging to maintain outdoor exercise regimens or playing in the great outdoors.
To help maximize open-air fun, here are some safety tips for both adults and children for staying cool when exercising and playing in the summer heat:
• Exercise in the early morning or late evening. The temperature is coolest at this time. Avoid exercising midday when it's the hottest part of the day.
• Drink up. Do not wait until you are thirsty to start hydrating. Drink two to four glasses of water each hour. If you are on diuretics, or a low-salt or fluid-restricted diet, talk to your doctor first about your specific fluid needs.
• Wear lightweight, loose-fitting clothing. Consider dressing in clothes made with moisture-wicking fabric.
• Protect yourself from the sun. Wear a hat, sunglasses and sunscreen with an SPF rating of 15 or higher. Try to exercise in the shade. Play tennis on a court shaded by trees or take a walk in a wooded park.
• Rest early and often. Take breaks in shady areas.
• Gradually get used to the heat. It takes seven to 10 days for your body to adapt to the change in temperature. Start by exercising for a short time at a low intensity. Save long, hard workouts until you are acclimated to the summer air.
• Mind the weather. Do not exercise on the hottest days. Keep an eye on the heat index. The heat index is a calculation of the temperature and humidity. It measures “how hot it really feels” outside. A heat index 80 to 90 degrees can lead to fatigue during exercise. Heat exhaustion is a possibility even at these temperatures. A heat index of 90 to 105 degrees can cause heat cramps and heat exhaustion or heat stroke. During a heat index of 105 or higher heat, exhaustion is likely and heat stroke is possible.
Be cautious when the heat index gets higher than 80 degrees. Consider working out indoors. Walk around a shopping mall or do a workout DVD in your air-conditioned home.
• Stop if you don't feel well: If you have any of the warning signs of heat-related illness, such as dizziness, headache or nausea, stop your workout right away.
Dehydration is one of those things many people don't think about and something that can sneak up on you. It's important to learn the facts on how to stay healthy and happy while enjoying summertime.
Dr. Karen Cassidy is chief medical officer for UnitedHealthcare. The information provided is for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be nor should be construed as medical advice.
You should consult an appropriate health care professional prior to beginning an exercise program or making changes to your lifestyle or health care routine to determine what may be right for you.
NEW DELHI (AP) — An Indian company that is partnering with the Trump Organization on an office tower project outside New Delhi has been accused of running an elaborate real estate swindle that cheated investors out of nearly $150 million.
Documents obtained by The Associated Press make no mention of the Trump Organization, and focus largely on two real estate deals that began years before the organization signed a 2016 agreement with IREO to partner on an office tower outside of New Delhi.
Ramesh Sanka, the former CEO of the real estate firm IREO, says they saw "various acts of cheating, fraud and misappropriation of money," creating "huge wrongful gains" for the company's managing director and their associates.
Top IREO officials could not be reached for comment.
WYOMING, Ohio (AP) — The father of an American college student who was imprisoned in North Korea and was returned to their home state of Ohio in a coma says the family is "adjusting to a different reality."
Fred Warmbier (WORM'-bir) told Fox News' Tucker Carlson on Wednesday that their son, Otto, was "terrorized and brutalized" during their 17-month detention and has been in a coma for more than a year.
The father says that they and their wife, Cindy, only learned of their son's condition last week.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. They were then taken by ambulance to a hospital.
A hospital spokesperson has not provided an update on their condition, but says their parents plan to hold a Thursday morning news conference.
By Steve Holland and Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump knew for weeks that national security adviser Michael Flynn had misled the White House about their contacts with Russia but did not immediately force them out, an administration spokesperson said on Tuesday.
Trump was informed in late January that Flynn had not told Vice President Mike Pence the whole truth about conversations they had before Trump took office with Russia's ambassador to the United States, White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said.
Pence learned of the "incomplete information" that they received from Flynn when news reports surfaced late last week, spokesperson Mark Lotter said on Tuesday.
Flynn quit on Monday after Trump asked for their resignation, and the president hopes to pick a new national security adviser by the end of the week, Spicer said.
The departure was another disruption for an administration already repeatedly distracted by miscues and internal dramas since the Republican business person assumed the presidency on Jan. 20.
The New York Times reported late on Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign and other associates had contact with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the Nov. 8 presidential election, although U.S. officials told the newspaper they had not uncovered any evidence that Trump's associates colluded to disrupt the election.
U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn's actions but broader White House ties to Russia. Trump has long said that they would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said Trump only moved against Flynn because of news media attention, not concern about any wrongdoing.
"The reason they lost faith or trust in General Flynn only last night when they knew for weeks that they had been lying was that it became public," Schiff told MSNBC.
A timeline of events outlined by Spicer and a U.S. official showed that Trump had known for weeks about Flynn misleading the vice president.
Trump, a former reality TV star whose catchphrase was "You're fired!" has often boasted of their eagerness to get rid of subordinates. They were not quick to fire Flynn, a strong advocate of a better relation with Russia and a hard line against Islamist militants.
The Justice Department warned the White House in late January that Flynn had misled Pence by denying to them that they had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, a potentially illegal act, a U.S. official said.
Flynn did talk about sanctions with the diplomat, whose calls were recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, the official said. But Pence went on television in mid-January and denied that Flynn had discussed sanctions.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation interviewed Flynn in their early days as Trump's national security adviser regarding their conversations with the Russian ambassador, a White House official confirmed.
Spicer stressed that the administration believed there was no legal problem with Flynn's conversations with Kislyak, but rather an issue over the president's trust in their adviser.
The turning point, Spicer said, was a Washington Post story published on Thursday in which Flynn, through a spokesperson, said for the first time they could not say with 100 percent certainty that they had not discussed sanctions with Kislyak.
Spicer said the Justice Department sought to notify the White House counsel on Jan. 26 about the discrepancies in Flynn's accounts.
"The White House counsel informed the president immediately. The president asked them to commit a review of whether there was a legal situation there," Spicer told reporters, saying it was a "trust issue."
Flynn's conversations with the ambassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama imposed sanctions on Russia, charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the 2016 presidential election in Trump's favor.
A U.S. official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the ambassador said Flynn indicated that if Russia did not retaliate in kind for Obama's Dec. 29 order expelling 35 Russian suspected spies and sanctioning Russian spy agencies, that could smooth the way toward a broader discussion of improving U.S.-Russian relations once Trump took power.
21:25 Reported News Briefs Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Nissan 3, 5778 , 19/03/18 Taking the patient into account - even in emergencies Read More than 30 haredi women graduate a United Hatzalah course to serve their communities as first responders. ► ◄ Last Briefs
During a February interview which broadcast just before the Superbowl, President Trump recalled riding with former President Barack Obama to the Inauguration on Jan. 20 when they asked Obama to list the three greatest issues America was facing.
[…] “I asked them what you think our biggest problem is and they told me,” Trump said, recalling the limousine ride to the U.S. Capitol with Obama. “I can't tell you,” Trump said after O'Reilly interrupted to ask about specifics. “But it's a problem, its a military problem with a certain place. No, it's not China. But it is – they did mention, because I did ask them what would you say our number one, two, three problems are and the number one problem that they felt – I was a little bit surprised, but I fully understand.” (link)
Almost every mainstream political pundit and political observer believes the concerning country within that conversation was North Korea. Indeed, if you were to evaluate the comment in isolation, against the backdrop of world media headlines, N-Korea seemingly becomes a natural conclusion.
However, CTH does not believe North Korea was the country of concern. President Obama viewed and acted upon all foreign affairs through the prism of ideological belief. Every action taken by the Obama administration was in furtherance of an ideological world-view that was personal to the small circle of like-minded fellow travelers.
Outgoing President Obama would not respond to such a question from an abject detachment to the same ideological road-map that drove their foreign policy positions.
No, if it was a country of concern to Obama it would have a personal element to it; North Korea just doesn't fit.
President Trump went on to say they did not believe Obama would mind if they had shared their answer, but said they did not want that country to know it is viewed as the number one concern to the U.S.
Businessman Trump is President Trump and in both roles Trump has shown through action a keen forward approach. Trump games-out long term objectives and strategies.
Often by the time you see a visible Trump action there has been months of pre-planning.
The President Xi Jinping visit with President Trump at Mar-a-Lago is one example that people are only just now beginning to understand. Trump seeded the objectives of the meeting with President Xi months before their April 6th and 7th meeting (emphasis mine):
[…] “You gotta work on North Korea,” Trump told a Chinese official on February 27, the senior administration official said, apparently pointing to a brief meeting at the White House between Trump and Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi, the highest-ranking Chinese official Trump has met with since taking office. (link)
In the events surrounding Syria and Russia President Trump also had mapped out a long-term strategy. Instructions that did not come from Trump's team, but rather from President Trump personally.
Back in January, before taking office, President Trump told their National Security landing team to approach the intelligence communities and request “outside the box” solutions to Syria (Via Russia/Iran), as one regional issue; and North Korea (using China) as another.
The responsibility for assembling the information fell upon the administration's IC liaison Deputy NSA Advisor KT McFarland.
The media do not talk about President Trump having the acumen to approach global issues with specific personally generated strategy. The MSM obviously prefer to sell Trump's approach as reactionary or emotional; however, as we have seen from the results so far, nothing could be further from the truth than the media's false narrative.
So where does that bring us?
Well, considering everything outlined above; and considering the location of the MOAB as utilized; and considering the location where President Trump directed their National Security Advisor to go…
Well, I would make an argument the Obama-Trump conversation was about a tenuous nuclear country who hid Osama Bin Laden for ten years, Pakistan.
National security advisor H.R. McMaster, left, with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in Islamabad on April 17. /Reuters
(Via World Tribune) […] McMaster visited Islamabad on April 17, a day after holding talks with Afghan leaders in Kabul. They delivered a public message to leaders in Pakistan, whom Afghan officials accuse of permitting Taliban jihadists to establish sanctuaries and conduct attacks into Afghanistan with the help of Pakistan's intelligence agency, Voice of America reported. “As all of us have hoped for many many years … that Pakistani leaders will understand that it is in their interest to go after these groups less selectively than they have in the past and the best way to pursue their interests in Afghanistan and elsewhere is through diplomacy not through the use of proxies that engage in violence,” McMaster said. The Pakistani government said in a statement that the U.S. delegation included Lisa Curtis, a researcher with the Heritage Foundation think tank in Washington, who McMaster has hired to oversee South Asia affairs. In February, Curtis co-authored an article calling for Washington to “levy heavy costs on Pakistan for policies that help perpetuate terrorism in the region.” In their first trip to the region since being named national security adviser, McMaster met with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and their top foreign policy aides before holding talks with the country's powerful military chief, Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa. (link)
Syria (via Russia), North Korea (via China) are, in large measure, diplomatic matters with clear White House objectives and political goals. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been intensely successful so far in handling all of these regional issues with exceptional diplomacy and international support.
President Trump, T. rex and to a lesser extend Nikki Haley have aptly navigated through the issues surrounding Syria and China; with ongoing diplomatic endeavors continuing, Vice-President Pence is dispatched as a closer.
However, Pakistan is an entirely different kettle-of-fish. Pakistan policy currently involves higher priority intelligence community and military efforts; ergo, McMasters doing the advanced recon, and a rather noisy knock at the door just prior to arrival.
[…] This is the majors now. Trump has to outwit world-class adversaries and “frenemies” by defining the deals that they will agree to. One minute they will think Trump is their friend – the next minute, a cunning, bitter foe. And they have to do this with evil cheerleaders like Warhead, Linderace, Dipsy Dowd, Maggie Haterman, and Fake Yapper trashing them or praising them alternately, no matter which way they go. They can't keep up, either. Neither can many around him. I think that half of the problem with advisers crashing into each other is they don't realize what Trump is doing. And people will trash you, and they will trash me. Get used to it. I've already caught plenty of people mocking me. Well, just wait a week in Trump time. Look stupid and conned by Trump one minute, and you look like a sage three days later. Trump will not find perfect solutions. They will find OPTIMAL solutions. We cannot ask for more. Trump has stood by and watched Perfect murder Good for 8 years – maybe longer. He's not gonna do it. He's going to deliver the best outcome possible, and he's not waiting for us to feel relaxed about it. […] Trump is Jupiter moving through the asteroid belt.  They are going to pull people into their orbit. A few will get slung off into space, but most will come along for the ride of their lives. (more)
Advertisements
North Korea's failed missile test this weekend is just the latest in a string of tests by the country that has stoked fears around the world.
There had been growing concern all week that Kim Jong-un's government would attempt some form of missile or nuclear test this weekend as it celebrated the 105th birthday of its late founder, Kim Il-sung. So while the missile test did not come as a grand surprise, it serves a reminder of the growing threat that North Korea poses to U.S. interests in East Asia and the possible threat that it could pose to the U.S. homeland in the not-too-distant future.
Here's what you need to know:
Ballistic abilities
At the moment, North Korea doesn't have the ability to hit the U.S. mainland with its missiles. However, according to data provided by Michael Elleman, senior fellow for missile defense at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a British research institute, North Korea is in the process of developing a missile with a range of up to 3,200 kilometers (nearly 2,000 miles) known as Musudan (or Hwasong-10).
That puts the Musudan within striking range of Guam, a U.S. island territory in the western Pacific that is home to more than 150,000 U.S. citizens, as well as a number of U.S. military bases.
Jeon Heon-Kyun/EPA
In addition, North Korea is developing other missiles with even longer ranges. Among those are the KN-08 (or Hwasong-13) and KN-14 (or Hwasong-14), both of which are believed to be Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBMs). According to the Center for Strategic and International Studies, an American think tank based in Washington, D.C., the missiles have maximum ranges of 11,500 kilometers (approximately 7,146 miles) and 10,000 kilometers (approximately 6,214 miles) respectively, which puts them within striking distance of the U.S. mainland.
For a missile to be considered an ICBM, it must be able to travel a minimum of 3,400 miles (or about 5,500 km).
But experts have cast doubt on how ready the country is to launch such missiles.
“ICBMs that are reliable are at least four years away, and more likely five to seven,” Elleman told ABC News.
Robert Kelly, associate professor of political science at Pusan University in South Korea, pointed out that while Hawaii and Guam are closer targets that might not require an ICBM for targeting, they are "very doubtful North Korea missile guidance systems are good enough to get a ... missile to such a precise location," they wrote in an email to ABC News.
Nuclear ambitions
Missiles are just one piece of the puzzle. North Korea's nuclear program is also a concern for the international community.
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests since 2006, two of them last year.
While the nuclear program is separate from the missile tests, “the real issue is whether they could put a nuke on top of that missile. That is just unknown,” said Kelly. “If I had to speculate, I would say yes, that they could nuke Japan, but no, they could not reach Hawaii or [the continental U.S.] yet.”
“Nuclear experts believe the North to have 12 to 20 bombs, and to expand its nuclear arsenal to 40 or 50 in the next four to five years,” Sung-Yoon Lee, professor of Korean studies at Tufts University, told ABC News in an email. “That would rival the size of the United Kingdom's nuclear arsenal.”
Firepower at this scale would “give North Korea credible ‘second strike' capability; that is, the North attacks first, the U.S. shoots back, and the North shoots back. A series of nuclear exchanges, in a mutual destruction,” Lee added.
What is the worst-case scenario?
“The worst-case scenario is open warfare between the two Koreas into which China and the U.S. would get dragged on opposite sides and in which nuclear weapons were used,” said Kelly, noting that they think this is unlikely.
But if it were to happen, “China has never confirmed what its status would be if war [broke] out again, and we'd like to think China would be on our side, but they've so far refused to agree to that position,” Van Jackson, associate professor in the College of Security Studies at the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies, told ABC News.
But how could the U.S. get dragged into a conflict so far away? “The American alliance arrangement with South Korea and Japan would require American involvement in the case of war, much like America's Cold War commitment to NATO,” Kelly said.
Kim Hong-Ji/Reuters
And the defense of South Korea is something that the U.S. continues to guarantee.
"Our commitment to this historic alliance with the courageous people of South Korea has never been stronger," Pence said on Sunday while visiting U.S. troops stationed in the country.
Jackson explained that the most likely way the U.S. would be dragged into the conflict would be, “because of either a North Korean first strike against either South Korea or the U.S., or a U.S. preventive attack on North Korea that leads to North Korean retaliation that then escalates.”
But a threat is posed even by the tests, according to Professor Victor Cha, director of Asian studies at Georgetown University.
“A failed missile test that hit Japan could spark calls for retaliation,” Cha told ABC News, which could see the U.S. become involved.
Beyond conflict, the development of nuclear weapons in North Korea could cause other problems.
“A collapse of the regime could spark a loose-nukes crisis and/or proliferation of weapons to non-state actors,” said Cha. In other words, terror groups could take advantage of the situation to get their hands on nuclear materials.
Further development of nuclear weapons in North Korea could also encourage other countries -- even ones friendly with the U.S. -- to develop their own nuclear weapons.
“The moment we acknowledge North Korean nuclear weapons, the global taboo against nuclear weapons becomes violated; no longer sacrosanct,” said Jackson. “Practically speaking, South Korea will eventually go nuclear itself, which in turn will place tremendous pressures on Japan and Taiwan to do so as well.”
What options does President Donald Trump have?
Putting it bluntly, Jackson said: “The United States has no good options.”
The U.S. could launch a strike on North Korea's nuclear arsenal, but that is “very difficult and fraught with risk” that could lead to conflict, they added.
“A military strike is a dangerous option given that North Korean artillery stands only seconds away from Seoul where 10 million people live and 100,000 American expats, and 27,500 U.S. troops,” said Cha.
The U.S. could also temper its desire to see North Korea denuclearize in an attempt to get a deal with North Korea that would modestly stabilize relations in the region, Jackson said.
But, “this has historically been unacceptable to South Korea and to most U.S. policy officials,” they explained.
Lee said that the U.S.'s best course of action is “to put unrelenting financial pressure” on the regime that would exclude them from the U.S. dollar system -- the backbone of the global financial system.
AFP/Getty Images
“Such targeted sanctions have worked against Iran, Burma, Ukraine, Congo, etc., because the target is isolated from the international financial order and its partners are presented with the stark choice of either continuing to do business with the primary target or continuing to access the U.S. financial system,” they said. “Amazingly, such target financial sanctions have never been fully employed against North Korea, which is the world's leading proliferator, money-launderer, and human rights abuser.”
But according to Kelly, China “has mixed feelings about really cutting North Korea off from the global economy.”
“If North Korea were to dramatically implode, most analysts expect a wave of refugees headed toward China,” South Korea, or even Japan (via boat), explained Kelly.
Jackson agreed that refugees were a concern, saying “this is one of China's longstanding concerns that has incentivized it to urge caution and restraint in Korea.”
The refugee flows could be “on the same scale as Syria, but perhaps with even greater desperation,” they added.
'No joke'
At the end of the day, “North Korea is no joke. With its bizarre cult of personality and backwardness, the world tends to laugh at Pyongyang,” said Lee.
“The leadership is not crazy or suicidal, hence, an imminent war is unlikely,” Lee continued. “But North Korea is a revisionist state; that is, a state that is willing to take risks to change the international environment in its favor.”
ABC News' Luis Martinez contributed to this report from the Pentagon.
Pictured is footage of the suspect police are looking for in connection with a Thursday robbery at the Rite Aid Pharmacy on Delaware Avenue.  They are described as 6-foot black man with a red hooded sweatshirt and black pants.
(Image submitted)
––––
Marysville Police are looking for a man who brandished a gun and stole an undetermined amount of prescription drugs from the Marysville Rite Aid Pharmacy Thursday.
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
HBO
The seventh season of Game of Thrones is rapidly coming to a close, and this season has seen the show keeping up its attention to detail and piling up the references to its own past. This episode featured a couple of brief moments packed with bombshell revelations and political machinations. But beyond that there were a lot of other nice touches that you might have missed if you haven't recently re-watched the past 64 installments of the series. Here are a handful of those meticulous details.
Through The Breach
HBO
This season has been full of reunions, but one you might not have known about was between Jorah Mormont and Thoros of Myr in the Eastwatch cells. Before Thoros and their resurrected buddy Beric Dondarrion became known in the Riverlands as the Brotherhood Without Banners, they were part of King Robert's forces during the Greyjoy Rebellion. At the siege of Pyke, Jorah and Thoros were the first men through the breach when the walls came down.
“Thoros of Myr went in alone waving that flaming sword of his,” Jorah recalled in season three.
You'd assume that moment would make those two men friends, but even the camaraderie of old battles is no guarantee people will get along. Two other men who fought on the same side at Pyke: Jaime Lannister and Ned Stark's captain of the guards, Jory Cassel. They shared some memories from the siege early on in season one… a few episodes before Jaime put a dagger firmly through Jory's eye.
For A Better World!
HBO
This isn't an election and Daenerys Targaryen isn't running a campaign to control Westeros, but if they were their slogan would be “Together, we will leave the world a better place than we found it.” That's the line they used while trying to convince captured Lannister army members to join her, and it probably would have been a lot more convincing if they didn't follow it up by literally annihilating Randyll and Dickon Tarly with dragonfire.
She's used almost the exact same messaging in the past. In season six episode nine they told Yara and Theon “We're going to leave the world better than we found it.” They also brought back the wheel, another talking point from season five. “Lannister, Targaryen, Stark, Tyrell. They're always just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, and then that one's on top. And on and on it spins, crushing those on the ground. I'm not going to stop the wheel. I'm going to break the wheel.”
The same split between institutions and individuals also emerged on the topic of questionable executive pay practices. At the 32 companies whose pay programs failed to win majority support from shareholders this year, individual investors were twice as likely as institutions to vote in favor of that compensation. Some 66 percent of individuals' shares were cast in support of companies whose pay plans failed to win majority approval, compared with 32 percent of institutions' shares.
To a great degree, these figures reflect the fact that institutions hold the overwhelming portion of company shares — 70 percent to individuals' 30 percent, Broadridge data shows.
But do the results prove that individual investors are pleased with the way corporations are managing governance matters? While executives might want to believe this, it's probably not the case, according to experts who study shareholder voting. They contend that for individual investors, the proxy voting system is onerous, frustrating and broken. A result, they say, is that annual vote tallies represent only a small portion of individual investors' shares and views.
Voting is just too hard for retail investors, said Jill E. Fisch, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and co-director of its Institute for Law and Economics. “It's not surprising that they often give up,” they added. “As a result, there's a group of investors that corporate managers aren't hearing from consistently.”
The Broadridge-PricewaterhouseCoopers study bears this out. It found that 91 percent of the shares owned by institutional investors — but only 29 percent of those held by individuals — were voted during the most recent proxy season on director elections and shareholder proposals covering the full array of governance issues.
Photo
The main reason for this divergence is that institutions are generally required to vote their shares as part of their fiduciary duty to the investors or pension beneficiaries whose money they oversee. “Institutions vote at very high rates,” said Chuck Callan, senior vice president for regulatory affairs at Broadridge, in an interview. “Retail shareholders are not required to vote by law or regulation. Typically, the understanding has been that if these shareholders have a problem with a company, they vote with their feet.” In other words, they sell their shares.
But if you examine the results of almost any annual shareholder meeting, it also becomes clear that throngs of individual investors were absent this year in voting on directors and other governance issues.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Most individuals keep their shares at their brokerage firms, but the brokers cannot vote them on the clients' behalf. Instead, the investors have to cast their votes by mail, on the phone or online. Those who fail to do so are categorized as broker nonvotes in regulatory filings.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Even at troubled companies, this inertia can be widespread and surprising. At Wells Fargo's annual meeting in April, for example, when the company came under pressure for its questionable sales practices, roughly four billion shares were voted in the director elections. Broker nonvotes on those elections totaled almost 500 million shares.
Institutional investors, meanwhile, have it easier when they vote their shares. They can take advantage of technological advancements in voting platforms that allow them to leave standing instructions on how they want their votes cast on particular proposals.
“Because they have such a huge work flow, institutions will flag certain types of proposals and will develop guidelines on how they want to vote on them,” Mr. Callan said. “Platforms for institutions integrate all that.”
Ms. Fisch, the law professor, asked why a similar process couldn't be set up for individual investors. In a coming article in the Minnesota Law Review, they argued that low individual investor turnout is a result of an antiquated voting system. In the article, “Standing Voting Instructions: Empowering the Excluded Retail Investor,” they contended that “current regulatory restrictions impede market-based innovation” that could allow individual investors' voices to be heard.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has weighed in on this problem recently. Acknowledging that the low level of voting by individual investors is a concern, it sponsored a roundtable on proxy voting in 2015. A major agenda item was how to increase individual investor participation.
But proposals for a system that would allow individuals to leave standing instructions for the voting of their shares have gone nowhere. As Ms. Fisch noted, the commission has voiced concerns that such a system would require investors to make voting decisions before they had received proxy materials “containing the disclosures mandated under the federal securities laws and possibly without consideration of the specific issues to be voted upon.” The agency also warned that the availability of standing voting instructions might mean investors would not bother to read the proxy statement.
Still, regulations have gotten in the way of what might be the natural market development of tools to encourage individual investor voting, Ms. Fisch said. “When the voting platforms and proxy advisers work with institutional investors, they provide tools for categorizing issues and proposals to accommodate investor voting preferences even though the issues might differ a little,” they added. “I would envision a platform being able to provide retail investors that same sort of functionality.”
Ms. Fisch and others are convinced that individual investors are interested in the makeup of corporate boards, executive pay and other governance matters. Given that technology can lower the hurdles these shareholders face in expressing their views, it seems unfair to ignore it.
Alan Browne was our star man as their match-winning penalty sealed Preston's 2-1 victory over Hull at Deepdale on Saturday.
Agree with our marks out of 10 below?
Expand Members of civil society organizations chant slogans during a protest to condemn the killing of 27-year-old woman, Farkhunda, who was beaten with sticks and set on fire by a crowd of men in central Kabul in broad daylight on Thursday, in Kabul March 24, 2015. © 2018 Reuters
More than 8 out of 10 Afghan women and girls will suffer domestic and other violence in their lifetime. Before 2001, they had nowhere to run. These days there are some safe havens: the country's tiny, but desperately important, network of women's shelters.
But these shelters are now under attack – and not for the first time – by Afghanistan's own government. Last month, the Ministry of Women's Affairs (MoWA) announced plans to seize control of shelter funding provided by foreign donors, and instead require shelter operators to seek funding through the ministry. This might sound reasonable – a hallmark of President Ashraf Ghani's government has been a push for greater government control over donor funds in the name of corruption.
But we've seen this before. In 2011, MoWA also pushed for control of the shelters and used the same rhetoric as this time – alluding to “problems” in the refuges and suggesting – falsely – that shelters are brothels. But these abusive lies have been spread for years by opponents of women's rights, who believe that women should have no safe haven from their husband no matter how violent and that a father or brother should have total control over the life – or death – of a woman.
In 2011, I was one of several lawyers who spent many hours reviewing the regulation MoWA sought to impose on shelters. It was clear that it intended to deprive women of refuge. Under the regulation, women would have been forced to convince a panel that they deserve shelter, and to undergo humiliating and medically meaningless “virginity tests.” Worst of all, they would have been turned over to their families at the relatives' request – although nearly all were fleeing abuse from their own family.
In 2011, and in 2013 when MoWA tried again, international donors who fund the shelters fought back.
But foreign donor interest in Afghanistan has fallen dramatically. It is far from clear that they will fight again to save the shelters.
I have met Afghan women whose lives were saved by these refuges. I remember the fear in their eyes. If donors don't act – and fast – they will have even more to fear.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
J. Cole has released a video for “Kevin's Heart,” starring none other than Kevin Hart, which you can watch above. The video, co-directed by Cole and Scott Lazer, re-imagines how Kevin might have reckoned with the world learning that they cheated on their pregnant wife last year.
We see the high-profile comedian navigate the grocery store and a white tablecloth restaurant, but no matter where they go, they either faces judgmental stares or women who come on to him, which makes them feel increasingly self-conscious. (Blink and you'll miss Cole, a new parent himself, struggle to fold down a stroller just one aisle away from Kevin at, welp, a baby store.) Only one person acts kindly toward Kevin, inside the bathroom of that restaurant. Unfortunately, that man didn't wash their hands after using the urinal. “He didn't wash their hands,” Kevin mutters. “I got dick hands on my jacket now.”
Cole may be critical toward younger rappers in their new album KOD, in tracks like “1985.” Lil Pump recently responded as if Cole called them out directly, saying, “Wow, you get so much props. You dissed a 17-year-old. Lame ass ‘jit.” But with their “Kevin's Heart” video, Cole successfully turns Hart into a sympathetic figure.
With the next international break less than a month away, a host of MLS players will be hoping to make a good impression and earn a coveted call-up.
As such, we're back with another report on which US national team and Canada national team candidates are earning a ride on the up elevator and who is tumbling down the depth chart.
US national team
UP
Justin Morrow – The Toronto FC left back made weekend headlines with their first career two-goal game in their patient 4-1 rout of the Portland Timbers. Morrow now has five goals on the season, tying their career best with 10 games left on the schedule. In addition, they helped school the Timbers by chalking up nine total defensive stops and seven positive passes in or into the attacking third.
Sean Johnson – Rising in the US 'keeper pool is certainly not an easy climb, but the New York City FC man is doing their best to break into the top three. Johnson keyed their side's weekend win at the LA Galaxy with four crucial reactions saves and an important rush off the line to smother a good Ema Boateng chance while the game was still scoreless. The result lifted the former Fire netminder into a tie for the league lead in wins.
DOWN
Tommy McNamara – It's shouldn't be hard to shine on an NYCFC side that stands second in the league, but McNamara has struggled to reach the spotlight this summer. Despite starting nine of their side's last 11 games (which has seen them go 7-2-2), the Gold Cup provisional squad member hasn't notched an assist since June and hasn't scored since mid-May. In Saturday's win, they didn't complete a single positive pass in the final third and often failed to help slow a flank-driven Galaxy attack that fired 21 shots.
Brek Shea – It's been a long international fall since the Vancouver attacker bagged the USMNT's Gold Cup winner in 2013. Shea, who hasn't enjoyed a cap in nearly two years, isn't closing on a return with their club form. In six starts and as many sub appearances over the last three months, he's tallied just one assist and a single shot on goal.
Canada national team
UP
Samuel Piette – As noted by Armchair Analyst Matt Doyle, the newly acquired Montreal Impact midfielder turned heads in their debut. Piette helped the Impact shut down Philadelphia Union strike ace CJ Sapong by strangling the life out of their supply line. The defensive midfielder rang up a game-high seven tackles, nine recovery plays in the Impact half and added in a pair of blocks in the area for good measure. They also completed 55 of 60 passes, including 11 in or into the Union end.
Patrice Bernier – As good as they are, Piette didn't do it alone on Saturday. Canada skipper Bernier continued making their case to remain in the team at age 37 by acting as midfield metronome to continually send Montreal running toward the final third.
DOWN
Jonathan Osorio – The Toronto midfielder lost their place in the lineup early in the season and seems to be getting further away from gaining it back. Osorio hasn't started a league match since in over three months, has managed but two interceptions all season and is averaging just 0.68 key passes per 90 minutes (or less than half their 2016 rate).
Jordan Hamilton – With the league-leading Reds now nearly back to full strength following a spate of injures and Gold Cup defections, Hamilton has been unable to find the field in their last four matches. In a suddenly deepening Canada strike stable, out of sight likely also means out of mind.
Froch was 24-0. Jermaine Taylor was 28-2-1. The fight was scheduled for 12 rounds.
On April 25, 2009 at Foxwoods Resort in Mashantucket, Connecticut, WBC super middleweight champion Carl Froch, from Nottingham, England, fought former WBA/IBF/WBO middleweight champion Jermain Taylor, from Little Rock, Arkansas. Carl the Cobra was undefeated at 24-0. Taylor was 28-2-1, having lost a pair of fights to Kelly Pavlik. The fight, which was part of Showtime's Super Six Boxing Classic tournament, was scheduled for 12 rounds…
President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump host French President Macron and Mrs. Macron for an official state dinner at the White House. The arrival will be livestreamed.
UPDATE: Video Added
Pictures below
Sorry…. had to sneak in a picture of our favorite Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross.
WH Livestream Link (pending) – Alternate Livestream Link (active)
Advertisements
At 150, Canada merits the best possible photo album, and Maclean's wants to capture the country in all its cultural and geographic glory. For each month of 2017, we'll ask readers to submit photos based on a particular theme. We'll publish the winning photos in our weekly tablet edition, and online every month. At the end of the year, a gallery show will exhibit all the winning work, and we will announce the single best photo of the year. You take the photos, and we'll provide a national frame!
For our September photo contest, we asked photographers to capture the best of the Canadian sky. Below are the top 10 submissions. You can vote for your favourite on Facebook.
1 of 10 Previous Next Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email
It shows my husband Doug Craig of Victoria BC, 68 yrs, leaping into the cold arctic waters of the northwest passage during a Nancy Craig It shows my husband Doug Craig of Victoria BC, 68 yrs, leaping into the cold arctic waters of the northwest passage during a “polar bear plunge” fun event organized by Adventure Canada as part of the “Into the NW Passage” trip aboard the Ocean Endeavor expedition ship. It was a cool 3 degree C snowy day. Ocean temperature was about the same. Too cool for my body!
Previous 1. Nancy Craig It shows my husband Doug Craig of Victoria BC, 68 yrs, leaping into the cold arctic waters of the northwest passage during a “polar bear plunge” fun event organized by Adventure Canada as part of the “Into the NW Passage” trip aboard the Ocean Endeavor expedition ship. It was a cool 3 degree C snowy day. Ocean temperature was about the same. Too cool for my body!
2. Shawna Holmes I took this photo of my boyfriend Jason and our young Silver Labrador Colt on Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017 at the Hilliardton Marsh, 15 minutes outside of our hometown of Englehart, Ontario. It was early season and a very special hunt as it was my first time waterfowl hunting and Colt made their first retrieve. This photo was captured around 6:30pm from the back of the canoe which we had hidden amongst the tall water reeds on a bed of floating islands.
3. Julia Vallières-Pilon This picture was taken after 3 exhausting days of what was my first experience of backcountry skiing. On this last day the weather was just perfect and our ascent of Mont Hog's back was rewarded by an amazing view with rays of sun showing through the low rising clouds. Cette photo a été prise lors de mon premier voyage de ski hors piste après 3 journées éreintantes. En cette dernière journée, la météo était parfaite et notre ascension du Mont Hog's back fut récompensée par cette vue magnifique avec, en prime, les rayons du soleil traversant les nuages.
4. Jacqueline Staples A man and their golden lab paddle boarding during the golden hour across English Bay. Photo was taken from Hadden Park in Kitsilano, Vancouver, BC.
5. Kira Cherneski This was taken in New Sarepta, Alberta at the annual Demolition Derby on September 10th. Just taken with my Canon Rebel as I sat on the sidelines with my husband and some of our friends. It's a really fun event that brings a lot of the community together!
6. Robert Taylor This photo is the result of several clumsy attempts to get the perfect shot of our wonder dog Lucy launching after their frisbee into Lake Joseph near Port Carling, Muskoka. Whether it's jumping into a lake, rolling in a pile of leaves, or following a scent into the woods, Lucy teaches us to live with a curious and adventurous spirit and to cherish the Canadian landscape as the most captivating playground.
7. Brodie Buchanan This photo was taken on a tributary to the Bow river ( Alberta ) during July near the last part of the day which provided some great light and lens flare for this. Mia the dedicated fishing dog keeps a watchful eye over the bull trout as it is about to be released back in to the river. The fish in this photo is a Bull trout – which belongs to a branch of the trout family called “chars” ( along with Brook trout, Lake trout, and Dolley Varden ). These fish can grow quite massive with a weight up to 10kg, and measure 30mm-70mm in length. The name was inspired by the large head and jaws in comparison to its body. The key to identifying this species is the absence of black spots on the dorsal fin.
8. Alex Won The photo was taken September 23 at around 1:30 am in the Massasauga Provincial Park on backcountry camping site 504 located in Blackstone Harbour (also known as The Archipelago). My wife and I went backcountry camping (the first time for my wife) to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. This was a 40 second long exposure shot of my wife sitting by the fire playing Candy Crush. I lit up the trees by “light painting” them with my flashlight.
9. Samantha Plett This picture was taken on our acreage outside of Bassano, AB. With this year's summer of relentless heat in Southern Alberta, the best fun was made from a water hose and bare feet! I just sat down with my wide angle lens and watched them enjoy!
10. Elton Law It was taken on June 18 of 2017 of the Sherman Falls of Hamilton, Ontario. It was a partial shade day which provided a not too contrast picture on a waterfall with lot of shadow. I use ASA 800 to capture the action with F.9 1/100sec since I did hot have a tripod. It was a hot day and the mist from the waterfall was the best way to cool down the summer heat. Next
Your October assignment: Fall colours
Macintosh-red, duotang-bright, or the blackness of burnt pumpkin seeds at the bottom of the pan: October awaits like a colouring book. Thanksgiving might swirl in yellow and browns as you dress the Thanksgiving salad or dress a scarecrow. Costumes might bear bloody colours or fairy tale colours, or in the case of ghosts, the absence of all.
Octobre : Couleurs automnales
Une pomme McIntosh d'un rouge appétissant…Le cartable neuf vert fluo d'un écolier… Des graines de citrouilles noircies restées au fond d'une casserole… Octobre s'offre à vous comme un album illustré aux vives couleurs. L'Action de grâce pourra ajouter à votre palette des jaunes et des bruns, si vous préparez une salade pour les festivités ou habillez un épouvantail. Avec l'Halloween et ses costumes bariolés, ce sont des couleurs de film d'horreur ou de conte de fées qui surgiront. À moins que ce ne soit, dans le cas de fantômes, d'une absence de couleur!
The next assignments will appear on macleans.ca on the first of each month. Readers can also find the assignments by following Maclean's on Instagram or Twitter, or liking our Facebook page. The assignment will appear in the first tablet edition of the month, as well as in the monthly print issue.
Judging
The Maclean's photo department will narrow down the submissions to 10 finalists each month. From there, one photographer will win the editor's choice award. Another photographer will win the readers' choice award. Readers will vote online by liking a photo on Facebook.
Prizes
Each month, cash prizes will be awarded to the editor's choice and readers' choice winners. The winning photos will be published in the tablet edition of Maclean's. At the end of the year, Maclean's will exhibit all the winning photos in a gallery show and invite the photographers to attend.
How to submit
Click here for more on how to submit your photos.
Photographers, good luck—and Canada, smile!
Contest closes December 31, 2017 at 11:59 pm ET. Open to Canadian residents (excluding Quebec), over age of majority. Contest consists of 12 individual monthly entry periods. Two winners will be determined per monthly entry period, based on the application of judging criteria and a public voting process. Each prize consists of $250. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received per monthly entry period, on the application of judging criteria, and on the number of eligible votes received by each entry that is short-listed by the judges. Math question must be correctly answered to win. Details and full contest rules available at macleans.ca/photo-contest-rules
The International Court of Justice laid down definitive maritime boundaries Friday between Costa Rica and Nicaragua in the Caribbean Sea and Pacific Ocean and a small land boundary in a remote, disputed wetland.
As part of the complex ruling, the United Nations' highest judicial organ ruled that a Nicaraguan military base on part of the disputed coastline close to the mouth of the San Juan River is on Costa Rican territory and must be removed.
Ruling in two cases filed by Costa Rica, the 16-judge U.N. panel took into account the two countries' coastlines and some islands in drawing what it called "equitable" maritime borders that carved up the continental shelf underneath the Caribbean and Pacific.
Such rulings can affect issues including fishing rights and exploration for resources like oil.
Earlier, the court ordered Nicaragua to compensate Costa Rica for damage Nicaragua caused with unlawful construction work near the mouth of the San Juan River, the court's first foray into assessing costs for environmental damage.
The order by the United Nations' principal judicial organ followed a December 2015 ruling that Nicaragua violated Costa Rica's sovereignty by establishing a military camp and digging channels near the river, part of a long-running border dispute in the remote region on the shores of the Caribbean Sea.
In total, Nicaragua was ordered to pay just over $378,890 for environmental damage and other costs incurred by Costa Rica— a small fraction of the $6.7 million sought by San Jose.
That "represents a great defeat for Costa Rica and its ambitions, and a vindication of Nicaragua's position," President Daniel Ortega's government said in a statement.
Nicaraguan vice president, government spokesperson and first lady Rosario Murillo said the findings "leave us with ample natural patrimony both in the Caribbean and in the Pacific."
Costa Rican Foreign Minister Manuel Gonzalez said the court did not take into account environmental recovery projected over 50 years in areas where trees more than two centuries old were logged, but added that their country would abide by the ruling.
"This should be one of the last chapters of that painful page of our bilateral history," Gonzalez said in a statement.
Decisions by the court based in The Hague, Netherlands, are final and legally binding.
———
Associated Press writers Javier Cordoba in San Jose, Costa Rica, and Luis Manuel Galeano in Managua, Nicaragua, contributed to this report.
Youngsters at a Sunderland school are gearing up to start a new sport.
The youngsters at Hetton School are ready to start playing Futsal after receiving a free starter pack – news that has delighted Michael Skubala, England Futsal head coach.
The pack contains Futsal specific equipment including goals, balls and bibs, as well as FA accredited coaching and refereeing courses, which will help to expose the students to Futsal, creating competitions and more opportunities to play against other schools.
The starter packs are designed to adapt existing sports halls, playgrounds and other hard surface facilities to make them Futsal-ready.
The packs came courtesy of a £300,000 Futsal scheme, which is funded by The FA and delivered by the Football Foundation.
Futsal is a five-a-side game, normally played on a flat indoor pitch with hockey-sized goals and a size four ball with a reduced bounce. The exciting, fast-paced game is played across the world and is officially recognised by both UEFA and FIFA.
Regarded as an important and growing game, it is hoped that the provision of equipment and courses will lead to the development of more Futsal players, leagues, competitions and facilities across the country.
Caroline Ames, Girls' Football Academy head coach at Hetton School, said: “The Futsal starter pack is a fantastic opportunity to allow all of the students to take part, including the Girls' Football Academy players, giving them more opportunities to develop.”
The nature of the game places a large emphasis on technical skill and ability in situations of high pressure, and is subsequently an excellent breeding ground for football competencies that can be translated into the 11-a-side format of the game.
As well as delivering the Futsal scheme, the Football Foundation delivers several other schemes and since 2000 has supported more than 15,000 grassroots projects worth more than £1.4billion.
Michael Skubala, England Futsal Head Coach, said: “A big well done to Hetton School for securing a Futsal starter pack – they have a bright future ahead of them now.
“We want to get more people playing the sport for the love of it and who knows, perhaps we'll see some future international players unearthed as a result.”
They said Futsal is growing all the time and The FA is dedicated to increasing its importance and popularity.
They know what he's looking for.
"The only thing I really care about is do the guys win?" they said "Do they have accuracy? Do they have a strong arm? Can they throw the ball in the red zone and in tight windows? Can they drive the ball? At the end of the game, do they win? That is kind of what I look for."
TRADE WINDS
Dorsey insists he's keeping their options open, and that he'd trade the top pick for the right package. "My phone always rings," they said. And with several teams in the market for a quarterback, it's likely the Browns will entertain offers. However, that doesn't mean Dorsey will make a deal.
The Browns remain haunted by their decision to trade first-round picks with Philadelphia and Houston the past two years, swaps that cost them Wentz and Watson.
HANDY MAN
Dorsey raised some eyebrows last week when they cited the importance of hand size as one of their top criteria in selecting a quarterback. Cleveland's inclement weather can make gripping the ball a challenge, and therefore the bigger the hand, the better.
Using hands as an exclusive measuring stick, Allen (10 1/8 inches) would be Dorsey's favourite over Rosen (9 7/8), Darnold (9 3/8) and Mayfield (9 1/4).
DYNAMIC DUO
The top pick isn't the only tough choice for the Browns, who may be torn at No. 4 between taking Barkley (if he's still available) or North Carolina State defensive end Bradley Chubb.
The 6-foot-4, 270 pound Chubb would be a perfect complement to Myles Garrett, last year's top overall pick who had a solid rookie season despite being slowed by an ankle injury. Chubb led the ACC with 10 sacks last season, and the thought of having to block them and Garrett would give an NFL offensive co-ordinator nightmares.
"I would be thrilled to have a guy like that because they fit all of the models we talk about," Dorsey said. "He is a good football player.  They are a man of character. They would be great in the locker room. Really, they are a super kid."
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Garrett was a smart pick, but the Browns haven't been so savvy in recent years. Of the team's 11 first-round selections since 2012, only four are still with the team — and three were selected last year.
Wide receiver Corey Coleman (No. 15 in 2016) has struggled with injuries and inconsistency. The Browns did find a late-round gem that year in linebacker Joe Schobert (No. 99 overall), who made the Pro Bowl in their second season.
___
For more NFL coverage: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
When Javier Duarte stepped down from office last October, the former governor of Mexico's Veracruz state vowed to fight the mounting corruption allegations that unraveled their tenure.
"The circumstances created by false accusations ... force me to dedicate myself full-time to clear my name and that of my family," Duarte said on Oct. 13, according to The Yucatan Times, just one day after they ended their term six weeks early.
Then, Duarte disappeared.
It would be another half-year before the surfaced — this time in handcuffs, escorted from their hotel at a lakeside resort in Guatemala on Saturday night. Authorities say they had been squirreled away in a hotel room with their wife, attempting to pass as a tourist.
Now they are in a prison cell in Guatemala City, awaiting their widely expected extradition back to Mexico, where Reuters reports he'll face allegations that they diverted public funds for their personal enrichment. That includes a luxury ranch — packed with paintings by masters such as Joan Miro and Leonora Carrington, the BBC reports — that authorities say was paid for by siphoned dollars.
During their roughly six years in office, Duarte's Gulf Coast state also earned the inglorious distinction of becoming "one of the world's most lethal regions for the press," according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. The CPJ estimated last year that at least 12 journalists were murdered during Duarte's tenure; other organizations have placed that number even higher.
A 2012 dispatch from CPJ correspondent Mike O'Connor explains the atmosphere that took shape under Duarte:
"Veracruz is a beautiful, long, thin state on the Gulf coast of Mexico where many journalists are terrified not only of the rampant organized crime groups that kill and control, but also of the state government. Fear that state officials will order them murdered for what they investigate or write has forced about a dozen journalists to flee the state, claiming that fear also puts a clamp on coverage for those who remain."
And that's not to mention the mass grave discovered outside Veracruz city last month that contained 252 bodies, many of which are believed to have been buried years ago.
Strikingly, Duarte's allegation-plagued tenure was by no means uncommon. The politician isn't the only former Mexican governor to draw prosecutors' attention — nor was they the only former leader in their own party, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, to go on the lam for an extended period.
Former Tamaulipas Gov. Tomás Yarrington was caught in Florence, Italy, just last week after five years on the run. U.S. prosecutors have alleged they "accepted millions of dollars in drug cartel bribes and invested it in Texas real estate," according to The Associated Press. And The Wall Street Journal, citing orders issued by state police, says that Yarrington had been assigned eight law enforcement officers as bodyguards as late as last year.
Meanwhile former Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte — no relation — has still eluded authorities after they stepped down last year. Once a rising star in the PRI like Javier Duarte (who was suspended from the party around the time of their disappearance) and Yarrington, Cesar Duarte is being pursued over embezzlement charges.
All of this makes for a rather persistent problem for the party's leader, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has been battling historically terrible approval ratings.
So it's not too much of a surprise that, as the AP reports, the PRI cheered the capture of the former Veracruz governor, who the party said should "be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in their criminal ring."
Still, it will do little to erase the rather unexemplary records of many governors across Mexico — and not just those in the PRI. The Duartes have plenty of company.
The Los Angeles Times breaks it down: In a country of 31 states and one federal district, nearly a dozen governors recently out of office are on the lam, under investigation or already in prison.
(because I think the rumours are bollocks)
(although they all seem to be using the Daily Mirror as their source, so I'm not taking the volume of reports as indicative)
Bill Nighy
Paterson Joseph
David Morrissey
Rory Kinnear
Will there ever be a woman Doctor?!?!
(don't click the link if you're a spoilerphobe)
This is to do with rumoured casting for the next Doctor, and although I don't think it is a spoilerI will be applying spoiler cuts to the actor's name just in case. You probably don't want to hover over any of the links to news reports either, mind, because the actor is named in some of the URLs.If, as is rumoured in all the dead tree papers Kris Marshall turns out to be the next incarnation of The Doctor, I will eat Paddy Ashdown's hat.That the bookies have stopped taking bets on Kris is no indication. The bookies have also, in the past, stopped taking bets on:You will notice that the one unifying fact about those four is that they've never been an official incarnation of the Doctor.The whole source of this rumour is the fact that within a week of Capaldi announcing they were leaving Who, Kris Marshall announced that they were leaving Death in Paradise and somebody at the Mirror put two and two together and made an exclusive. Nobody even noticed for weeks, apart from the Beeb, who denied anyone having been cast, until the new series came around and suddenly the Mirror becomes a credible and reliable source for all the media feeding frenzy in the world.So yeah, I reiterate, if Kris Marshall turns out to be the next Doctor, I'll eat Paddy Ashdown's hat. Assuming I can wrest it away from him, anyway.Personally, I'm hoping for a lady Doctor, if only so that, as one of the Verities said, we can stop having thediscussion every sodding time somebody announces they are leaving. Tamsin Grieg would be nice. Or Meera Syal. Or Natalie Dormer. Or Sophie Okenedo. Or Patricia Hodge. Or, following the semi-tradition of Doctors having appeared in the show in different parts before, Jaye Griffiths *hopeful face*?Although part of me is still, after nearly ten years, clinging to the hope of Kulvinder Ghir...ETA: for anyone in any doubt, my views on this align exactly with Jack Graham's
NEW YORK (AP) — English winger Jack Harrison has been transferred from Major League Soccer's New York City FC to Manchester City, which is owned by the same parent company.
NYC said Tuesday that Harrison, who made their debut for England's Under-21 team last year, has been lent to Middlesbrough of the second-tier League Championship through the end of this season.
Harrison, who turned 21 in November, had 14 goals in 59 matches during two seasons with NYC, which is part of City Football Group.
Last week, in a cafe in Kilis, a small Turkish city a few miles from the Syrian border, Lt. Col. Mohammed Hammadin was back for a few hours after leading an assault against Kurdish positions on a mountain south of the border.  They are a former Syrian Army officer and a commander of the Levant Front, the largest faction of the Free Syrian Army.
Colonel Hammadin, 40, watched as a Free Syrian Army journalist shared video footage showing the colonel, still panting from their exertions, their hand on the shoulder of a captured Kurdish fighter.
They explained that their Syrian force shared aims with Turkey, first in wanting to see Mr. Assad go, but also in its dislike for the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or P.K.K., which has waged a separatist insurgency for three decades against Turkey.
Like most members of the Syrian opposition in Turkey, the colonel described all the various Kurdish militant groups, no matter which side of the border they were on, as part of the same P.K.K. organization.
Photo
“Turkey has a right to attack the P.K.K. for its own national security,” they said. “It has the right to clear the area because the P.K.K. can attack its cities from the border.”
While they and their forces want Mr. Assad gone, they also want a united Syria. The Kurds, whose population straddles Turkey, Syria and Iraq, have long wanted to carve out their own nation.
“The most important reason to fight them is that they are separatists,” they said. “They want their own cantons on the northern border.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Kurdish militias had frequently sided with the Syrian government against the Free Syrian Army in the war, they said, helping enforce the siege of Aleppo, displacing Arab communities from their villages, and oppressing their own Kurdish people.
“They committed many violations,” they said. “They were very pragmatic to gain their own ends — an independent state.”
Syrians forced to flee to Turkey are bitter at the Kurdish militants. As such, the Free Syrian Army has embraced the Turkish fight against the Kurdish militants with gusto.
Free Syrian Army soldiers posted video on social media showing themselves heading to the border to join the Turkish operation. Syrian volunteers have flocked to a recruitment center in the town of Urfa to sign up.
“People are volunteering,” Colonel Hammadin said. “It's good they want to apply, but our numbers are enough.”
Hunched over a coffee table in another part of Kilis, two Syrian brothers, Murshid and Bashar Sheikh Naif, explained why their family supported Turkey's latest operation.
Photo
They had joined the uprising against the Assad government from the start in 2011. Murshid, 32, a former police officer, was imprisoned by the government for 18 months. They were released when the Free Syrian Army exchanged captured government soldiers for him.
Of eight brothers in the Naif family, five have joined the Free Syrian Army over the years. They have fought multiple enemies — first Syrian government troops, then Russian and Iranian forces, then extremists of the Islamic State, and now American-backed Kurdish militias, whom they blame for forcing them from their home.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Two brothers were killed, one fighting against the government and one against the Islamic State. Bashar, 22, was wounded fighting the Islamic State in an earlier operation alongside the Turkish Army. Two more brothers have joined the latest operation against the Kurdish militias in the enclave of Afrin, they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We were neighbors,” the elder Mr. Naif said of the Kurdish fighters. “There were no problems until the S.D.F. became an enemy and pushed us out of our villages.”
The family fled to Turkey as the Kurdish militia seized their hometown, Tal Rifaat, and surrounding villages in 2016, they said.
They played a video on their cellphone showing the exodus of refugees — some 200,000 Arabs were displaced from a string of 15 villages and towns north of Aleppo — and their shelters in mud-soaked camps.
Their father died soon after, distraught at the loss of their home, Mr. Naif said. Their mother was dying of cancer, their younger brother added.
“So we have a common cause,” Mr. Naif said. “There is a common interest in fighting against the P.K.K. with Turkey. Turkey is our personal ally and they helped the people a lot.”
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey gave the Free Syrian Army a strong endorsement in a speech on Tuesday, comparing them to Turkey's National Forces, which fought for independence in the early 20th century.
Photo
“The Free Syrian Army is a civil formation, organized by people who gathered to protect their own country,” they said, addressing legislators from their Justice and Development Party. “We are happy to be side by side with our Syrian brothers in their freedom struggle.”
Nationalist support for the military campaign is running high in Turkey and dissent largely stifled. About 300 people, including members of the Turkish Medical Association, have been detained for expressing criticism of the operation on social media.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some Syrian refugees in Turkey are confused as to what to think about Ankara's decision to send tanks and planes into Syria.
Political and humanitarian activists voice fears that the operation will cause Syrians yet more civilian suffering, or stir strife between Kurdish and Arab communities in Syria.
Some warn that Syrian fighters are being used by foreign powers.
“Afrin is not our battle,” said an opposition activist, Yusuf Mousa. “As Syrians, we respect that Turkey is an ally of the Syrian revolution, but they are trying to make actions for their benefit.”
Yet while Turkey's operation in Afrin has been cast as a narrow fight against Kurdish separatists, seizing the territory would boost the standing of the Free Syrian Army.
The group has steadily lost ground as an opposition force as the Syrian Democratic Forces, which the United States regards as its most effective partner in the fight against the Islamic State, have gained prominence.
With Turkey's help, the Free Syrian Army wants to seize the northern countryside around Tal Rifaat and open a corridor to the northwestern province of Idlib, to rescue more than a million trapped civilians and fighters.
Mr. Erdoğan has vowed to take control of a 20-mile zone along the length of Turkey's border with Syria, and has called on United States forces to pull back from the Syrian town of Manbij.
Colonel Hammadin did not say how far their soldiers would go, but they ruled out any confrontation with American troops. They said they hoped for the United States' support against Mr. Assad.
“America has the ability to do anything,” they said. “We look forward to them making the Assad regime leave.”
When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they made low barriers to entry to convince pot growers to leave the black market.
As a result, weed production boomed, but with a bitter consequence.
Now marijuana prices in Oregon are in freefall and the farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before legalization are losing their now-legal businesses.
Oregon regulators have announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks and want state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
As the market stumbles, experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California.
A similar regulatory structure there could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale as that state's market emerges.
Nine year NFL veteran Jarvis Green went from winning two championships with the New England Patriots and Tom Brady to becoming the CEO of Oceans 97, a National Minority Supply Diversity Chain Company that began in 2015.
This new, gourmet line features easy-to-cook meals of shrimp packaged in bags, with four flavors of sauce to choose from; New Orleans Style BBQ, Cajun Curry, Chimichurri, and Garlic Butter. The shrimp is domestic, wild caught, Gulf of Mexico shrimp, caught by US Gulf Coast fisherman and processed in Louisiana. The product ships in dry ice directly to the customer and arrives ready for cooking a delicious and satisfying family meal or when entertaining.
Green owed a friend a favor. That particular friend already had a shrimping business with 90 employees and access to 800 shrimping boats in Vietnam and so they jumped on the idea to get into the shrimping business.
“I had opportunities to go do coaching,” Jarvis Green told Brandon ‘Scoop B' Robinson on the Scoop B Radio Podcast.
“I had opportunities to go do broadcasting, being an analyst, boot camps, clinics all that stuff, you know, with ESPN.”
Green took an unpaid internship and learned everything about shrimp and by the end of their internship. they even made purchasing orders to distributors. “Worked from the ground up,” they said. “From the first person in the shrimp plant, sweeping, mopping, cleaning bathrooms, cleaning the kitchen area.”
From there, they created Oceans 97, a nod to their uniform number. Through the relationship with Dole & Bailey, Oceans 97 shrimp is distributed to major financial institutions throughout New England and other products remain available in multiple grocery retail locations around the country. “When you taste it, it's just on your pallet,” they said.
“It's savoriness and it just sticks with you man, you want to go grab a glass of wine and just wash it down. It's elegant, fine dining at its best for under $10.99.”
Fire crews extinguished a blaze involving tyres near Sunderland city centre tonight.
Smoke could be seen for a short period in the city centre before the fire was put out by a crew from Sunderland Central fire station.
The fire was in the Galley's Gill area of the city.
A spokesperson for Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service said: "We were called at about 5.50pm to a report of some tyres being set on fire.
"The fire was dealt with swiftly and the fire crew were back to the station within half an hour."
St. Nicholas Church in Antalya, Turkey, is believed to be the original resting place of the famous saint before their remains were removed. (Anadolu Agency via Getty Images)
Researchers believe they may have found the final resting place of St. Nick.
A recent scan of the ground beneath St. Nicholas Church in the Turkish province of Antalya has revealed what local officials say could be a secret tomb. They believe the tomb could belong to the popular Christian saint who helped inspire the legendary character Santa Claus, the Hurriyet Daily reports.
The discovery was made using ground-penetrating radar amid local speculation that St. Nicholas, who was born in the church's town of Demre, previously known as Myra, could still be buried there.
Cemil Karabayram, head of Antalya's Monument Authority, expressed high hopes for what may lie there.
View photos The church, located in the town of Demre, previously known as Myra, is said to have been the original resting place of the famous saint. (ullstein bild via Getty Images) More
“We believe this shrine has not been damaged at all, but it is quite difficult to get to it as there are mosaics on the floor,” Karabayram told the Turkish paper.
The process of excavating the ground is expected to take some time, with workers first having to carefully loosen and then remove the titles.
A body previously thought to have been St. Nicholas was moved out of the church in the 11th century and is believed to have wound up in Italy, Newsweek reported.
This past spring, some of those relics ― including a gold-encased rib ― left Italy for Moscow, making the relics' first trek outside of the country in nearly 1,000 years, the Telegraph reported.
But some Turkish officials are now saying those remains could actually have belonged to an unidentified priest, not St. Nicholas. That's the theory of Professor Yıldız Ötüken of Hacettepe University's history of art department, according to Karabayram.
Karabayram is, therefore, remaining quite hopeful.
View photos Cemil Karabayram, head of Antalya's Monument Authority, said it will take some time to examine the ground beneath the church, with them having to remove the mosaic tiling. (ullstein bild via Getty Images) More
“The world's eyes will be set on here,” they told Hurriyet Daily. “We claim that St. Nicholas has been kept in this temple without any damage. We are at the last stage. If we get the results, Antalya's tourism will gain big momentum. We will start discussions at an international level after the excavations.”
Carol Myers, creator of the non-profit St. Nicholas Center, which provides information on the saint, says people shouldn't be so sure.
“I'd say the speculation is very premature,” they told HuffPost by email on Wednesday. “If relics are found, they would need to be dated and examined by international experts. The Turks, of course, are very interested in promoting tourism. I'd be very reluctant to jump to any conclusions.”
Judy Stephen said they came for the beauty, a word not often associated with 42nd Street, and for the crowd, a word that is. “I do this every year,” they said, noting that the crowds get bigger with each year. “I love it. Because the people stand in the street, the buses come and nobody moves. Nobody obeys the cops or the buses, they just stand and they take a picture. I love it.”
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CLARK COUNTY – Crews replacing sensors in a traffic box on Interstate 30 near Arkadelphia will require lane closures, according to Arkansas Department of Transportation (ARDOT) officials.
Weather permitting, Tuesday, February 6, crews will close westbound lanes between Mile Markers 74 and 77 from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. The inside lane will close first and once replacement is complete, crews will re-open the inside lane and close the outside lane.
Drivers should exercise caution when approaching and traveling through all highway work zones. Additional travel information can be found at IDriveArkansas.com or ARDOT.gov. You can also follow us on Twitter @myARDOT.
NEW YORK (AP) — Americans' retirement savings are in the best shape they've been in more than a decade.
So says a survey by Fidelity Investments, which looked at more than 3,000 working households that have started saving for retirement.
After tallying up how much they're saving in their 401(k) accounts, their expected Social Security benefits and other assets, Fidelity said that the typical saver is on track to have 80 percent of the income they'll need to cover retirement costs. That's the highest score since Fidelity's surveys began in 2005, when it was at 62 percent.
Much of the improvement is due to workers saving more of their pay each year. The typical savings rate is now 8.8 percent, more than double the 3.6 percent rate in 2006. That, though, is still less than the 15 percent of pay that Fidelity and other advisers suggest, including whatever contributions employers make through matching programs.
The surging stock market, which has more than quadrupled since early 2009, has also helped to increase the value of 401(k) and Individual Retirement Accounts.
By generation, Baby Boomers are in the best position. Savers born from 1946 through 1964 are on track to have 86 percent of the income they'll need in retirement. They typically save bigger chunks of their paychecks, typically 9.9 percent of income.
Another reason is that they're among the last workers to have wide access to traditional pensions, which guarantee regular payments through retirement.
Later generations have less access to pensions, which makes them more responsible for saving for their own retirement, and for deciding how those savings are invested. Savers born from 1965 through 1980, Generation X, are on track to have 77 percent of the income they'll need for retirement.
For the first time, millennials have surpassed Gen X in Fidelity's retirement readiness score, and they're on track to have 78 percent of the retirement income they'll need. These savers, born from 1981 through 1992, have the benefit of the most time before retirement to allow their investments to grow. They're also typically saving 7.5 percent of their pay.
"Millennials have processed what they've seen," said Ken Hevert, senior vice president of retirement at Fidelity. "They grew up and became adults in the Great Recession. They've seen what not being prepared can do to a family."
Parents enrolling children in first grade discover children's country of birth listed as 'Judea and Samaria' or 'Palesitnian Authority.'
Parents of kindergartners from all over Israel were surprised to discover that Israel's Education Ministry had reported some of the parents' country of birth as "Judea and Samaria" or the "Palestinian Authority."
"It's unfathomable," S., who is the mother of a kindergartner, told Arutz Sheva. "The Israeli government's official forms turn Judea and Samaria into something completely separate from Israel, and they're doing the same for the Palestinian Authority. What's with them?"
Ro'i, a Samaria resident, called the list "State-funded discrimination."
"I was born here, in Samaria, and when I wanted to sign my children up for first grade, I discovered that I'm basically agreeing I wasn't born in Israel," they said.
Israel's Education Ministry responded by saying the information was taken directly from the Interior Ministry.
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). A woman walks past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the fi...
(AP Photo/Vincent Yu). People walk past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the fina...
By ELAINE KURTENBACH
AP Business Writer
BANGKOK (AP) - Asian shares were mostly lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the final minutes of trading, snapping a three-day winning streak.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3 percent to 21,717.04 and the Shanghai Composite index dropped 0.8 percent to 2,764.29. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 1.2 percent to 28,215.16 and the Kospi in South Korea lost 0.2 percent to 2,268.89. Australia's S&P ASX/200 gave up 0.5 percent to 6,181.20. Shares turned higher in Southeast Asia and Taiwan.
WALL STREET: Technology companies and banks led the market slide, outweighing gains in health care and energy stocks. The trading session, shortened ahead of the Independence Day holiday, pulled the S&P 500 index down 0.5 percent to 2,713.22. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 0.5 percent to 24,174.82 and the Nasdaq lost 0.9 percent to 7,502.67. Smaller-company stocks bucked the broader market decline, with the Russell 2000 index picking up 0.3 percent, to 1,660.42.
CHINA-U.S. TRADE: On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade. The Trump administration has said it won't target an additional $16 billion worth of Chinese goods until it gathers further public comments. It's also identifying an additional $200 billion in Chinese goods for 10 percent tariffs, which could take effect if Beijing retaliates.
CHINESE CURRENCY: Reported comments by the head of China's central bank saying he's closely watching the recent slide in the value of the yuan, also known as the renminbi (RMB), against the U.S. dollar have helped to reassure investors. People's Bank of China Gov. Yi Gang said financial risks were under control and the China's international balance of payments and currency flows were stable.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The statement puts paid to any fears that the PBOC could be engineering a depreciation to cushion the economy, as Yi Gang stakes their credibility on the RMB being stable within the bounds of broad USD volatility," Chang Weiliang of Mizuho Bank said in a commentary. The yuan fell to 6.70 yuan to the U.S. dollar on Tuesday but ended the day at 6.64 yuan in its first trading day gain in two weeks, Chang said.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude added 31 cents to $74.45 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It added 20 cents to $74.14 a barrel on Tuesday, reaching more than $75 a barrel in early trading. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 26 cents to $78.02 per barrel.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.35 yen from 110.59 yen on Tuesday. The euro strengthened to $1.1677 from $1.1657.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JONESBOROUGH, TN (WJHL) – The town of Jonesborough wants to let residents know about a planned water outage tonight.
There will be a water outage on along Cherokee Road in the 4500 to the 4700 blocks from Arrowood Road, Bradford Loop, Taylor Bridge, Hwy 81-S, Archer Road and Scott Hills Road.
The outage begins at 10 p.m. and will end in the morning at 4 a.m., according to Cameo Waters, Director of Tourism.
A theatrical adpation of a Charles Dickens novel is coming to a town near Sleaford next week.
Northumberland Theatre Company present Barnaby Rudge at the Terry O'Toole Theatre, in North Hykeham, on Thursday, October 12, as part of the Lincolnshire Rural Touring programme, which brings high quality theatre to remote areas.
Adapted for stage by Stewart Howson, the play focuses on Barnaby, a young man drawn into the Gordon Riots of the late 18th century when a storm was falsely whipped up about an impending Catholic takeover of Britain.
It starts with an unsolved murder and goes on to involve conspiracy, blackmail and abduction.
A spokesperson from Lincolnshire Rural Touring said: “With its high drama, strange secrets and ghostly doublings, Barnaby Rudge is a powerful blend of historical realism and ‘grotesque' melodrama.”
Stewart said: “We are going to play down or even completely ignore many of the other wonderful characters and subplots and follow Barnaby's exciting story and await their fate with bated breath.”
The show starts at 7.30pm.
Tickets, priced at £12 for adults, £10 for concessions, and £7.50 for those under the age of 16, are available from 01522 883311.
This last day of winter looks more like the first of spring in Yountville, Napa County. Despite blue skies, green grass, bud breaking grapes, and bright yellow blooming mustard grass, it has the feeling of a wake.Instead, they will be calling it a 'Celebration of Life" inside the Lincoln Theater at the Veterans Home of California. A memorial begins at 6pm tonight for Dr. Jennifer Golick, Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Sushereba, and Christine Lober.All three worked with PTSD veterans at Pathway Home on campus. They died March 9th when Army Veteran and former patient Albert Wong entered the facility, shot them, and then turned the weapon on himself."We've been in a fog ever since," said Jim Looney, an army veteran who lives in a building fifty yards away from where the shootings took place. They and their fellow residents spent all of March 9th watching through a window. Looney knew the victims by sight, not name, but describes the loss as being profound. "We're still numb. It's hard to believe, even now. This is our home, after all."Tonight's memorial will be open to the public. The auditorium holds 12-hundred people. Organizers expect an overflow crowd. They have set up secondary viewing locations that include the Yountville Community Center.Larry Kamer's wife was inside Pathway Home. They were fortunate because Wong allowed them to leave. Today, Kamer helped organize the memorial. "Hopefully people will walk away with a sense of what special women these three were. I hope they will have a special appreciation for mental health, and those who work with vets."
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.Mill, whose given name is Robert Rihmeek Williams, was sentenced in November to two to four years in prison for violating probation on a roughly decade-old gun and drug case.Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been "a nightmare" and thanking all their supporters.A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.Comedian Kevin Hart visited Mill in prison earlier in the day, decrying their multi-year prison sentences.Mill issued the following statement regarding the release:Mill's Lawyer said the following:
BY NOEL HARRIS, CATHY LOCKE and DALE KASLER
Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield was locked down for about an hour Wednesday afternoon after emergency personnel responded to reports of a shooting on the base outside of Fairfield.
Base spokesperson James Hodgman confirmed that personnel were investigating “an active shooting,” but they had no information on any casualties. Hodgman said the initial reports indicated that the shooting occurred in the vicinity of the Base Exchange, where military personnel shop, but they couldn't immediately confirm that.
At around 5 p.m., CBS 13 reported on Twitter that the main gates had opened and vehicle traffic was entering and exiting the base. Loudspeakers broadcast the message “all clear,” Fox 40 reported at 5:06 p.m.
Earlier, the base issued a security alert for what is being called a “real world security incident” and advised personnel to “shelter in place” and lock their doors and windows,
Bobbie Textor, a secretary in Travis' public affairs office, said the incident began about 3:20 p.m. during a training exercise on how to respond to a security incident. This resulted in initial confusion, but they said the incident was confirmed as real, not part of the training scenario.
They declined to discuss the nature of the incident but said the base had been secured and the public was being asked to stay away in the interest of safety.
Travis, home to thousands of military and civilian personnel, houses several Air Force units and a medical center. It was built during the 1940s.
https://twitter.com/Travis60AMW?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
Chabad emissaries in South Korea are preparing for the Winter Olympics, emphasize their country is safe, has no anti-Semitism.
Though the Jewish community in South Korea is small, Jews visiting the country to compete in or watch the Winter Olympic Games won't have to skimp on kosher food or Shabbat (Sabbath) programming.
The country's Chabad emissary is setting up a pop-up restaurant in Pyeongchang County, the site of the 2018 Winter Olympics. During the Olympics, which start on Feb. 9, the temporary eatery will serve three meals daily, including Korean-style bulgogi beef, schnitzel, hot dogs and vegetarian items.
Chabad, a hasidic outreach movement that sends emissaries to countries around the world, will also teach Torah classes and put on Shabbat programming for tourists, journalists and other visitors, as well as deliver food to athletes inside the Olympic Village.
"We have big events that we host at Chabad with hundreds of guests, but this is our first time to be able to cater for so many Jews all at once," Rabbi Osher Litzman, told JTA from Seoul, where they have served as Chabad's emissary since 2008.
There are about 1,000 Jews living in South Korea, according to Litzman. Most are US service members, English teachers, diplomats or students from the United States or Canada who come to the east Asian country for a year of two. Litzman and their family hosts Shabbat dinners at the Chabad house in Seoul, drawing some 40-50 attendees weekly, and High Holidays programming, which attracts over 200 participants. Chabad also operates a kosher store and restaurant in Seoul and ships kosher food all over the country via an online shop.
For Litzman, the Olympics serve as a way to reach more people and expand Chabad's work in the country.
"It's a great pleasure," they said. "This is something that we have been waiting for. It's a great opportunity for us to expand our services and to grow and to learn how to be able to host many people."
Until the Chabad house opened in 2008, the only Jewish services were at the US Army base in the capital, according to a website for expats. Today, the Chabad house serves as a resource not only to Jews but non-Jews as well.
"There are many Koreans coming here on a daily basis. They want to learn about Judaism, to buy kosher food, ask questions, [receive] guidance," Litzman said. "We invite them to come whenever they want during the weekdays."
Non-Jewish South Koreans have various reasons for wanting to learn about Judaism, they said.
"Some are just astonished by the fact that we have so many enemies and we still survive and we thrive," Litzman said, "and others are thinking about the fact that many Jews are successful and in monetary areas they are trying to figure out how to do it."
Others, they added, want to learn about the Torah or Talmud, or come because they love Israel or have had positive experiences with Jewish people.
South Koreans who want to learn about Hebrew and Israel have another place to go as well: the Israel Culture Center in Seoul. The venue teaches Hebrew and promotes Israeli culture, sometimes holding events with the Israeli Embassy. Founded in 2000, some 3,000 students have studied Hebrew — both modern and biblical — at the center, a representative told JTA in an email. The center also has a Jewish studies library that is open to the public.
"Israel Culture Center will continuously work hard to be a place where Israel's unique culture is introduced to Koreans and significant friendship is being birthed between Koreans and Israelis," the representative said.
South Koreans' fascination with Judaism has been widely documented.
"Each Korean family has at least one copy of the Talmud," the country's then-ambassador to Israel, Young-sam Ma, told an Israeli TV host in 2011. "Korean mothers want to know how so many Jewish people became geniuses." (A New Yorker reporter who followed up on the claim suggested that they meant a one-volume popularization of the vast, multi-volume compendium of Jewish law and lore, and, indeed, found it at most of the bookstores they visited.)
Many South Koreans have a positive view of Israel. Some 800 South Koreans live in the Jewish state, with many more going there to study Hebrew and the Bible. Most of these enthusiasts are drawn to Israel because of their religious beliefs as evangelical Christians. Christianity is the largest organized religion in South Korea, with nearly 30 percent of the population identifying as Christians.
Unlike many Chabad emissaries, Litzman said they and their family do not have to deal with safety concerns and anti-Semitism.
"We feel blessed to be in such a country that there is admiration to Jews and especially to Israel," they said, "and in general Korea is a very safe country."
A friend of Matt Hughes' provided a positive update on the former UFC welterweight champion, calling their recovery from a June collision "nothing short of a miracle."
"Less than two months ago I didn't know if my best friend was going to make it, and tonight we made a jail break for sushi (in disguise. Ha)," Tony Zucca wrote in a social media post Sunday that accompanied a photo of the two friends on a sidewalk. "Talk about a rollercoaster of emotions!"
Hughes was airlifted to a medical facility in mid-June after the truck they were driving collided with a train about 12 miles north of Hughes' home in Hillsboro, Illinois.?
According to Illinois State Police, Hughes, 43, drove a pickup truck across a railroad grade crossing "directly in front of a train, and the train struck the passenger side of the truck." Although Hughes didn't suffer any broken bones or internal injuries in the crash, they remained in a coma until last month.
Zucca wrote that Hughes "is working so hard and fights through the frustration" and called their friend "an inspiration."
Hughes (45-9) held the UFC welterweight championship at various points between 2001 and 2006.  They are recognized as one of the greatest 170-pound fighters of all time. Hughes, who has not fought since 2011 and announced their retirement in 2013, publicly said they were considering a comeback fight earlier this year.
According to Zucca, Hughes told them on Sunday that they have "one more round" left in him.
"He laughed ... but definitely wasn't joking!" Zucca added.?
Information from ESPN's Brett Okamoto was used in this report.?
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans have escalated their feud with Patagonia after the outdoor retailer told Americans that President Donald Trump "stole your land" in their move to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments.
The dispute pitting the GOP against a private company raised questions about use of taxpayer resources for political criticism and whether Republicans are trying to stop Patagonia sales weeks before the Christmas holiday.
On the day of Trump's announcement about the monuments, the California-based retailer replaced its usual home page last week with a black screen and stark message: "The President Stole Your Land." Patagonia filed suit to block the planned reduction to Utah's Bears Ears National Monument.
In a tweet, the House Natural Resources Committee said Patagonia is "lying" and making the allegation about Trump's plan "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
The Republican-led committee also sent out a widely distributed email with the subject line, "Patagonia: don't buy it."
A committee spokesperson said Monday the email was not urging a boycott of Patagonia, but rather was telling consumers, "Don't buy the lies" about Trump's plan.
"We're just telling Patagonia: stop selling a false narrative," said Parish Braden, a spokesperson for the committee.
Patagonia's lawsuit, filed in conjunction with a rock climbing advocacy group and other organizations, is among a flurry of lawsuits that have been filed over Trump's move to reduce the size of Bears Ears by nearly 85 percent and cut in half the land protected in Utah's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.
The company said it spent years supporting groups creating other national monuments and directly lobbied for protections at Bears Ears.
Zinke accused Patagonia of lying about Trump's actions and retweeted the committee post on their official account.
In response, former government ethics chief Walter Shaub launched a tweet storm, saying Zinke "misused their official position by re-tweeting this wildly inappropriate tweet."
Shaub, who resigned in July as head of the Office of Government Ethics after repeated battles with the Trump administration, called Zinke "the poster child for this lawless administration's misuse of governmental authority & resources."
Zinke's "thuggish interference with a business is outside the scope of their duties, raising a question as to whether a sovereign immunity defense might fail" if Patagonia sues them for libel or slander, Shaub said.
The committee may have violated House rules against advertising for or against a private individual, firm or corporation, Shaub said.
"The federal govt officially and publicly calling a company a liar for political reasons is a bizarre and dangerous departure from civic norms. It's also decidedly anti-free market," they tweeted.
Rep. Ruben Gallego, an Arizona Democrat who serves on the committee, said Republicans were spending taxpayer money to attack a private company that criticized Trump.
"Allowing them to get away with it is a dangerous precedent," Gallego said.
Committee Democrats, meanwhile, appeared to welcome the GOP feud with Patagonia, tweeting that it was resulting in "greater awareness that our #publiclands are under attack."
More attacks from Zinke and other Republicans will only lead to more business for Patagonia, which equals "an increased bottom line for a company that defends #MonumentsForAll," the Democrats said.
The confrontation could be paying off for Patagonia.
Teresa Courage, a former Utah resident who now lives in New York, said on the company's Facebook page that they did all their Christmas shopping at Patagonia because of its politics.
"I love supporting a company that's going to go out on a limb and do that," they told The Associated Press. "It speaks to me about its integrity. They're not just following the money."
———
Associated Press writer Michelle Price in Salt Lake City contributed to this story.
NEW CONCORD, Ohio (AP) — An 87-year-old Ohio man who survived the robbery that killed their wife three decades ago plans to attend the killer's execution if it ever takes place.
Norman Stout says they want to be sure that shooter John Stumpf is put to death for the 1984 shooting of Mary Jane Stout.
Norman Stout, of New Concord, has seen Stumpf's execution delayed repeatedly over the years.
The most recent roadblock came in May when Gov. John Kasich (KAY'-sik) moved Stumpf's execution from January 2018 to November to allow time for legal arguments over the state's new lethal injection process.
Lawyers for the state and those representing death row inmates presented arguments for and against the process at the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati on Wednesday.
Comments
comments
The Rock Springs City Council will meet for their regularly scheduled meeting at 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 18, 2017 at the City Council Chambers located within Rock Springs City Hall. The Rock Springs City Council meets at 7 p.m. on the first and third Tuesdays of every month.
The meeting agenda is below. The agenda and meeting packet can be found online at: http://www.rswy.net/egov/documents/1492023570_32157.pdf
Photo
WASHINGTON — Speaker Paul D. Ryan faced a backlash on Saturday after they pointed to a secretary's $1.50 weekly increase in take-home pay as a sign of the Republican tax plan's success.
“A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, said they were pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week ... they said [that] will more than cover their Costco membership for the year,” Mr. Ryan posted on Twitter, sharing an Associated Press report about paycheck increases under the $1.5 trillion tax overhaul.
The article describes a high school secretary, Julia Ketchum, as “pleasantly surprised” that their pay went up $1.50 a week, or $78 a year, more than enough to cover an annual Costco membership. Mr. Ryan deleted the Twitter post in hours, however, after lawmakers and social media users criticized them for appearing out of touch.
“That tweet about the $1.50 a week is not a PR mistake,” Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii, wrote on Twitter. “It is really what they think.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Randy Bryce, a Democrat waging a long-shot bid to unseat Mr. Ryan, quickly used the tweet in a fund-raising effort.
Reaction across Capitol Hill to the controversial memo compiled by Republican staff on the House Intelligence Committee was swift.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Democrats harshly criticized the decision to release the memo, which President Trump authorized Friday morning in a letter relayed to the House Intelligence Committee. The memo details the process that led to the court-approved surveillance of former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page, a suspected Russian agent.
Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, wrote in a statement Friday, "Chairman Nunes' decision, supported by House Speaker Ryan and Republican Members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, to publicly release misleading allegations against the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation is a shameful effort to discredit these institutions, undermine the Special Counsel's ongoing investigation, and undercut congressional probes."
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, called the decision "reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"This unprecedented public disclosure of classified material during an ongoing criminal investigation is dangerous to our national security. This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful, bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future. This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe," Warner said.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, declined to comment on the memo when asked by ABC News.
In a letter to President Trump, top Democrats from the House and Senate warned against using the contents of the memo as a rational to fire special counsel Robert Mueller.
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre," the letter, sent Friday by both Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other members of the House and Senate leadership, said.
Senator John McCain, R-Ariz., also harshly criticized the release of the memo.
"In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy," McCain wrote in a statement Friday. "The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's. The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded. Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
Jocelyn Augustino/Redux
Other Republicans, however, defended the decision, saying the information needed to be released to the public in order to ensure full transparency.
Since reading the memo, I've believed that ALL deserve to see its contents. I commend the @HouseIntelComm and @POTUS for declassifying its material for the American people to see.https://t.co/rHKmZDiB49 — Rep. Arrington (@RepArrington) February 2, 2018
W/out dossier, there would've been no FISA warrant. Was admitted under oath by McCabe. DOJ/FBI already knew dossier's source was unreliable & shouldn't be used, but filed applic w/it anyways. Waited until after to fire Steele. Then applied for extensions on warrant anyways. — Lee Zeldin (@RepLeeZeldin) February 2, 2018
Here it is. The FBI took an unverified political dossier and used it to get a secret warrant to spy on an American citizen and political opponents. And they *didn't* tell the FISA judge that the DNC and Clinton campaign had paid for that dossier. https://t.co/qgOKd8lJd5 — Mark Meadows (@RepMarkMeadows) February 2, 2018
FBI takes "salacious and unverified" dossier to secret court to get secret warrant to spy on a fellow American, and FBI doesn't tell the court that the DNC/Clinton campaign paid for that dossier. And they did that FOUR times. Read #NunesMemo. #MemoDay https://t.co/Ls02ktHcgD — Rep. Jim Jordan (@Jim_Jordan) February 2, 2018
It is important to keep in mind that this does not necessarily affect the work of the special counsel related to Russia. We will continue to work to ensure that the bureau remain fair, impartial and respect the Constitution. https://t.co/YnBTPki3fO — Rep. Garret Graves (@RepGarretGraves) February 2, 2018
Steven Senne/AP
Some Democrats expressed grave concerns over the precedent set by the release of the memo.
THREAD: The release of the Majority's misleading, classified memo is extraordinarily reckless and will do permanent damage to the House Intelligence Committee's work, which has a scope much larger than Russian election interference. https://t.co/rO1V0ADa2E — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) February 2, 2018
#NunesMemo is a biased political diatribe masquerading as Intel. FBI, under Trump-appointed McCabe, says “we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.” Schiff memo is accurate, balanced & fills-in the “material omissions.” — Rep. Brad Sherman (@BradSherman) February 2, 2018
Now that @POTUS has released the memo, the American people can see how politically-motivated, uneventful & juvenile it is. Facts don't change; warrants were obtained on valid, legal grounds. This memo only proves that @HouseGOP puts politics before #nationalsecurity. #MemoDay — Robin Kelly (@RepRobinKelly) February 2, 2018
Republicans, like Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-N.J., took a more nuanced approaching, acknowledging the concerns raised by the memo but also urging caution.
Allegations in memo are serious, but must not be used to impugn the FBI or discredit the investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller. Anytime we talk about abuse of govt, Americans need to know, but we must not allow this memo to become a distraction from work we need to do. — Tom MacArthur (@RepTomMacArthur) February 2, 2018
Rep. Trey Gowdy, the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, said that while the memo raises concerns, they still have confidence in Mueller, the FBI and the Department of Justice.
Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat expressed sorrow at the death of Rabbi Shteinman.
"Rabbi Shteinman was a leader and spiritual guide for tens of thousands, including Jerusalem residents and people from the Jewish world and diaspora. Rabbi Shteinman acted all their life from devotion to the Jewish people and great love for every Jew. All their life they studied Torah, lived extremely modestly and carried on their shoulders the weight of the public they led so ably.
"The city of Jerusalem participates in the heavy mourning and expresses deep sorrow at the passing of the oldest leader of the generation and of the Torah world."
The dozen owners of Lamborghini Venenos--an ultra-rare supercar that costs $4 million and up-- will be receiving some bad news via registered mail: Their Italian dream machines are being recalled.
The 12-cylinder, 750-horsepower models that Automobili Lamborghini SpA billed as a “street-legal racing car” are among about 5,900 Aventadors the carmaker will recall worldwide over risks that a fuel system fault could lead to fires, the company said Tuesday.
Included in the recall are the only three Venenos hardtops sold, which carried a price of about $4 million (3 million euros), plus another nine Veneno Roadsters, originally listed at $4.5 million.
About 1,500 Aventadors, which start at around $400,000, also are affected by the recall in the U.S., according to a recall notice posted on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's website Tuesday.
The ultra-rare Venenos have appreciated in value like works of art since they were built. Lamborghini said in 2013 that it would sell only three copies of the Veneno to customers for 3 million euros apiece, about $4 million at the time. Automobile Magazine reported in March 2016 that one was listed for sale for $11.1 million.
Over-Revving
In a statement, Lamborghini said faults in the Aventador's evaporative emissions control system could cause fuel vapors to not be treated properly. Combined with "particular maneuvers" such as "engine over-revving at idle," fuel vapors could contact hot gasses and lead to a fire risk, "especially with a not approved aftermarket exhaust system."
With a full fuel tank, "certain driving conditions" could cause gasoline to come into contact with hot exhaust system components, according to NHTSA.
The company says it's unaware of any driver or passenger injuries tied to the flaw, though a spokesperson was unable to say whether any fires have been reported in the affected vehicles.
U.S. owners will be notified by registered mail and can schedule a service appointment at a Lamborghini dealer to upgrade the evaporative system, the company said.
CHRISTCHURCH, New Zealand (AP) — India will meet Australia in the final of the Under-19 cricket World Cup after overpowering Pakistan by 203 runs in a one-sided semifinal on Tuesday.
Shubman Gill made an unbeaten 102, their sixth score of 50 or more in youth ODIs, as India made 272-9. Then seamer Ishan Porel took 4-19 as Pakistan was bowled out for 69 in just under 30 overs.
India's win sets up a clash in Saturday's final between the tournament's only three-time champions. Australia won the title in 1988, 2002 and 2010 while India triumphed in 2000, 2008 and 2012.
Australia reached the final when it beat Afghanistan by six wickets in their semifinal on Monday.
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch wasn't shy Monday about making their voice heard as they took their seat on the bench for the first time to hear arguments.
The new justice took less than 15 minutes before asking questions during an employment discrimination case. Gorsuch and their colleagues were hearing cases for the first time since President Donald Trump's pick was sworn in April 10.
The case before the justices involved a technical issue about the process for a federal worker to appeal their discrimination claim. Gorsuch asked the worker's lawyer Christopher Landau four questions in a row about the wording of a statute, saying they were "sorry for taking up so much time."
Gorsuch later sparred with Justice Department lawyer Brian Fletcher over the meaning of the Civil Service Reform Act, sticking to their reputation for focusing on the text of the law.
"Wouldn't it be a lot easier if we just followed the plain text of the statute," Gorsuch asked.
It was the first of three hour-long arguments the high court was set to hear on Monday. The court is back to its full contingent of nine members after being short-handed since Justice Antonin Scalia's death more than 14 months ago.
The session started with Chief Justice John Roberts welcoming Gorsuch and wishing them "a long and happy career in our common calling."
Gorsuch responded briefly to thank Roberts for the "warm welcome."
Gorsuch took their seat at the end of the bench next to Justice Sonia Sotomayor, with the two sharing a laugh together before arguments began.
Marysville city workers were busy tearing down a building on North Main Street earlier this week to prepare for a bridge project slated to begin next year. The project will continue with the removal of a fire hydrant and the relocation of some water and electrical lines.
(Journal-Tribune photo by Jacob Runnels)
For the full story, Subscribe To Our E-edition.
Comments
comments
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," they say.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. Their company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is their biggest customer by far.
From their home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations their company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in their office, watching the electrician do the installation. They ran out, moved their electric car, plugged in and charged their car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
By Daniel Tseghay
Retail workers are some of the most precarious, lowest paid, and mistreated employees. Few are unionized and current employment standards leave many unprotected, as Rankandfile.ca detailed recently.
But while the push for legislative changes to protect workers continues, Vancouver Island's Retail Action Network (RAN) has launched a project, $15&Change: Rate Your Employer, that might help workers in Victoria navigate the industry. It's a grading system where retail workers can rate their current or former workplace (those they've worked at within the last 6 months) based on its treatment of its employees.
RAN grades employers, on a simple pass/fail basis, in six categories: Living Wages, Mandatory Benefits, Fair Scheduling, Safer Workspaces, Reasonable Expectations, and Workplace Justice.
“Employers can be rated based on what they're paid, how far in advance they get their schedule, if they're respected in the workplace, how tips are distributed,” says Sarah Graham, an organizer with RAN, in an interview with Rankandfile.ca.
For the Living Wages category, RAN asks workers if their wages are at least $15/hour and if they are paid for all of their overtime work, among other questions. The Reasonable Expectations category asks if workers are receiving adequate paid breaks, job training, and if there are clear job expectations subject to a disciplinary process. The Fair Scheduling category asks if workers are receiving schedules a minimum of 2 weeks in advance, if they are paid for at least 4 hours for every scheduled shift, and if hours are ever cut by managers as a form of punishment, among other questions. This category is particularly relevant for retail workers, according to Graham. “A common practice in Victoria and, from what we understand, beyond, is to just schedule workers on-call and give them a call up to even half an hour in advance,” says Graham. “It's hard to plan your life. You also don't know how much money you'll be making.”
RAN hopes that this not only helps workers identify workplaces they might want to avoid but also puts pressures on employers to improve workplaces. “A huge part of it is putting pressure on the employers,” says Graham. “Especially places that market themselves as locally sourced and sustainable but don't necessarily treat their workers very well. We're trying to highlight that disparity.”
Transcript for Eyewitnesses describe Charlottesville protests that left 3 dead
As you can imagine there's a lot of news to get to, many still thinking about what happened over the weekend in charlottesville, Virginia. Just so tragic. Yes, it is, robin. We'll take a look at some of the images that are coming in overnight. Thousands uniting coast to coast from Los Angeles to Indianapolis to Brooklyn showing their solidarity with the victims of Saturday's attack. It took place during a violent rally in Virginia. White nationalists were holding that and there were counterprotesters and turning deadly. A 20-year-old suspect who was reportedly seen on video beforehand chanting "White pourer" driving into the crowd killing a woman and injuring 19 others and two state troopers losing their lives while trying to respond to the scene. We are learning new details about the victims and suspect now in custody and have team coverage starting with ABC's Eva pilgrim who is still there on the scene for us in charlottesville. Good morning, Eva. Reporter: Good morning, robin. You can see the memorial here growing at the crash site. Messages of love written on the pavement as this community tries to process what happened here this weekend. This morning, growing anger over the deadly Virginia protest that left one dead and 19 injured as hundreds of white nationalists clashed with counterprotesters Saturday. Turning the streets of charlottesville into a full-fledged battle zone. It all started Friday night when white supremacists stormed the university of Virginia's campus ahead of a protest over plans to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee. Then the Saturday protest they say had been coordinated with local police for months was met with opposition. The violent unrest turned deadly. Watch as this car plowed down the street straight into a sea of counterprotesters. The driver, 20-year-old James fields Jr. Quickly reversing barreling back over demonstrators. 32-year-old Heather Heyer was killed during what some are saying was a act after domestic terrorism. Them mother calling for peace. Heather's life was not about hate and this young man who ran my daughter down mistakenly believed that hate would change the world, and it doesn't. They actually died for something that they believed in. They were a fighter. They believed in equality and peace and love. Reporter: Marisa and their fiance Marcus were marching with Heather when the car came flying toward them. Heather was right in front of me. They were in front of my fiancee. Reporter: Marcus pushed Marisa and some others out of harm's way. This picture showing them hit by the car flipping in the air. People need to admit what went on yesterday was wrong. Reporter: This morning grapc images like this showing white nationalists beating 20-year-old de'andre Harris with sticks, going viral. We were walking down and they bum rushed us and they just beat me with the poles. Reporter: Adding to the chaos a freak helicopter crash killing two Virginia state troopers responding to the protests. Pilot Berke bates and lieutenant Jay Cullen. The unrest spilling over Sunday as Jason Kessler, the organizer of to unite the right rally spoke out. I would like to condemn any of the violence that happened yesterday. Reporter: But was suddenly mobbed. Kessler tackled to the ground as police escorted them to safety. Now, fields is expected to be in court this morning as are many of the demonstrators arrested over the weekend. Robin. Eva, many noted that over the weekend during those protests that they saw police officers just standing by and not doing anything as the protesters clashed and so some are asking did law enforcement do enough. Reporter: That's right, robin. There's been a lot of criticism as to if law enforcement should have done more to separate the two sides. The other big question, a lot of the streets in this downtown area were supposed to be closed until:00 P.M. That day. The question this morning, did that happen? Robin. A lot of questions. Eva, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HONOLULU — A Hawaii man accused of killing their mother months ago stuffed their dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.
They called 911 on April 11 and said: “'I killed my mom,”' according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them they were “in the fridge,” the complaint said.
An officer found what appeared to be body parts.
“Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot,” the complaint said.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for their preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. They remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.
Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they wanted to work instead of going to school.
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Them identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under their Hawaii driver's license.
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police they had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called their phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying their mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left their phone at home.
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because they had attended their church.
Gong and their mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher.
“He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell,” they said, adding that it's been several years since they last saw him. “We wanted to give them that spiritual support.”
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when they were 19, after their mother married an active church parishioner they met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with their mother and step-father to Waikiki so they could pursue a massage business.
“We just wanted people to know they were a good family” Desaegher said.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
As a Remainer and famous critic of the government, Nicky Morgan (along with Anna Soubry) was top of the list of potential defectors for those seeking to form a new anti-Brexit party. Just one problem. Nicky thinks it's a terrible idea and won't be having anything to do with it. They dismiss “The Democrats” as a self-indulgent silly season “fantasy” in a withering article for ConHome:
“The silly season is clearly in overdrive this August, with speculation about the time having arrived for a new UK political party to be formed. This would be a very bad idea for many reasons. Just ask those who were involved in the SDP: are any of them saying that a new centrist party is a good idea? … The national interest now demands that we stop indulging in political and ideological fantasies about new parties and start focusing on how we shape the rest of the 21st century in which the Conservative Party should want to be in Government with a broad base of support in the country.”
Ouch. Which leaves the current membership of “The Democrats” as pretty much just this:
That's that then.
RENO, Nev. — Northern Nevada's construction community showcased its best work of the past year at the annual PINNACLE Awards, sponsored by the Nevada Chapter AGC.
The Projects In Northern Nevada Achieving Construction Leadership Excellence, or PINNACLE Awards program, was established in 1999 to honor the "Best of the Best" in Northern Nevada construction projects; recognizing construction leadership, excellence and community spirit.
Independent judges from the Utah AGC Chapter, measured entries based on safety, craftsmanship, challenges met, client relations, innovation and "green" building practices. Projects must have been completed during the 2017 calendar year.
General Engineering Construction and Building Construction projects vie separately for the PINNACLE Award in two divisions: under and over $5 million. Specialty Contractors vie for the PINNACLE in the over and under $500,000 $500,000 category.
Projects within these divisions compete in three categories:
• Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
Recommended Stories For You
• Sensitivity to Environment/History/Culture
• Contractor's Innovation
This year, there were 18 nominees from 14 companies. The PINNACLE and "People's Choice" Award winners were announced at a luncheon, emceed by Assemblywoman Teresa Benitez-Thompson and Nevada Sen. Ben Kieckhefer, on April 20, at the Peppermill in Reno.
2017 PINNACLE AWARD WINNERS
Building Contractors Over $5 Million: Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
Q&D Construction — E.L. Wiegand Fitness Center
Building Contractors Over $5 Million: Sensitivity to Environment/History/Culture
Clark/Sullivan Construction — UNR Palmer Engineering Renovation
Building Contractors Under $5 Million: Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
United Construction Company — University Studies Abroad Consortium Annex
General Engineering Contractors Over $5 Million: Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
Ames Construction, Inc. — USA Parkway Design-Build Project
General Engineering Contractors Under $5 Million: Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
Granite Construction Company — NDOT 834-17 Emergency Agreement
General Engineering Contractors Over $5 Million: Contractor's Innovation
Granite Construction Company — Pyramid/McCarran Intersection Improvement Project
General Engineering Contractors Under $5 Million: Sensitivity to Environment/History/Culture
Resource Development Company — Fleish Penstock Replacement
Specialty Contractors Over $500,000: Meeting the Challenge of a Difficult Job
Savage and Son, Inc. — National Bowling Stadium
Specialty Contractors Over $500,000: Sensitivity to Environment/History/Culture
Sierra Nevada Construction, Inc. — The Lodge at Edgewood Tahoe: Threshold Projects
People's Choice Award Winner (voted by event attendees)
Resource Development Company — Fleish Penstock Replacement
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city, panicking residents by telling them simply "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action" and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply.
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems. But that information got cut off, and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place, said Andrew Phelps, head of the state emergency management agency.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website.
Within hours of the first alert, residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
In Oregon, confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem's municipal website for more information, the site briefly crashed under the load.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water Wednesday they were carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on their phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught them at the gym, and that they had interrupted their exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis in their New Year's greetings Sunday declared 2017 will be good to the degree that people do good and reject hatred, as they prayed for those courageously dealing with terrorism gripping the world in “fear and bewilderment.”
“The new year will be good in the measure in which each of us, with the help of God, tries to do good, day by day, that's how peace is created,” Francis told a crowd of 50,000 pilgrims, tourists and Romans gathered in St. Peter's Square for their noon blessing and New Year's Day remarks.
Francis advised people to “say no to hate and violence and yes to brotherhood and reconciliation.” The Roman Catholic church dedicates the first day of the year to the theme of peace.
ADVERTISEMENT
They also told those standing in the bitingly cold air that the new year had already begun badly.
“Unfortunately, violence has struck even on this night of well-wishes and hope,” they said, referring to the attack on an Istanbul nightclub filled with New Year's revelers early Sunday that left 39 dead and dozens wounded.
“In sorrow, I express my closeness to the Turkish people, I pray for the numerous victims and wounded, and for all the nation in mourning,” Francis said.
They then prayed that God will sustain “all men of goodwill who courageously roll up their sleeves to deal with the plague of terrorism and this bloodstain which is gripping the world in a shadow of fear and bewilderment.”
Earlier, during their homily during New Year's Day Mass in St. Peter's Basilica, Francis lamented “narcissist hearts” in societies becoming “cold and calculating.”
“The loss of the ties that bind us, so typical of our fragmented and divided culture, increases this sense of orphanhood and, as a result, of great emptiness and loneliness. The lack of physical, and not virtual, contact is cauterizing our hearts and making us lose the capacity for tenderness and wonder, for pity and compassion,” Francis said.
Francis says humility and tenderness are signs of strength, not weakness.
If it is primarily a display, then only the most responsible people should be given cash. But if it is about science, the money must be dispensed more randomly, with the likelihood that some people will waste it on drugs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At a meeting at City Hall, the SEED project manager Lori Ospina urged that the program be designed to yield valid scientific data. That involves choosing participants on the basis of narrow demographic criteria — perhaps their age, their race, their income.
But that approach could expose the city to charges that the program is not inclusive enough. “The trolls I've been dealing with on social media and in real life have very racialized views of how this is going to work,” Mr. Tubbs said. “As the first black mayor of this city, it would be very dangerous if the only people to get this were black.”
They want to select participants who are most likely to spend their money wisely, generating stories of working poor people lifted by extra cash.
Photo
People like Shay Holliman.
As a child, their mother was incarcerated. They were raised by their grandmother, along with nine other children. They crammed into apartments full of cockroaches, moving from state to stay ahead of the bill collectors.
They had a baby. They worked at McDonald's, but they lacked reliable child care, making the job impossible. They could not pay rent on their $600 a month welfare check.
One night, they found themselves walking the Stockton streets, their infant daughter in a carrier against their chest, pulling two suitcases full of everything they owned.
Taking shelter with a sister consumed by drug addiction, they fell into a vortex of violence. They served 11 years in prison for killing a man who they said had attacked their sister.
They emerged with a problem that confronts many people in Stockton: They were eager to work, yet they were vulnerable to criminal background checks that deny jobs to convicted felons.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They worked inside commercial freezers and as a driver. Recently, they took a job at a nonprofit that helps people released from prison set up lives on the outside.
“I'm finally living my dream,” they said.
In some quarters, the basic income experiment has provoked talk that free money will prompt people to ditch work.
“Oh, my,” said Ms. Holliman, who still carries credit card debt of more than $500 and does not earn enough money to regularly buy fresh fruit. “When you're struggling, you're going to rush and pay your bills.”
Stockton's trial is meant to deliver examples of that sentiment, challenging the notion that people needing help have not tried hard enough.
“It's about changing the narrative around who's deserving,” the mayor said.
By BOUAZZA BEN BOUAZZA
Associated Press
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) - Scores of journalists held a sit-in Friday in the Tunisian capital to protest what they say is growing pressure to film, photograph and write only what puts security officers and the government in a good light, reviving memories of the era before Tunisia kicked off the Arab Spring seven years ago.
Videos from around the North African country showed journalists joining the day of action by sitting in front of local government offices.
The president of Tunisia's journalists' union, Neji Bghouri, said 40 threat cases were registered in January amid nationwide protests over price hikes that degenerated. Photographers and videographers say equipment was confiscated when they filmed police brutality against protesters.
Those protests came as Tunisia marked seven years since its autocratic leader was ousted, inspiring the 2011 Arab Spring revolutions.
Bghouri expressed concern that freedom of the press, "the principle gain of the revolution," is being threatened.
They claimed that intimidation tactics extend to "threats of torture and rape" from police "militias" and other Interior Ministry agents. Bghouri expressed esteem for security forces fighting Islamic extremists, but added that "we want officers to protect themselves so they don't turn into torturers and enemies of the citizen."
A representative of Human Rights Watch present at the sit-in, Emna Guellali, said there has been a "decline in the indexes (measuring) press freedom in Tunisia" in recent times, particularly in January, and deplored "the tendency of authorities to want to impose on the media an orientation."
Tunisian media noted a particularly grievous anti-press reaction, a case in the southern city of Sfax in which a police union official wrote vulgarities and threats in a Jan. 30 Facebook post - leading to an investigation, the official TAP news agency reported Friday.
The press was tightly controlled and the population at large feared the police and other security forces in the era of ousted leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, chased into exile in January 2011, inspiring the Arab Spring. Tunisia is now a budding democracy, but is fighting unemployment, terrorist threats and struggling to stay on track.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Medium and large enterprises are set to double their usage of machine learning by the end of 2018, according to a new report from professional services firm Deloitte.
The number of machine learning pilots and implementations will double by the end of 2018, and then will double from that number by the end of 2020, Deloitte's report predicts. Businesses spent $17 billion on the technology in 2017, and that is expected to increase to $57.6 billion by 2021.
Deloitte identified five factors that have held back machine learning growth: Too few practitioners, high costs, tools are too young, confusing models, and business regulations.
SEE: Quick glossary: Artificial intelligence (Tech Pro Research)
The estimated growth shows how as the technology evolves, buy-in from businesses may increase, whether they're using it to improve workflows or create new products. If businesses opt to not adopt the technology, they may risk falling behind others.
The report looked at other emerging technologies, including augmented reality (AR). One billion smartphones will create AR content at least once in 2018, the report found, with 300 million using Ares at least monthly. In what used to just mean an animated face filter on Snapchat or Instagram, AR will expand to other uses for mobile devices.
Last week, Apple named AR as one of its breakout app trends of 2017. Deloitte predicts direct revenues from AR on smartphones will hit $1 billion by 2020, growing tenfold from 2018. With the trend continuing to grow, developers and brands may need to find ways to integrate AR into an app to stay up-to-date and entertain users.
While Deloitte expects less than $100 million in discrete app revenues for AR content globally in 2018, it could drive sales in other ways. The ability to simply host AR content may be a key difference to consumers looking to switch or upgrade devices.
In good news for business travelers, the Deloitte report also found in-flight connectivity (IFC) will be up 20% in 2018. One-quarter of all airline passengers will fly on a plane with access to the internet. Business travelers will have a higher chance they will be able to connect in the air, enabling them to get more work done in transit.
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
Businesses will double their usage of machine learning by the end of 2018, a new Deloitte report found. So far, the technology has been held back by regulations, evolving tools, high costs, and few practitioners. The projected growth, expected to hit $57.6 billion in spending by 2021, shows how it is being increasingly utilized as a business tool. Those not currently planning on using machine learning in their business may need to reconsider, or risk being left behind.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
CAIN ALTO, Puerto Rico (AP) — After months of darkness and stifling heat, Noe Pagan was overjoyed when power-line workers arrived to restore electricity to their home deep in the lush green mountains of Puerto Rico. But to their dismay, instead of raising a power pole toppled by Hurricane Maria, the federal contractors bolted the new 220-volt line to a narrow tree trunk — a safety code violation virtually guaranteed to leave Pagan blacked out in a future hurricane.
Pagan said "I asked the contractors if they were going to connect the cable to the post and they just didn't answer."
After an eight-month, $3.8 billion federal effort to try to end the longest blackout in U.S. history, officials say Puerto Rico's public electrical authority is almost certain to collapse again when the next hurricane hits.
OTTAWA — A man has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after a van struck pedestrians along one of Toronto's busiest thoroughfares, conjuring memories of recent similar attacks, including in France, Germany and Spain.
Monday's events sent the city reeling, sowing confusion and fear. So why have no terrorism charges been laid in the case?
Here's a look at the Canadian legal regime on terrorism:
DEFINITION: The Criminal Code defines terrorism as an act carried out "for a political, religious or ideological purpose, objective or cause" intended to intimidate the public by causing death or serious bodily harm, endangering health and safety, or interfering with an essential service.
OFFENCES: The code includes offences that target financing and participation in a terrorist group, as well as facilitating and instructing others to commit terrorist acts.
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY: When Criminal Code offences for terrorism were introduced as a part of the Anti-Terrorism Act in 2001, Parliament decided that one of the things that should help distinguish such offences from other forms of violent crime was the specific motivational definition, said Wesley Wark of the University of Ottawa's graduate school of public and international affairs.
"Some violent crimes may have the same effect as terrorism but if the motivational element cannot be demonstrated then they are not considered, legally, acts of terrorism, even if they terrorize," Wark said.
It can also be difficult for police and legal counsel to establish the motivation in a way that meets the evidentiary standards of a court, they added.
The terrorism offences in Canadian law "do not work well" with so-called lone-wolf suspects who act on their own, given the code's emphasis on participating in or contributing to the activities of a terrorist group, said Kent Roach, a law professor at the University of Toronto who has written extensively about national security.
OTHER CASES: There is expert consensus that whenever it's appropriate to lay terrorism charges, that should happen, even if it makes no ultimate difference to the criminal sanction, such as the length of sentence imposed, Wark said.
Haslam, a native Knoxvillian, was elected as Tennessee's 49th governor in 2010 and re-elected in 2014 with the largest victory in modern Tennessee history. Major accomplishments from their two terms included strides in higher education and economic development, as well as a historically low unemployment rate.
“Over the course of their tenure as governor, I have come to know Gov. Haslam as an inquisitive, authentic and thoughtful leader who has consistently sought to reshape how government functions to best serve the people of Tennessee,” said Secretary of State Tre Hargett. “I have found Gov. Haslam to be a man of integrity who is honest and kind to others – a decent man who seeks to do the right thing even at personal political risk.”
As a result of their initiatives, all Tennesseans have access to higher education tuition-free through the Tennessee Promise and Reconnect programs, which made Tennessee the first state in the country to provide community or technical college tuition at no cost to its citizens.
Haslam also leveraged working with a conservative Tennessee General Assembly to help the state realize impressive economic growth. For the first time since 2000 and only the second time in state history, Tennessee has a triple-A bond rating from the three major credit rating agencies. They have also worked to reduce taxes, recurring spending and the size of state government, working alongside members of the General Assembly.
The Tennessee Blue Book, which is published every two years, is the definitive manual on Tennessee state government with detailed information about all three branches of government, Tennessee history, election statistics and more.
The Blue Book, published by the secretary of state's office, is available for free to Tennessee residents. The 2017-2018 edition is available through members of the General Assembly or the Division of Publications at 615-741-2650 or publications.information@tn.gov.
LONDON — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
To quote Russell Crowe's character, Maximus in “Gladiator,” "Are you not entertained?"
It's official, per Floyd Mayweather's Instagram account. It's even more official per Conor McGregor and ESPN. August 26 has been cemented as the date and the MGM Grand Garden in Las Vegas will be the site of the friendly merger between boxing and mixed martial arts. Will the debate finally be settled in a way that is more satisfying than comparing apples to oranges? To quote Russell Crowe's character, Maximus in the 2000's Gladiator, “Are you not entertained?”
This Saturday, June 17 in Vegas, a warranted and legitimate fight is taking place, yet few seem to care and the news of the inevitable showdown of sorts between Floyd and Conor has stolen the thunder. In truth, there's nothing wrong with that and a promoter's job is to give the public what they want. Let's not forget that boxing has failed to do this to some degree. In a sense, we seemed to know that regardless of how long the asupervisorstioned merger which will actually turn out to be more of a liquidation or hostile takeover remained in our peripheral view, it would eventually gain adequate steam.
There's not much of a debate to have because despite how one may feel about this farce, the event will undoubtedly sell out in a few hours and a nice pay-per-view tally is sure to follow. Kudos to Floyd and their team as well as Dana White and company. Money never sleeps and just when we thought we were able to move on, we'll be reminded that “Money” can still fight. Floyd's already in the neighborhood of being a -$1,100 favorite per early betting lines. There's not much difference from their past fights, is there? McGregor is +$700. Some of Mayweather's past opponents such as Robert Guerrero and Andre Berto may face similar, farfetched odds.
Lastly, is anyone complaining that this fight should have been held in AT&T Stadium in Arlington or somewhere comparable enough to keep the blue-collar fan in mind? Nonsense and not so just because the Raiders will be playing visitor to the Cowboys that particular Saturday evening. No one expected Floyd and their MMA challenger to fight anywhere other than Sin City. Too much green at stake, which is why Canelo Alvarez's upcoming bout with Gennady “GGG” Golovkin was never seriously considered for anywhere else. There's our answer. Some of us may actually cheer for Floyd because after all, he's part of the “40 and over” crowd now.
Follow Marc Livitz on Twitter at https://twitter.com/fightawrita
Bookstores are pretty great. And even better? Independent bookstores.
April 28 is Independent Bookstore Day, which is just another reminder that we in Southern California are fortunate to have so many excellent choices for books, havens that allow us to browse the stacks and ask for recommendations from people who love to read and want to share what they know. They add value to our communities in ways that one-click shopping online just can't provide.
But they need us, too. It's a tough business competing with online retailers. Without support, these independent bookstores can disappear, such as Once Upon a Storybook in Tustin, which will be closing its doors for good after the day's festivities.
So, if you're like us, you'll make some time on Saturday to stop in at one of these stores to buy a book or say hello to the staff for bringing the voices of the world to our neighborhoods.
Here is a list of some of the venues participating in Independent Bookstore Day. For more information, go to www.indiebookstoreday.com.
Beach Cities
Lido Village Books: Children's activities, 10 percent off all books, giveaways and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 10 a.m.-6 p.m., 3424 Via Oporto, Suite 102, Newport Beach, 949-673-2549, www.lidovillagebooks.com.
{pages} a bookstore: Discounts on merchandise and refreshments. 10 a.m.-9 p.m., 904 Manhattan Ave., Manhattan Beach, 310-318-0900, www.pagesabookstore.com.
Inland Empire
Cellar Door Bookstore: Free Libro.fm audiobooks, Choice Book Awards voting and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 10 a.m.-8 p.m., 5225 Canyon Crest Drive, #30A, Riverside, 951-787-7807, www.cellardoorbookstore.com.
The Frugal Frigate, A Children's Bookstore: Storytime with Jeff McMahon reading from their poetry books, “Swimming to the Moon” and “Running to the Sun,” 10:30 a.m., plus cookies and activities. 10 a.m.-5 p.m., 9 N. Sixth St., Redlands, 909-793-0740, www.frugalfrigate.com.
Long Beach
Gatsby Books: Exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 10 a.m.-9 p.m, 5535 E. Spring St., Long Beach, 562-208-5862, www.gatsbybooks.com.
Once Upon a Storybook in Tustin is going out of business April 28., 2018. Owner Susie Alexander is discounting their inventory. (Photo by Mindy Schauer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
In this Nov. 25, 2017 photo, a crowd gathers around book publisher Jay Fox as they talk about and promotes the book ‘Endless Summer' on the 50th anniversary of the film at Pages Bookstore in Manhattan Beach. (Photo by Thomas R. Cordova Daily Breeze/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse in La Canada will have author appearances, special storytimes and more during Independent Bookstore Day. (Photo courtesy of Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse).
Chris Tyndall, from Pasadena, looks at a book at Vroman's Bookstore on Colorado Boulevard in Pasadena on Friday July 21, 2017. (Photo by Keith Durflinger, Pasadena Star New
A reading room is full at the The Frugal Frigate in Redlands on Monday, May 12, 2014.
Los Angeles
Book Soup: Drag Queen Story Hour with Pickles reading a selection of children's classics 2 p.m. 8818 Sunset Blvd., West Hollywood, 310-659-3110, www.booksoup.com.
Children's Book World: Ocean & Space Fun Storytime for ages 4-8 with Heather Alexander 10:30 a.m. 10580 1/2 W. Pico Blvd., Los Angeles, 310-559-2665, www.childrensbookworld.com.
Related: Why Silent Reading Club is quietly popular among book readers in LA and Orange County
Diesel Brentwood – Brentwood Country Mart: Free giveaways and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 9:30 a.m.-6 p.m., 225 26th St., Suite #33, Santa Monica, 310-576-9960, www.dieselbookstore.com.
Last Bookstore: Bushwick Book Club event with live music based on Jonathan Ames' thriller, “You Were Never Really Here,” 7:30 p.m. and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise and more all day. 10 a.m.-11 p.m., 453 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, 213-488-0599, www.lastbookstorela.com.
Skylight Books: Literary trivia contest 2 p.m., Exposition Review's “Orbit” launch party and reading 5 p.m. and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise all day, 10 a.m.-10 p.m., 1818 N. Vermont Ave., Los Angeles, 323-660-1175, www.skylightbooks.com.
Small World Books: Blind date with a Book and special displays and sale items. 10 a.m.-8 p.m., 1407 Ocean Front Walks, Venice, 310-399-2360, www.smallworldbooks.com.
Orange County
Once Upon a Storybook: Author and illustrator appearances and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 10 a.m.-5 p.m. and Fun Final party 5-8 p.m. Note: Once Upon a Storybook is closing today. Enderle Center, 17300 E. 17th St., Tustin, 714-669-4377, www.onceuponastorybook.us.
Related: Enchanting children's bookstore in Tustin reaches its final chapter
A Whale of a Tale Children's Bookshoppe: Dollar sale, refreshments and exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise. 10 a.m.-4 p.m., 16277 Laguna Canyon Road, Suite G, Irvine, 949-854-8288, www.awhaleofatale.com.
San Gabriel Valley
Book Alley: Refreshments and other festivities. 11 a.m.-7 p.m., 1252 E. Colorado Blvd., Pasadena, 626-683-8083, www.bookalley.com.
Flintridge Bookstore & Coffeehouse: Storytime with Brenda Scott Royce, author of “Champion's New Shoes” and “Bailey the Rescue Dog,” 10:30 a.m.-noon, Ellie Wildermuth talks about what they learned after losing their home in a fire 11 a.m.-1 p.m., Michael Peevey and Diane Wittenberg sign “California Goes Green: A Roadmap to Climate Leadership” and Gillian Cameron and Tara Avery sign books from the Calogrenant series noon-2 p.m., Storytime with Julie Berry, plus signing of “The Passion of Dolssa” 12:15-2 p.m., Tim DeRoche and Daniel Gonzales present “The Ballad of Huck & Miguel” and Karin Esterhammer signs “So Happiness to Meet You: Foolishly, Blissfully Stranded in Vietnam” 2-3:30 p.m., Storytime with Bethany Barton, author of “Give Bees a Chance,” 2:15-3:30 p.m., Poetry Open Mic and reading by Kim Dower 2-5 p.m., Cat Jordan signs “Eight Days on Planet Earth” and offers YA recommendations 3-5 p.m. and book drive, Where's Waldo contest, coloring and poetry writing, giveaways and more throughout the day. 10 a.m.-5 p.m., 1010 Foothill Blvd., La Canada, 818-790-0717, www.flintridgebooks.com.
Once Upon a Time: Special Storytime 11 a.m. and free Libro.fm audiobooks, exclusive Independent Bookstore Day merchandise, prizes, refreshments and more all day. Bring in your Once Upon a Time or Independent Bookstore Day tote bag and get $5 off any purchase. 10 a.m.-8 p.m., 2207 Honolulu Ave., Montrose, 818-248-9668, www.shoponceuponatime.com.
Vroman's Bookstore: Activities and events. 9 a.m.-10 p.m., 695 E. Colorado Blvd., Pasadena, 626-449-5320, www.vromansbookstore.com.
It doesn't matter if you're a command line cowboy or a total newbie to Terminal. There's an awesome tool called XikiHub looking for funding on Kickstarter. The founder of XikiHub says it is the social command line, and the project looks really cool. It's based on Xiki, a command line platform. XikiHub will give you a friendlier and more powerful Terminal. What's more, the platform will get even better over time. Users can contribute commands for high-level interfaces like git and changing the desktop background. XikiHub will also support repeating recent commands and searching the community for help to remember which commands do what. This social repository for commands is also open source. The developer uses a multi-pronged security approach, and will have a low tolerance for abuse, spam, or social media marketing. This will be one of my rare backings on Kickstarter. Hopefully, you'll back it, too.
Check It Out: XikiHub Could Make Terminal Friendlier and More Powerful
Boston Red Sox's Chris Sale delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) — Rafael Devers hit a stunning homer off Aroldis Chapman to tie the game in the ninth inning, and fellow Red Sox rookie Andrew Benintendi singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th as Boston beat the New York Yankees 3-2 on Sunday night.
Chris Sale struck out 12 in their latest dominant performance, but Boston trailed 2-1 before the 20-year-old Devers connected on a 103 mph fastball and became the second left-handed hitter to homer off Chapman in their eight-year career.
By winning a battle of hard-throwing bullpens, the Red Sox upped their AL East lead to a season-high 5 1/2 games over rival New York. Boston (67-50) took two of three in the series and is a season-best 17 games over .500 after winning 10 of its past 11.
The teams meet again next weekend at Fenway Park. But first, the scuffling Yankees face the crosstown-rival New York Mets in the Subway Series beginning Monday night in the Bronx.
With one out in the 10th, Chapman (4-2) hit Jackie Bradley Jr. with a 101 mph pitch and walked Eduardo Nunez. Tommy Kahnle walked Mookie Betts to load the bases before Benintendi, who had a pair of three-run homers in Saturday's victory, singled to right field.
Todd Frazier gave the Yankees a 2-1 lead in the eighth with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly off Matt Barnes. Chapman entered throwing smoke in the ninth, but couldn't close it out.
Devers, playing in their 15th major league game after entering as a pinch hitter in the sixth, drove a 1-2 fastball the other way into the Red Sox bullpen in left-center. They clapped their hands as they rounded first on their fourth home run, which handed Chapman their fourth blown save in 19 chances this season.
The left-hander was lifted in the 10th and walked off the mound to boos.
The only other left-handed hitter to homer off Chapman in their eight-year career was Luke Scott for Baltimore in 2011 against Cincinnati.
Craig Kimbrel (4-0) struck out Brett Gardner with a runner on third to end the ninth and then tossed a perfect 10th.
Sale went seven innings and increased their major league-leading strikeout total to 241. They allowed four hits and one run — which could have been prevented with better defense — but is 0-1 in three stingy starts against the Yankees this year.
The AL ERA leader has 16 double-digit strikeout games this season, three versus the Yankees.
Cool and clear-headed, New York rookie Jordan Montgomery matched Sale for 5 1/3 innings and left to a warm hand from a sellout crowd of 46,610 that included actor Leonardo DiCaprio, who was wearing a Yankees cap.
The day before, Montgomery was hit on the head by a fly ball while signing autographs as the Red Sox took batting practice. They bled from a cut on their ear, but was OK to pitch Sunday.
Each No. 9 batter had a two-out RBI in the fifth. Bradley put Boston ahead with a single before Austin Romine answered with their first career triple, a drive that glanced off the mitt of Betts, a Gold Glove winner, as they backed into the right-field wall.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: LHP David Price (elbow inflammation) threw from 90 feet.  They are scheduled for a day off Monday before resuming their throwing program Tuesday. ... RHP Carson Smith (elbow) tossed a scoreless inning with two strikeouts Saturday in their third rehab outing, second for Triple-A Pawtucket. Boston manager John Farrell said the "early phase" of Smith's rehab assignment has been encouraging, but the reliever is expected to remain in the minors for several weeks. Smith is recovering from Tommy John surgery in May 2016.
Yankees: 1B Greg Bird (right ankle surgery) is scheduled to work out with the team Tuesday and begin a minor league rehab assignment Wednesday. ... All-Star 2B Starlin Castro (strained right hamstring) plans to work out with the club Thursday and start a rehab assignment Friday. ... DH Matt Holliday (back) was slated to take batting practice.
BULLPEN SHUFFLE
New York recalled left-hander Caleb Smith from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and optioned right-hander Giovanny Gallegos to the same affiliate.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: RHP Doug Fister (2-5, 5.03 ERA) faces AL Central-leading Cleveland at Fenway Park on Monday night in the makeup of an Aug. 2 rainout. Trevor Bauer (10-8, 4.79 ERA) pitches for former Red Sox manager Terry Francona and the Indians, who swept Boston 3-0 during last year's playoffs.
Yankees: Host the depleted Mets (53-62) as this year's Subway Series begins Monday night with the first of two games in the Bronx, followed by a pair at Citi Field. Yankees manager Joe Girardi said the team has talked about ex-Mets farmhand Luis Cessa (0-3) "probably" being recalled from the minors to start the opener in place of injured Masahiro Tanaka. Rafael Montero (1-8) pitches for the Mets.
___
More AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Interest Successfully Added
We'll notify you here with news about AlertTag
Turn on desktop notifications for breaking stories about interest?
But either O.T.P. didn't do that, or it did an analysis that Mnuchin is suppressing. (The department's inspector general is investigating what actually happened, because Mnuchin repeatedly claimed to have such an analysis in hand.) If the experts actually did do an analysis, they probably found what everyone else has found — namely, that tax cuts come nowhere near to paying for themselves.
In that case, however, how does Mnuchin manage to claim otherwise? Here's how the report describes the process: “O.T.P. has modeled the revenue impact of higher growth effects, using the administration projections of approximately a 2.9 percent real G.D.P. growth rate over 10 years.” Notice the carefully deceptive wording. A casual reader might think that O.T.P. is predicting 2.9 percent growth — but what this actually says is that Trump officials simply told the office to assume high growth.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And the assumed acceleration in growth, which comes out of nowhere, is extremely high. It's many times higher than the Joint Committee on Taxation's estimate, which is itself more optimistic than other estimates. No model I know of, not even those of conservative tax-cut advocates, would predict this much payoff.
In other words, this “analysis” is a sick joke. Why would Mnuchin think they can pull off this scam?
As I said, they probably can't. But they may be inspired by the example of Paul Ryan, who pulled off similar scams a few years back, fooling much of the news media and even receiving an award for fiscal responsibility from several deficit-scold organizations.
The details of Ryan's scam were a bit different, but the basic principle was the same. First, tell budget experts to make obviously unrealistic assumptions and estimate what those assumptions would mean for future budget deficits. Then tout the resulting estimates as validation of your plan.
In Ryan's case the unrealistic assumptions involved revenues and spending, not growth: They simply told experts to assume that they could cut taxes without losing revenue by closing unspecified loopholes, and that they could achieve drastic cost savings without specifying which programs would be cut. And the budget experts were the staff at the Congressional Budget Office, not the staff at Treasury. But the result was the same: Potemkin budget projections that looked great to the casual observer, but had nothing real behind them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Oh, and the howling mess that is the current G.O.P. tax plan shows what happens when Ryanesque pretense meets reality.
Yet Ryan's scam worked. They received years of media adulation; that adulation is the main reason he's now speaker of the House. Even now, news analyses tend to depict the irresponsibility and incompetence of Republican tax plans as some kind of deviation from Ryan's past behavior, not its natural continuation.
In fact, you almost have to feel sorry for Mnuchin: Yes, he's an obvious buffoon, but their scam isn't really any worse than Ryan's. Why can't they pull it off?
The larger point is that the dishonesty and dysfunctionality of current Republican efforts at tax “reform,” the party's evident inability to govern in a serious way, didn't come out of nowhere. Republicans have been heading in this direction for years. Anyone who didn't see this coming either wasn't paying attention or was engaged in willful self-delusion, pretending that the G.O.P. was a normal party long after it should have been obvious that it had gone off the deep end.
HUNTINGTON BEACH – A woman died Tuesday night after being struck by a car on Pacific Coast Highway in Huntington Beach.
Officers were called to Pacific Coast Highway and Newland Street at about 8:40 p.m. after getting reports that a pedestrian was on the road, a Huntington Beach police watch commander said.
When officers arrived, they found the injured woman, who had been hit by a car. They were taken to a trauma center but pronounced dead shortly afterward.
The driver of the car was hospitalized for injuries, but was cooperative with authorities.
Further details about the crash were immediately unavailable and investigators were still on the scene at 10:30 p.m. evaluating the site.
Both the north- and southbound lanes of Pacific Coast Highway were closed from Newland Street to Magnolia Street.
Updates to follow.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7865 or afausto@scng.com
Surviving members of the Capital Gazette's staff will participate in a Fourth of July parade in Annapolis, six days after a gunman killed five of the newspaper's employees during a rampage in the newsroom.The decision to participate in this year's parade rather than simply cover it like the paper normally does was announced in an opinion piece published Wednesday."You'll recognize us from our vaguely lost expressions. We don't think we have a banner or T-shirts, although we're looking around. We might have a few hats. It will be unusual for us to walk together in the same rough direction if we're being totally honest here," the article stated."The news staff of The Capital feels out of place being part of the event rather than on the sidelines taking notes or producing video," the article added.The article goes on to say that the surviving staff members are a symbol for the community, even though "we're hurting.""We'll be on West Street and Main Street because we want our readers and our community to see that we believe things will, eventually, be OK again. Eventually," the article states.This isn't the first appeal the staff has made to the public. They wrote a letter on Sunday, three days after the attack, thanking people for the "outpouring of sympathy" they received.In that letter, the paper's staff wrote that they will "never forget" their five slain colleagues: Rob Hiaasen, Gerald Fischman, Wendi Winters, John McNamara and Rebecca Smith.They also noted that there were some more sinister messages following the attack that they will not be forgetting, either."Here's what else we won't forget: Death threats and emails from people we don't know celebrating our loss, or the people who called for one of our reporters to get fired because they got angry and cursed on national television after witnessing their friends getting shot," the letter reads.The letter also said they "won't forget being called an enemy of the people," which was an apparent dig at President Donald Trump, who has used that phrase in statements directed at the media.Trump ordered federal flags lowered to half staff on Tuesday July 3 to honor the victims of the shooting.
Mrs. Lanorah B. Martin, 72, of Florala, Alabama died Friday, Sept. 29, 2017 at Mizell Memorial Hospital in Opp.
A memorial service for Mrs. Martin was held at 2 p.m. Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 at Wyatt Funeral Home Chapel with Tucker Aplin & Johnny Wayne Cravey officiating.
Visitation was held one hour prior to the service.
 They are survived by their son and daughter-in-law, Scott & Stephanie Haggard; sister, Mary Yancey; grandchildren, Cody Martin, Cheyenne Martin, and Harley Martin; and 6 great-grandchildren. Mrs. Martin was preceded in death by their husband, Barnard Martin.
Wyatt Funeral Home of Opp, Alabama is serving the Martin family. Those unable to attend may sign the guestbook at www.wyattfuneralhome.com
Since Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu "postponed" enforcement of a Supreme Court demolition order for structures in the Nawaja'a outpost adjacent to Sussiya, construction has continued at the site and squatters have taken up residence in new, illegal structures.
The building boom in the Arab outpost near Sussiya continues "full steam ahead," despite the Supreme Court's order to demolish a number of already-existing structures at the site that had been built in violation of an interim order (which freezes the status quo until a final decision is reached on the outpost 's future). When US Special Envoy Jason Greenblatt and President Trump's senior advisor Jared Kushner arrived for a round of talks with the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority two weeks ago, Prime Minister Netanyahu decided to postpone the already-scheduled demolition operation at the PA-built Nawaja'a outpost near Sussiya.
Apparently, Netanyahu's decision fueled a new wave of illegal construction, and in the time that has elapsed since the demolition operation was called off, a new residential structure has sprung up at the site, and several additional illegal residential shacks that were built last month received new tenants.
The Nawaja'a Bedouin's illegal outpost was built between the Israeli community of Sussiya and the National Park at Ancient Sussiya. In 2011, Regavim petitioned the Supreme Court to enforce the demolition orders, but outpost inhabitants filed counter-suits - and kept right on building, cynically abusing the judicial process. They even went so far as to demand the State of Israel allocate them an area of 1,500 dunams (more than 370 acres) and, in addition, recognize their present encampment as a new neighborhood of the Arab town of Yatta.
Recently, former Defense Minister Moshe (Bogie) Yaalon tweeted that the Nawaja'a outpost is a project for which the European Union proudly takes credit. "The illegal construction and expansion carried out by the Bedouin/Palestinians at Sussiya is funded by European Union entities, whose behavior is both hypocritical and biased. Repeated attempts to reach a mutually-agreed upon resolution with the Nawaja'a have been unsuccessful; the squatters must be removed.
"Construction of new buildings in the same week the demolition orders were postponed is a deliberate provocation. There's no point complaining about the Palestinian Authority or the European Union who pull the strings behind the Nawaja'a; they are simply acting to further their own interests, and to create illegal facts on the ground," said Yishai Hemo, Regavim's Field Coordinator for Judea and Samaria. "The people we should be complaining about are Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Liberman, who have demonstrated weakness and ineffectuality, and are allowing this to happen only days after the demolition orders for Netiv HaAvot and West Tapuach were enforced."
Sidewalk improvements may be in the works near a proposed five-story, mixed-use building in Hayes Valley under development on one of the last remaining undeveloped parcels on Octavia Boulevard.The plans currently under consideration would demolish existing sidewalks along Octavia and on Page and Rose streets to add a sidewalk bulb-out that includes a seating on Octavia in front of a proposed residential development.Plans for Parcel T include 28 residential units that will be a mix of studio, one-, and two-bedroom apartments, along with 2,720 square feet of ground-floor retail space, according to the most recent documents filed with SF Planning.As proposed by DDG, the project would not include any off-street parking, other than 28 bicycles parking spots for residents, and four public bike spaces on the Page Street sidewalk.Details on the developer's website suggest it may be considering parking for private vehicles and car-sharing companies, however.Residents would also have access to a 2,160-square-foot roof deck. DDG also developed 8 Octavia just down the street, and 450 Hayes a few blocks away.As we reported last week , parcels R,S, and U on Octavia Boulevard will be developed into affordable housing by the Tenderloin Neighborhood Development Corporation Buildings supported by TNDC will include housing for transitional youth and on-site social services including a child care facility.These proposals to fill in the last empty spaces cleared when the Central Freeway was torn down are still in very early stages of development, but we will keep you posted as the plans get fleshed out.
Harvey Weinstein is indicted by New York grand jury in rape case. (Source: Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said they would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. They called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare them and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, according to their lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied their request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, they are due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tunisian President says their government suspects Israel of being behind the assassination of Hamas engineer Mohamed Zaouari.
Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi on Sunday said that their government suspects Israel of being behind the assassination of Hamas engineer Mohamed Zaouari, Haaretz reported.
Zaouari, an aviation scientist, was shot to death outside their home in Sfax, Tunisia, on December 15. Hamas said two days after their death that they were a member of the organization's military wing and one of the leaders of its drone program. The group at the time also blamed Israel for their death.
The investigation into the attack is continuing, Essebsi said, according to Haaretz. They rejected criticism that the Tunisian government was not doing enough to advance the investigation, adding that the government would not hesitate to turn to the international community once it had collected sufficient evidence.
Essebsi's statement was the highest-level indication that Israel was suspected of involvement in Zaouari's death. Tunisia's Interior Minister had previously said Zaouari's murder had been planned abroad by foreigners, though they admitted that “we do not yet have any tangible proof” and did not name any specific country.
The death of Zaouari came as Hamas continues to rebuild its infiltration tunnel network into Israel, after the IDF destroyed the network during Operation Protective Edge in 2014.
In addition, the group has invested considerable resources in the development and procurement of weapons, including long-range missiles that cover most of the territory of the State of Israel.
As part of these efforts, Hamas conducts ongoing missile tests meant to advance its domestic rocket arsenal ahead of its next terror war against Israel.
Israel has not directly responded to Hamas's allegations. Responding to a question about Zaouari's death on December 21, Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman would only say, “If someone was killed in Tunisia, they are not likely to be a peace activist or a Nobel Prize candidate. Israel does what need to be done to defend its interests.”
At least 8 people were killed in a suicide bomb attack on a restaurant in Mogadishu on Wednesday. Police officer Mohamed Nur confirmed to Xinhua about the bomb attack which hit the Posh Restaurant in Hodan district claimed eight lives.
“We can now confirm eight people were killed in the bomb attack. The attackers used a vehicle loaded with explosives and rammed into the restaurant,” Nur was quoted as saying.
The explosion also hit Pizza House which is located opposite to Posh Restaurant. The two restaurants are frequented by government officials and young people.
A witness said the explosion was huge and could be felt from a distance.
Heavy gunfire could be heard as gunmen fought inside the restaurant, frequented by local youth and public servants.
No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks but Al-Shabaab terrorist group has been behind similar attacks in the capital.
Taylor Swift has won long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined Monday that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet.The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit and drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
(AP Photo/Ray Stubblebine, File). FILE - In this April 10, 1985, file photo, U.S. Vice President George H.W. Bush reacts after they throw the ceremonial first pitch during the New York Mets season opener with the St. Louis Cardinals at New York's Shea S...
(AP Photo/Ed Kolenovsky, File). FILE - In this Oct. 12, 1987, file photo, Vice President George H.W. Bush and their wife Barbara, with their son George W. Bush, far left, wave to supporters who turned out in Houston, to hear them announce they were a candida...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush shows Bush's socks during the funeral service for their wife, Barbara Bush, in Houston. Bar...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, shows Bush, front center, and past presidents and first ladies Laura Bush, from left, Geo...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip ). Former Presidents George W. Bush, left, and George H.W. Bush arrive at St. Martin's Episcopal Church for a funeral service for former first lady Barbara Bush, Saturday, April 21, 2018, in Houston.
By MICHAEL GRACZYK
Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) - Former President George H.W. Bush was "responding and recovering" to treatment at a Houston hospital on Tuesday for an infection that had spread to their blood, according to a family spokesperson.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of their wife, Barbara, who died last week at age 92. The couple was married 73 years, longer than any other U.S. presidential couple.
In a brief post on Twitter, family spokesperson Jim McGrath said they could "happily" echo their report from Monday that the 93-year-old former president was "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
George H.W. Bush had used a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility since developing a form of Parkinson's disease, and they have needed hospital treatment several times in recent years for respiratory problems and other infections.
McGrath wouldn't elaborate Tuesday on the specifics of Bush's condition, saying only that they would issue updates "when we have something to update." Late Monday, McGrath described Bush as eager to get well so they could get to their summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
"He's the most goal-oriented person on this planet," McGrath said. "I wouldn't bet against him."
A year ago this month, the nation's 41st president spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one's lungs. Their doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia. Bush was also hospitalized, for 16 days, in January 2017 for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, which included time in intensive care, doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator.
They were hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in their neck. In December 2014, they were hospitalized for about a week for shortness of breath, and they spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised, said Dr. David Reuben, a professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," they said.
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics, they said, while viral infections require other treatments. Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral, however, they said.
The prognosis for such a case would depend on several factors, including heart rate, blood pressure and oxygenation, Reuben said.
"The more of these parameters are abnormal, the more serious the case is," they said.
George H. W. Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993. Born on June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, Bush also served as a Texas member of congress, CIA director and Ronald Reagan's vice president.
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--The global offshore patrol vessel market is expected to post a CAGR of close to 4% during the period 2018-2022, according to the latest market research report by .
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005215/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global offshore patrol vessel market from 2018-2022. (Photo: Business Wire)
A key factor driving the growth of the global offshore patrol vessel market is China's aggressive expansion into the South China Sea and the Indian Ocean. China has built more than 3,200 acres of land on islands in the South China Sea. The country is also strategizing to expand naval operations into the Indian Ocean. Therefore, many nations, including Japan, Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, and India are taking measures in terms of increasing their naval strength in both the South China Sea and the Indian Ocean.
This market research report on the provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook during the forecast period. Technavio classifies an emerging trend as a major factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
In this report, Technavio highlights active procurement programs across the world as one of the key emerging trends in the global offshore patrol vessel (OPV) market:
Global offshore patrol vessel market: Active procurement programs across the world
OPVs are versatile and can be used for a range of purposes. They cost less than frigates and corvettes but can be deployed. Therefore, various nations across the world are expanding their fleet of OPVs. A few of them that did not own an OPV before are also ordering OPVs. For instance, countries such as Poland and Qatar are introducing OPVs into their fleets.
“Besides procuring new vessels, a few nations are also upgrading their existing fleet of OPVs as well as other sea vessels to be a patrol vessel. For instance, the Royal Australian Navy has planned for upgrading its survey vessels to patrol vessels, retrofitting them with the necessary equipment. These factors are expected to drive the growth of the global OPV market during the forecast period,” says a senior market research analyst at Technavio for transportation and distribution.
Global offshore patrol vessel market: Segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global offshore patrol vessel market by product (high-end OPVs and basic OPVs) and geographical regions (APAC, EMEA, and the Americas).
The high-end OPVs segment held a smaller share of the market in 2017, owing to the higher cost of procurement as compared to the basic OPVs, which are more affordable. The market share of the basic OPVs is expected to increase further over the forecast period.
APAC led the market in 2017 with over 45% of the market share, followed by EMEA and the Americas respectively. The market share of APAC is expected to witness a further increase of more than 2% over the forecast period, while EMEA and the Americas will see a decline in their market shares.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Some of the key topics covered in the report include:
Market Landscape
Market ecosystem Market characteristics Market segmentation analysis
Market Sizing
Market sizing Market size and forecast
Five Forces Analysis
Market Segmentation
Geographical Segmentation
Regional comparison Key leading countries
Market Drivers
Market Challenges
Market Trends
Vendor Landscape
Vendors covered Vendor classification Market positioning of vendors Competitive scenario
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005215/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT MARITIME OTHER TRANSPORT MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 10:46 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 10:45 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005215/en
There's a picture of a pregnant woman in a bra and underwear behind a target. Next to it is the caption, “A sharpshooter, because... Subscribe now to enjoy our premium content Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
ExtraTime Radio Podcast LISTEN: Friday against Panama is a must-win game. Don't let anyone tell you any different. The guys preview the US national team's second-to-last World Cup qualifier from top to bottom, then invite Panamanian journalist David Sakata (18:49) on to re-live the national nightmare ushered in by San Zusi's goal in 2013. Stick around for MLS banter and the mailbag. Subscribe now and "Like" our Facebook page so you never miss a show! Download this episode!
It's been nearly four years, and yet the memories remain sharp and the details vivid. You don't forget days like Oct. 15, 2013, a date that elicits a shrug from most American soccer fans but will forever live on in the collective psyche of Panamanians as a national nightmare.
On that night, at a rain-swept Estadio Rommel Fernandez in Panama City, I was one of two US-based journalists – the other was ESPN's Roger Bennett – to make the trip for what was a mostly meaningless game for the visitors. Jurgen Klinsmann's team had already wrapped up first place in the Hexagonal ahead of the final match of the 2014 World Cup Qualifying cycle.
Thanks to Mexico's Hex faceplant, Panama still had a path to Brazil, even if the locals were doubtful that Costa Rica would knock off El Tri in San Jose while Los Canaleros defeated the Americans for only the second time in their history. Even then, the reward would be qualification for a playoff series against New Zealand. It could happen, but most people I talked to in the days before the game figured it wouldn't. “Who knows? Maybe,” they said.
Four years later, Americans remember that match for Graham Zusi's stoppage-time header, an improbable goal that capped a high-water Hexagonal campaign and earned them millions of grateful Mexican admirers and the moniker San Zusi while reinforcing the sacred mythology of the American never-say-die mentality. “See, we never stop playing and neither should you,” came the refrain.
Meanwhile, Zusi's header is remembered far differently in Panama. It was the death blow that snatched away their World Cup dreams, decades in the making, for no apparent reason. It's the goal that, in the seconds it took Brad Davis to cross and Zusi to hover and nod the ball past Jaime Penedo, turned a national fiesta into a funeral. “Why? Why help your archrivals at our expense?” said the body language of the players, the fans, everyone in the stadium who didn't arrive on the US bus.
One message Panama manager Hernan Dario Gomez won't have to drive home ahead of Friday night...
Play to the final whistle. #USMNT #USAvPAN pic.twitter.com/A7mYJudOYw — Andrew Wiebe (@andrew_wiebe) October 5, 2017
In the moment, sitting there flabbergasted as a once raucous environment fell silent, I understood their dismay, if not the reckless tactics that left Panama open and vulnerable. In a little more than two hours, the entire country's emotions had been through the wringer, as fans, coaches and players followed the match in San Jose by radio.
6:49 pm ET – OUT – Gabriel Torres curls the ball past Brad Guzan to give Panama an early lead
– Gabriel Torres curls the ball past Brad Guzan to give Panama an early lead 6:55 pm ET – IN – Bryan Ruiz's goal in San Jose inspires beer showers at Rommel Fernandez
– Bryan Ruiz's goal in San Jose inspires beer showers at Rommel Fernandez 6:59 pm ET – OUT – Oribe Peralta ties the score for Mexico, a draw ensuring a 4 th -place finish
– Oribe Peralta ties the score for Mexico, a draw ensuring a 4 -place finish 7:53 pm ET – IN – Alvaro Saborio retakes the lead for Costa Rica, restarting the party
– Alvaro Saborio retakes the lead for Costa Rica, restarting the party 7:54 pm ET – OUT – Michael Orozco's scrappy header ends the festivities as quickly as they started
– Michael Orozco's scrappy header ends the festivities as quickly as they started 8:13 pm ET – IN – Substitute Luis Tejada pokes the ball past Brad Guzan and pandemonium follows
– Substitute Luis Tejada pokes the ball past Brad Guzan and pandemonium follows 8:32 pm ET – OUT – Zusi rises above the defense two minutes into stoppage time, the ultimate gut punch
– Zusi rises above the defense two minutes into stoppage time, the ultimate gut punch 8:33 pm ET – OUT – Aron Johannsson's shot from distance skids past Penedo, the dream officially dead
In, out, in, out, in, out. It was hard to blame the Panama players who, according to their American counterparts, had asked their opponents to take it easy in the final 10 minutes. After all, everybody was getting what they wanted. Why spoil the party for a couple meaningless points? The US players, who wanted to book their own tickets to Brazil, felt differently. Both sides had a point.
Which brings us to Friday's match where, once again, World Cup fates are on the line.
This time, Panama doesn't need any help. A win against the US – they've drawn all four meetings since Oct. 2013 1-1, including a penalty kick triumph in the 2015 Gold Cup third-place game – and they're going to Russia, a first-ever World Cup appearance locked up. For the US, guaranteed qualification is 180 minutes away, as even a victory in Orlando requires other results to go their way should they then fail to win at Trinidad and Tobago on the final match day. A playoff against Australia or Syria remains in play for both.
The Panamanians know what's at stake. They know a feeling of loss that none of the Americans who'll take the field on Friday can truly fathom. They know what it's like to claw your way up the mountaintop only to be shoved off the summit and plummet back down to earth. They'll play to the final whistle this time, and they believe, perhaps more than ever before, that the US is there for the taking.
They might be right. The margins are tighter in CONCACAF than ever before. The Americans, after a qualifying campaign punctuated by close calls and unaccustomed results, find themselves on the brink of what has previously been the unthinkable, a national nightmare of our own.
This time, barring back-to-back wins, it'll be the US that need help to make their dreams come true.
We'll be watching the action on Saturday in San Jose, where a Costa Rica win would keep Honduras from gaining ground. In case you forgot, Jonathan Bornstein spoiled the Ticos' World Cup party with a late header at RFK Stadium back in 2009. In case you were wondering, Costa Ricans haven't forgotten having the rug pulled out from under them.
Depending on the results on Friday, the US may need Costa Rica and Mexico to pick up road results in Panama and Honduras with their own World Cup berths safe and secure. Who expects them to go out of their way to help the US with their place in Russia in the bag? Not I. And, I expect, neither does Bruce Arena.
Like Panama, I hold tightly to the lessons of Oct. 15, 2013: If you're looking for help in CONCACAF, the only place you'll find it is within.
Three separate drug raids in Lafollette last week resulted in the arrests of 12 people in all on various charges.
Thursday, LaFollette officers raided an alleged meth-making operation inside a home on West Avenue and took three people, identified as 44-year old Melinda Bunch, 42-year old Kerry Edward Carson, and 39-year old Chad Vann Robbins, were each charged with initiating the manufacture of meth.
Friday, officers also served warrants at homes on Demory Road and West Forrest, making nine more arrests.
Investigators say that over the two-day drug sweep, they discovered 28 grams of crystal meth, oxycodone, suboxone, marijuana, and a large amount of drug paraphernalia at the houses.
The following people were taken into custody:
Caleb Bolton…Drug paraphernalia
Wayne E. Byrd…Capias Bench Warrant/ Drug paraphernalia
Angela D. Compton…Violation of Probation/ Drug paraphernalia
Joanne M. Davis…Poss. Sch. II for resale/Poss. Sch. II/Poss. Sch. III/Poss. Sch. VI/ Felony Drug paraphernalia
Maggie D. Kennedy…Drug paraphernalia/Possession schedule II
Gary Leach…Poss. Sch. II for resale/Poss. Sch. II/Poss. Sch. III/Poss. Sch. VI/ Felony Drug paraphernalia
Nathan James McBride…Felony Poss. Drug paraphernalia/Possession schedule II
Everett L. Smith…Drug paraphernalia
Melba J. Wilson…Outstanding warrants/Drug paraphernalia.
Barbara Lawlor, Nederland. Last Sunday afternoon, Nederland residents were treated to a free performance of Shakespeares As You Like It presented by the Longmont Theatre Company and the Theater Company of Lafayette.
AYLI is a typical Shakespeare company with brothers at war with each other, one of the leaving to forest, and young women dressed in men's clothing to find out the truth about the men they love.
Sunday's version of the play takes play in 1863 in Kentucky during the Civil War pits two brothers on opposite sides of the battle. Colonel Fredrick defeated their Union brother known as at the Old Duke who escapes and flees to the Forest of Arden.
Rosalind who was left behind lives with the Colonel's daughter Celia until the Colonel banishes them
The girls also flee to Arden disguised as a young soldier and as a poor woman. The Colonel's fool, Touchstone joins them. Orlando and rosalind meet and fall in love. Oliver decides to kill their younger brother in their sleep but Orlando escapes to find the Old Lduke in Arden.
Rosalind keeps their disguise to teach Orlando the proper way to woo them Soon four couples fall in love with each other and everything becomes typically confusing and hilarious and fun as the audience watch how the plot falls out to a happy ending when all the couple are married.
The estranged brothers make up and love conquers all.
The appealing part of this performance is that it is all done with a Southern accent. Shakespeare's lines are slowed down, spoken wit a gentle drawl and made easier to understand.
Typical Elizabethan ditties are performed as old time camp songs, “Clementine,” and “Gonna go down to the river and pray,” and costumes are the blue and grey uniforms of the North and South and the homespun look of the times.
Director Heather Balise says, “Taking the story out of its traditional era and location and recreating the story during the highly recognizable time period of the American Civil War offered up an abundance of new themes and relationships to explore through the lens of the 19th century.”
The Taste of Shakespeare summer performances are part of an outreach group meant to introduce the company to outlying regions of the area. The cast is perfect, bringing to life the language of the time, the words that provoke thought and appreciation of how the meanings can be twisted and made both humorous and reflective.
This was the second time the company visited Nederland and from the reaction of the crowd, it is a summer event that will be treasured each year.
(Originally published in the August 3, 2017 print edition of The Mountain-Ear.)
TAMPA, Fla. -- Buccaneers running back Doug Martin was at the team's facility Monday for the start of the offseason program, general manager Jason Licht confirmed.
The two-time Pro Bowler left the team with one game remaining last season to begin serving a four-game suspension for performance-enhancing substances and to enter a drug treatment program. League rules permit them to participate in the offseason program, training camp and the preseason, but they will miss the first three games of the regular season.
"He looks great right now; they look as good as I've seen them since I've been here, from a physical standpoint," Licht said. "He was in very good spirits. We're excited to have him, excited to see how they do out here in OTAs."
"It's good to see him. It's good to see them looking good physically," Licht said. "[He's] in good spirits, it seems like the trajectory is going up."
With the NFL draft looming, Licht acknowledged that this next week and a half is critical for Martin to assert their place with the team.
The Bucs have worked out and met with a number of top running back prospects, including, most recently, Florida State's Dalvin Cook, a projected first-round pick (and possibly in the top 10), along with Texas' D'Onta Foreman and Oklahoma's Joe Mixon.
"We can't answer all the questions in 10 days but it's good to see them here," Licht said of Martin. "It's good to see him. It's been good to see that he's been working their butt off."
Because they violated terms of their contract, the Bucs are no longer obligated to pay Martin the $7 million they were guaranteed for 2017. Licht said that the team's decision regarding them will not be financially motivated.
They also emphasized that the team is in no rush to make a decision on Martin and could actually wait to make a decision on them after the season begins, when Martin returns from serving their suspension.
Quarterback Jameis Winston was asked about the "uncertainty" of Martin's situation.
"Well I'm very certain of Doug Martin. He's an amazing player. They battled some injuries last year but to this team, they mean the world," Winston said. "We loved seeing them out there [today], seeing Doug be Doug ... it was good to see them out there, good to see their spirits up -- I know he's going to have a great year for us."
Added defensive tackle Gerald McCoy: "Nothing has changed for us. He's part of the family. Doug is Doug. We love Doug. Doug has an energy level that you guys miss seeing that they bring to this team in private. It's great to have them in the building."
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The killing of the North Korean leader's outcast half brother adds to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan, turncoats and South Korean public figures.
King Jong Nam told medical workers they had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before they died, Malaysian officials have said. Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011, and experts believe they might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to their leadership. Others think they were enraged over recent news reports that their brother tried to defect to the South in 2012.
North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others. Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing:
TRAITOR COUSIN
Lee Han-young, a nephew of one of the former wives of the country's second leader Kim Jong Il, was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997. Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, but Seoul kept their arrival secret until 1996, when their mother also fled the North. Lee had harshly criticized the country and their dictator uncle. The investigation into their death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured.
BLAST IN YANGON
North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea's leader while they were visiting Burma in 1983. President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack, but more than 20 people were killed, including four of their Cabinet ministers, their ambassador to Yangon and several top aides. One North Korean agent was shot to death by police, a second was hanged in jail and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008. Burma, now known as Myanmar, cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast, but they restored relations in 2007.
SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT
A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace. South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute. The only commando that was captured said they had come to "slit the throat of (then-President) Park Chung-hee."
A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea's founder. Tensions later eased, but the South Korean commando team, incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted, mutinied in 1971, killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped.
HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR
In 2010, two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a former Workers' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South. South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang's throat. Hwang, who once tutored Kim Jong Il, bitterly criticized the North Korean government after their 1997 defection. North Korea called them a traitor and "human scum." They died six months after the assassination attempt at the age of 87.
By Tuvan Gumrukcu and Humeyra Pamuk
ANKARA/ISTANBUL (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdoğan declared victory in a referendum on Sunday to grant them sweeping powers in the biggest overhaul of modern Turkish politics, but opponents said the vote was marred by irregularities and they would challenge its result.
Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast and its three main cities, including the capital Ankara and the largest city Istanbul, looked set to vote "No" after a bitter and divisive campaign.
Erdoğan said 25 million people had supported the proposal, which will replace Turkey's parliamentary system with an all-powerful presidency and abolish the office of prime minister, giving the "Yes" camp 51.5 percent of the vote.
That appeared short of the decisive victory for which they and the ruling AK Party had aggressively campaigned. Nevertheless, thousands of flag-waving supporters rallied in Ankara and Istanbul in celebration.
"For the first time in the history of the Republic, we are changing our ruling system through civil politics," Erdoğan said, referring to the military coups which marred Turkish politics for decades. "That is why it is very significant."
Under the changes, most of which will only come into effect after the next elections due in 2019, the president will appoint the cabinet and an undefined number of vice-presidents, and be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval.
Erdoğan themselves survived a failed coup attempt last July, responding with a crackdown that has seen 47,000 people detained and 120,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs.
In Ankara, where Prime Minister Binali Yildirim addressed cheering supporters, convoys of cars honking horns clogged a main avenue as they headed towards the AK Party's headquarters, their passengers waving flags from the windows.
But the head of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), Kemal Kilicdaroglu, said the legitimacy of the referendum was open to question.
The party earlier said it would demand a recount of up to 60 percent of the votes after Turkey's High Electoral Board (YSK) announced it would count ballots which had not been stamped by its officials as valid unless they could be proved fraudulent.
Kilicdaroglu has accused Erdoğan of seeking a "one-man regime", and said the proposed changes would put the country in danger.
In some affluent neighborhoods in Istanbul, people took to the streets in protest while others banged pots and pans at home - a sign of dissent that was widespread during anti-Erdogan protests in 2013.
In Istanbul's Besiktas neighborhood, more than 300 protesters brought traffic on a main street to a standstill, a Reuters cameraman at the scene said. In Ankara, scuffles between AK Party and opposition supporters broke out near the headquarters of the CHP.
EUROPEAN UNEASE
Turkey's lira firmed to 3.65 to the dollar in Asian trade following the referendum, from 3.72 on Friday.
European politicians, however, who have had increasingly strained relations with Turkey, expressed concern. The European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, said the close result meant that Ankara should seek "the broadest national consensus" in implementing the vote.
Relations hit a low during the referendum campaign when EU countries, including Germany and the Netherlands, barred Turkish ministers from holding rallies in support of the changes.
Erdoğan called the moves "Nazi acts" and said Turkey could reconsider ties with the European Union after many years of seeking EU membership.
Former Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt, who heads the liberal group of MEPs in the European Parliament, said Erdoğan needed to change course, noting the result was very tight. "If Erdoğan persists, EU should stop accession talks," they said.
Manfred Weber‏, leader of the center-right grouping tweeted: "No matter the result: with their referendum Pres. Erdoğan is splitting their country."
After the vote Erdoğan repeated their intention to review Turkey's suspension of the death penalty, a step which would almost certainly spell the end of Ankara's EU accession process.
Further deterioration in relations with the European Union could also jeopardize last year's deal under which Turkey has curbed the flow of migrants - mainly refugees from wars in Syria and Iraq - into the bloc.
The former Communist Party chief of the major northern Chinese province of Hebei has been sentenced to 15 years in prison on corruption charges, a court announced Wednesday, as President Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign continues to claim high-profile targets.
In handing down the sentence to Zhou Benshun, the Intermediate People's Court in the southeastern port city of Xiamen said they had been given relatively lenient treatment in return for cooperating with investigators and handing over the proceeds of their corruption.
It said Zhou, 64, abused their position for personal gain while serving as the top official in the province just outside Beijing and in lower level jobs between 2000 and 2015. They and their relatives had scooped up a total of more than 40 million yuan ($5.8 million) in bribes and kickbacks resulting from real estate and construction deals, safety approvals, bank loans and work promotions, the court said.
Along with turning over their ill-gotten gains, Zhou had 2 million yuan ($300,000) of their personal assets confiscated and handed over to the state treasury. They had been placed under investigation in July 2015 and expelled from the ruling party shortly afterward.
Xi has vowed to end corruption and government waste, although critics have accused them on occasion of using the campaign to attack political rivals.
Thousands of officeholders have been investigated as part of the drive, which has brought down a pair of high-ranking generals, a former member of the party's all-powerful Politburo Standing Committee, and a number of other high-ranking local and central government officials.
Students from four different states will make their way to Sweetwater County this weekend in hopes of earning that prized buckle and their ticket to represent Wyoming at the National High School Finals Rodeo in July at the Sweetwater County Events Complex in Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Below is a schedule of events:
Advertisement
TUESDAY– June 5th –
1:00 PM – 1st Go Reined Cow Horse – Indoor Arena
7:00 PM – 2nd Go Reined Cow Horse – Indoor Arena
WEDNESDAY – June 6th –
8:00 AM – FINAL GO Reined Cow Horse- Indoor Arena
6:00 PM – Jackpot Team Roping-Indoor Arena
THURSDAY – June 7th –
8:30 AM – 1st Go – 1st Slack-Timed Events only (no rough stock or SW)-Grandstand Arenas
Noon – 4 PM – Shooting Sports Competition-Location TBD
**6:00 PM -1st Go – 2nd Performance-Grandstand Arenas (Tough Enough to Wear Pink)
FRIDAY – June 8th –
7:00 AM- 1st Go Cutting- Indoor Arena
8:30 AM – 2nd Go – 1st Slack-Timed Events only (no rough stock or SW)-Grandstand Arenas (Reverse order of 1st go)
2:00 PM – 2nd Go Cutting – Performance – Indoor Arena
4:45 PM –Senior Recognition-Main Grandstands
**5:15 PM – Crowning of the Queen Grandstand Arena
**6:00 PM – 2nd Go – 2nd Performance-Grandstand Arenas (Memorial Night)
SATURDAY – June 9th –
7:00 AM – Qualifying GO – Cutting-Indoor Arena
**10:30 AM – Qualifying GO Performance- All other events-Grandstand Arenas
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Maverick presidential candidate Jaime Rodriguez was greeted with derision when they said Mexico should cut the hands off officials who steal.
But in a country wracked by vigilante movements and drug-gang violence, the proposal has quickly had a grisly echo.
The candidate known as "El Bronco" made the proposal in a presidential debate this week. The sign-language translation showing the interpreter making a slashing motion was widely shared on social media in Mexico.
Authorities in the southern state of Guerrero said late Monday a hacked-up body was found in the resort city of Acapulco next to hand-lettered signs, one of which referred to Rodriguez's proposal.
It read: "El Bronco said, cut the hands off the scum that steals," and was signed "yours, the Grave Diggers."
Two women have come forward to accuse action star Steven Seagal of sexual assault and rape.
Interested in MeToo? Add MeToo as an interest to stay up to date on the latest MeToo news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Regina Simons and Faviola Dadis made the allegations during a press conference alongside their attorney Lisa Bloom. The women have also filed a police report with the Los Angeles Police Department, according to Bloom.
The women first went public with their accusations in a story by The Wrap.
Responding to the accusations from them and others, Seagal told "InfoWars" that women have "lied and been paid to lie about me without any evidence, any proof, any witnesses."
"This is just a complete tragedy," they told host Alex Jones.
"This isn't just me but hundreds of people around the world," they said, adding that "many of those people are completely innocent."
They also said "40 percent of these claims are false."
Reps for the actor did not respond immediately to ABC News' request for comment.
IMDB
At the press conference earlier, Simons said they first met Seagal when they were in their late teens and cast in their 1994 film "On Deadly Ground." They said they invited them to the wrap party at their home, but when they showed up, no one else was there.
Instead, they said, they led them to an adjacent room, which appeared to be a bedroom, and closed the door behind him. They said they then came up behind them and began kissing them and taking off them clothes.
"I was in shock and I was completely caught off guard," they said. "Seagal was more than twice my size and twice my age. I was not sexually active. I froze."
They said they proceeded to have intercourse with them "There was nothing consensual about this," they said. "I couldn't move. And I felt as if I was watching my body from above. I felt tears coming down my face."
They said they focused on a picture of a woman from across the room. It was Kelly LeBrock, Seagal's wife at the time.
After the encounter, Simons said Seagal asked them if they needed any money. They said they replied no and ran out of the house, never speaking to the actor again.
"Although it has not been easy, I am healing," Simons said, crediting the #MeToo movement for helping them come forward. "For the first time in 25 years, I've allowed myself to process what happened and work through the pain. I pray that my abuser can also heal. I want them to be aware. I want them to acknowledge what happened. And apologize."
Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
Dadis said they also want Seagal held accountable after accusing them of sexual assault. The former model, who is originally from Amsterdam, said they met the actor in 2002 when they were casting for a film on Genghis Khan. They were only 17 at the time.
After two other auditions, in which other people were around, Dadis said they were invited to a private audition at the W Hotel and asked to wear a bikini under their clothes so that Seagal could make sure they had the right look for the part.
Dadis said they were surprised to find that there were no other people in the hotel room beside Seagal and their bodyguard. When Seagal asked them to do a catwalk in their bikini, they said they told the actor that they were uncomfortable.
"However, instead of respecting my boundaries, Steven slipped their hand underneath my bikini top and began pinching my nipples," they recalled, "and simultaneously slid their hand across my vaginal area."
Dadis said they quickly yelled that the audition was over and began gathering their things. "Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience," they said.
They added that their security guard stood blocking the door and only moved once Seagal motioned them to.
"I left feeling horrified and totally violated," they said.
After years of therapy and suffering from "depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress," Dadis said they broke their silence after Portia de Rossi came forward with an allegation of sexual harassment against Seagal in November.
The actor who is married to Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that Seagal unzipped their pants during an audition with them
My final audition for a Steven Segal movie took place in their office. They told me how important it was to have chemistry off-screen as they sat me down and unzipped their leather pants. I? ran out and called my agent. Unfazed, they replied, “well, I didn't know if they were your type.” — Portia de Rossi (@portiaderossi) November 8, 2017
Following de Rossi's tweet, Dadis, who is finishing up their Ph.D. in clinical neuroscience, posted about their alleged incident on Instagram.
Both Dadis and Simons said they came forward on their own and are not seeking fame or money. Bloom also called Seagal's claim that women have been paid to lie "ridiculous."
"I am representing them pro bono because I believe in them. And neither of them has asked them for a dime," Bloom said of Dadis and Simons. "Listen carefully Mr. Seagal, some things are more important than money."
Bloom said the two women have not filed a lawsuit, although all legal options remain open. They said in Dadis' case the statute of limitations is extended for a minor. Prosecutors can also decide to file criminal charges within a year after a police report has been filed. Both women filed police reports within the last two months.
"We will see this through to the end," Bloom said. "Steven Seagal may be a big action star, but it is Faviola and Regina who are taking action now."
More Brits are gardening than ever before - but many can't tell the difference between flowers and weeds, according to a new poll.
Admittedly, what are classed as weeds can often bear beautiful flowers, while some more mundane plants can spread through a garden and crowd out their more attractive neighbours. So you as lacking in garden gumption as the majority of the 2,000 people surveyed by B&Q? Have a go at our quiz and see how green your fingers are ...
COSTA MESA — After three steps, Austin Ekeler knew they were getting to the end zone.
Early in the fourth quarter last Sunday, the Chargers called a trap play, sending their offensive linemen to the right. A half-second later, Ekeler cut back to their left. The Philadelphia defense was out of position, and the 5-foot-10 running back saw a clear path to the goal line, 35 yards away.
First career carry, first career touchdown.
“It didn't end up going the way we planned as far as blocking scheme,” Ekeler said. “But you know, running back, it's the most instinctive position. You've got to react to things when things go bad, and make something happen.”
They did. And this Sunday at MetLife Stadium, they will face the Giants (10 a.m. PT, Ch. 13) as the Chargers' No. 2 tailback. Not bad for an undrafted rookie out of Western State.
Ekeler's touchdown was one of the bright spots in the Chargers' 26-24 loss to the Eagles — and another reminder that, every year, NFL talent evaluators miss on talent. Buried on the depth chart at the start of training camp, the 22-year-old gradually climbed up the ladder. They flashed their skills in space, totaling 108 yards from scrimmage in a preseason finale against the 49ers.
But since the regular season started, Ekeler has only gotten 12 offensive snaps. That should change at the Meadowlands this weekend. The Chargers (0-4) ruled out Branden Oliver with a hamstring injury on Friday, giving Ekeler a chance as Melvin Gordon's primary backup.
For a winless team averaging just 67.5 rushing yards per game, the change presents few downsides. Only three NFL franchises have been worse on the ground this season: the Dolphins (66.3), the Giants (59.2) and the Cardinals (57.0).
“He's a little bit of an unproven commodity from the standpoint of regular-season games,” offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt said of Ekeler, “so it's not like we have a 30-play package designed for him. But there are certain things you try to put them in for and see if you can use some of the things they do well.”
One standout trait? Two years ago in Indianapolis, Gordon ran their 40-yard dash in 4.52 seconds. A year before that, Oliver recorded the same time at their pro day.
Earlier this year, Ekeler needed just 4.43 seconds in a guest spot at Colorado's pro day, which would have ranked fourth among running backs at the NFL combine.
“Speed, speed, speed,” Ekeler said. “That's what you're gonna get — speed and agility.”
Turf wars
The Chargers have played in four different stadiums since the start of the 2017 preseason. Sunday's visit to MetLife Stadium is the first time they will play on synthetic turf.
At least one player isn't concerned about the adjustment.
“Don't think so,” said safety Tre Boston. “Warm up for 20 to 30 minutes, should be fine.”
NFL players generally prefer to play on real grass, though such surfaces can be impractical to maintain in places with cold winters.
Two years ago, Sports Illustrated produced a ranking of NFL fields, synthesizing input from players as well as stadium groundskeepers. MetLife Stadium's UBU Speed Series S5-M Synthetic Turf slotted in at No. 14. The same brand of turf was re-installed at the venue in spring of 2016.
Injury report
Rookie receiver Mike Williams was ruled out for Sunday's game, along with Oliver. Limited since May by a herniated disc in their lower back, the No. 7 overall pick has yet to make their NFL debut.
Linebacker Jatavis Brown — the NFL's third-leading tackler — and right tackle Joe Barksdale are questionable to play against the Giants (0-4). Recovering from respective ankle and foot injuries, the two could be game-time decisions at MetLife Stadium.
Linebacker Nick Dzubnar and offensive lineman Michael Schofield will likely step into the starting lineup if Brown or Barksdale don't suit up.
Receiver Tyrell Williams (neck) and tight end Sean McGrath (foot) are also listed as questionable, but both were full participants in every practice this week.
The Chargers may consider activating Andre Williams off the practice squad to supplement the running back depth chart — a move that would pit the 5-foot-11 back against their old team. A fourth-round pick by the Giants, the former Heisman finalist ran for 721 yards and seven touchdowns as a rookie in 2014.
An elderly Anaheim woman is the county's first confirmed West Nile virus-related death of the season, the OC Health Care Agency announced Friday, Oct. 6.
The woman died from complications of a West Nile virus infection, health officials said.
Orange County this year has had 26 confirmed symptomatic West Nile virus infections, according to health care officials, 22 of which led to hospitalizations. About 80 percent of people infected with West Nile virus, however, have no symptoms and the majority of people with West Nile fever do not seek medical care and are not tested.
West Nile virus can be transmitted by a bite from an infected mosquito.
Symptoms of West Nile fever include fever, headache, body aches and fatigue, along with swollen lymph glands and skin rash.
Anyone who develops the more serious symptoms of West Nile Neuroinvasive disease such as severe headaches, neck stiffness, confusion, muscle weakness or vision loss should seek medical care immediately. People over age 50 and those with underlying medical conditions are at increased risk of serious complications.
Baseball considers minor league players as seasonal apprentices, similar to musicians, artists and actors and others in certain industries who accept low pay for a temporary period as they seek to break into the big time. M.L.B. sometimes pays the players, no matter which minor league team they play for, less than $1,500 per month, but only for a six-month period — less than the federal minimum wage.
If the provision is not included in the final bill, which is expected to be revealed this week, baseball could continue with its current pay system, at least until the litigation on behalf of minor leaguers is resolved. Baseball is not expected to make any changes while the case is still pending, as it does not want to enact unilateral pay raises until it is known how the next system would work, particularly regarding overtime.
“It would be totally impractical to treat players as hourly employees,” said Dan Halem, M.L.B.'s deputy commissioner of baseball administration. “Minor league baseball is not a career. It is intended to be an avenue to the major leagues where you either make it, or you move on to something else.”
Teams also pay out lucrative signing bonuses to many, though not all, minor leaguers. According to M.L.B.'s 2016 figures, about 1,850 players received bonuses of at least $50,000 (for a total of about $440 million), which are paid out over the course of two seasons.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
M.L.B. notes that, on average, a player who does not reach the big leagues spends only two and a half years in the minor leagues, emphasizing the temporary nature of the work. Those who do advance to the majors are rewarded handsomely with a minimum salary of $545,000 per year, and often well more than that.
But life in the minors can be difficult. The players' lawsuit, originally filed in 2014, claims that the current system is unfair to the minor leaguers, who deserve to enjoy the same protections as any hourly wage earner, including extensive overtime pay to cover long game days, extra practices and lengthy travel.
The M.L.B. Players Association does not represent minor league players, so they do not have a unit to collectively bargain with M.L.B., leaving the lawsuit as their only recourse at the moment.
Baseball argues that if the current litigation, which could take another year to resolve, is decided in favor of the plaintiffs, it would become too costly to support the large network of minor league teams, and many organizations would eliminate teams at the lower levels.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Broshuis, who spent six years in the San Francisco Giants organization, asserted that baseball has more than enough money to pay for all the minor league teams with a fraction of its overall revenue. They added that, with a wide range of age and talent among players spread throughout the system, major league teams were aware they needed to maintain enough minor league layers to accommodate them appropriately.
Baseball's current agreement with Minor League Baseball runs until 2020. Under the current system, the major league teams pay the salaries of the players and coaches and the minor league teams pay the major leagues teams $20 million and a portion of ticket sales.
It is a nominal fee, and Major League organizations lose money in the minor leagues, but it still serves as a relatively cheap, if inefficient, method of player development.
“Baseball is a $10 billion industry,” Broshuis said. “There is more money than ever before. But for several decades they have neglected to give their players a raise and they need to do so.”
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - A former Rutgers University professor whose conviction for sexually assaulting a disabled man was overturned pleaded guilty Monday to aggravated criminal sexual contact.
Anna Stubblefield entered their plea Monday as part of a deal with Essex County prosecutors in New Jersey. They admitted they should have known the man was legally unable to consent, but declined further comment following the hearing.
Prosecutors will recommend Stubblefield receives a four-year prison term when she's sentenced May 7, and they will get credit for the prison time they already have served.
Stubblefield, who once chaired Rutgers-Newark's philosophy department, testified at trial that they and the man fell in love after they were brought on by their family to help them communicate. Stubblefield said they consented to the relationship by communicating on a keyboard, but prosecutors said Stubblefield used their position to take advantage of the then-29-year-old man, who has cerebral palsy and can't speak.
Stubblefield was convicted in 2015 and sentenced to 12 years in prison. But an appeals court ruled last June that they should get a new trial with a new judge because the trial judge erred by barring testimony from an expert witness for the defense.
Stubblefield's lawyer argued that the expert would have convinced jurors the man could consent to sex. The expert had done a three-day evaluation of the man that included "facilitated communication," a technique that uses a trained person to assist a disabled person, usually with typing.
The trial judge determined facilitated communication is an "unrecognized field of science."
The appellate panel found that because jurors couldn't hear the expert's full assessment of the man, they were left with the impression that no one - apart from Stubblefield themselves - believed they had the mental abilities to consent to sex.
The Associated Press generally does not identify people who are the alleged victims of sex crimes.
Stubblefield, 48, was married with children when their relationship with the man developed. They met them in 2009 through their brother, who had been taking a college course from them Over the next two years, they worked with them using facilitated communication. They argued that they could communicate by typing.
The man's family sued Stubblefield and won a $4 million judgment over their treatment of him.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies.
Struggling to think of what your elf can get up to next.
Fear not, thanks to our creative readers here's ideas a plenty...in fact there's one a night until the big day.
Cybersecurity experts are combing through data released by hackers who claim to have infiltrated the National Security Agency. The info makes it look like the NSA hacked into financial service providers in the Middle East. We'll delve into how the security community is responding to the leak. Afterwards, , we'll examine how much of a threat the growing live-streaming TV business poses to Netflix. And finally, we'll chat with Congressman Ro Khanna about their book "Entrepreneurial Nation," which looks at why manufacturing is still important in American society.
Why – How – Who?
“WHY” – The first video highlights the historic backdrop of DOJ/FBI FISA court abuses:
.
“HOW” – The second video highlights the specific example of how the DOJ and FBI used false information to the FISA Court to secure a fraudulent ‘Title-1' surveillance warrant:
.
“WHO” – The third video highlights who the primary players were within the scheme:
.
Have your say
Jonjo Shelvey apologised to Rafa Benitez and their Newcastle United team-mates – after letting them down.
The midfielder was dismissed in yesterday's 2-0 season-opening defeat to Tottenham Hotspur.
Shelvey was shown a red card for standing on Dele Alli's ankle early in the first half when the score was still goalless.
Tottenham had found space hard to come by in the first half.
But they were able to move the ball freely against 10-man United – who lost Paul Dummett and Florian Lejeune to injuries before the break – after Shelvey's dismissal.
Asked if they felt let down by Shelvey, Newcastle manager Benitez said: “It's not me, it's everyone.
“We have talked about that for a while. They know they have made a mistake and they apologised in the dressing room. But we lost the game.”
“I would also like to say that the tackle from behind from Harry Kane (on Lejeune) was worse.
“The rules are the rules, and we paid for that.
“We have to analyse everything. We can't change anything now, we move forward and we think about solutions.”
Benitez felt there were “positives” to take from the perfomance.
However, the 57-year-old didn't hide their frustration at Shelvey's “mistsake”.
“I was happy with the effort of the players,” said Benitez.
“There were a lot of positives, but still if you want to win games then we can't lose our focus for one minute.
“We know now we are in the Premier League, and we have to do everything really well if we want to win games.
“All the effort we put in on the pitch was lost because we did one mistake.
“There were a lot of positives there for all the players.”
NEWCASTLE: Elliot; Manquillo, Lejeune (Mbemba), Clark, Dummett (Lascelles); Shelvey, Hayden; Ritchie, Perez, Atsu; Gayle (Merino). Subs not used: Darlow, Murphy, Aarons, Mitrovic.
SPURS: Lloris, Walker-Peters, Alderweireld, Vertonghen, Davies, Dier, Dembele (Winks) 6, Sissoko (Heung-Min), Alli (Wanyama), Eriksen, Kane. Subs not used: Vorm, Wimmer, Carter-Vickers, Janssen.
Referee: Andre Marriner
Att: 52,072
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A federal copyright board has raised the music streaming royalties for songwriters and music publishers by more than 40 percent to narrow the financial divide separating them from recording labels.
The decision announced earlier this weekend by the National Music Publishers Association stems from a dispute pitting songwriters against steadily growing music streaming services sold by Spotify, Apple, Google, Amazon and Pandora.
The Copyright Royalty Board's decision will require those services to pay 15.1 percent of their revenue to the songwriters and publishers, up from 10.5 percent.
The music publishers association hailed the ruling, even though the trade group estimates recording labels will still be receiving $3.82 for every $1 paid to songwriters and publishers. Even so, that still represents "the most favorable balance in the history of the industry," said David Israelite, president of the music publishers association.
None of the major companies affected by the new music streaming royalties responded to requests by The Associated Press for comment, leaving it unclear whether the shift will prod any of them to raise the prices paid by consumers.
The popularity of music streaming services has soared in the past few years as more consumers have embraced paying a monthly or annual subscription fee for unlimited access to tens of millions of songs instead of incrementally buying a more limited amount of music on CDs or in a digital download.
Those changing habits have pushed artists, songwriters and publishers to step up their efforts to get a larger cut of the royalties generated from music streaming — a format that didn't even exist when some performers signed their last record deals years ago.
The Copyright Royalty Board drew up the new rates for songwriters and publishers after hearing evidence during a trial last year.
"Songwriters desperately need and deserve the rate increases," said Bart Herbison, executive director for the Nashville Songwriters Association International, another trade group.
The new royalties seem unlikely to faze Apple, Google and Amazon — all of whom rank among the world's richest companies and operate their music streaming services as complements to other products that generate most of their revenue.
The new royalty systems could leave a bigger financial dent in smaller and less diversified companies such as Spotify and Pandora, even though both are music streaming pioneers.
___
This story has been corrected to refer to the "Copyright Royalty Board" instead of the "Copyright Ruling Board."
A police inquiry is under way after a woman was pronounced dead inside a home.
At approximately 12.15pm today, Northumbria Police received a report for a concern for woman inside an address in the Oxclose area of Washington.
Officers say they were found unconscious.
A force spokesperson said: "Emergency services attended but the 41-year-old woman was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
"At this stage their death is being treated as unexplained and inquiries are ongoing surrounding the circumstances of the incident."
Anyone with any information is asked to contact Northumbria Police on 101 and quote reference number 457 14/08/17.
About 50 pages into Pajtim Statovci's debut novel, the protagonist Bekim meets a cat in a Finnish gay bar. The cat is wearing human clothes and singing along to Cher's "Believe," and Bekim, for reasons that are not quite adequately explained, is immediately attracted to him. "The cat was such a wonderful, beautiful, gifted interpreter that I took them in my arms without waiting for any indication to do so, and straightaway I noticed that their silky smooth fur smelled good and that their body was muscular from top to tail," Bekim gushes. "The mere sensation of touching it was so magical that, goodness me, I needn't have touched anything ever again."
You might be able to suspend your disbelief so far, but, goodness me, Statovci has more twists up their sleeve. Bekim is still enamored with the cat even after they learn that it doesn't care for immigrants or gay men. (Bekim belongs to both groups.) It's not clear on at the very least two levels why a homophobic cat would be in a gay bar in the first place, but My Cat Yugoslavia is such a stubbornly nonsensical book that you learn early on to stop asking questions.
Statovci's novel is essentially two stories intertwined. The first follows Bekim, who moved to Finland from Kosovo as a child. He's a resentful young man, wounded by attacks from Finns on their Muslim heritage and homosexuality. A college student who works odd jobs, he's unable to mask their hatred of their fellow students: "I treated them with disdain, contempt, I despised their lifestyles, their choices and problems. ... For what did they know about real life and real suffering? Absolutely nothing."
Lonely, Bekim buys a boa constrictor as a companion before they meet the cat, who may or may not be the titular feline. (Later in the book, they meet an actual cat when they travel to Kosovo, but it cannot talk, much less sing, and Bekim does not develop a crush on it.) Their relationship with the singing cat is stormy; the cat is a selfish and hateful freeloader, which, at least for a while, doesn't seem to bother Bekim.
The other story — a much more conventional one — follows Bekim's mother, from their childhood in Kosovo to the time their children are adults. Emine is married off to a man who they soon finds out is verbally and physically abusive: "[N]othing pleased him, and they flew into a rage with increasing regularity. ... They lived out their days in their own mind and became frustrated when reality didn't match the life they had imagined."
Bekim and their siblings (who are only mentioned in passing) learn to be afraid of their father, although Bekim's fear quickly turns to hate. "I wanted them to suffer for as long and as painfully as possible," they seethe. "I wanted them to choke underwater, suffocate in an airless wooden box, thrashing like a fish on dry land." Eventually, Bekim's father, embittered by their lack of success, goes to Kosovo. Bekim does too, but doesn't stay for long.
My Cat Yugoslavia was published in its original Finnish in 2014, when Statovci was in their early twenties, and their age shows here. It's a brash and ambitious novel, but too often Statovci lets their ideas get the better of them — they definitely have something to say about abuse, prejudice and family dynamics, but it's lost in the sheer absurdity of the story. The book reads like two novels shoehorned into one, and neither one is fully realized.
It doesn't help that the characters in the novel feel underdeveloped. Bekim is a bit of a cipher; at the end of the book, we don't know much about them besides their loneliness and resentment. Emine isn't given much to do except play the silent victim, reacting to their husband's brutality. And then there's the cat (the talking one), who's uniquely mean and unpleasant. Characters needn't be likable, of course, but whatever charm Bekim sees in the sociopathic feline is left to the reader's imagination.
That's not to say that Statovci is an untalented writer. He's clearly capable of constructing strong sentences, and it's undeniable that their imagination is boundless. It wouldn't be surprising if their next book succeeds where this one fails. But My Cat Yugoslavia, though clever in parts, is, unfortunately, too unpolished and immature to be considered anything more than a valiant attempt.
Opko shares plunge after disappointing trial results for growth hormone drug
Shares of Opko Health plunged in Tel Aviv yesterday after the U.S. company said its experimental drug for growth hormone deficiency in adults failed to provide a statistically significant benefit over a placebo in a late-stage study. The company, which is developing hGH-CTP with Pfizer, said on Friday it had identified one or more outliers in the Phase III study that may have affected the trial and said it planned to review the results. GHD is a rare disorder characterized by the inadequate secretion of the growth hormone from the pituitary gland, an organ responsible for the production of multiple hormones. Opko said it was also striating Phase III trials for a pediatric version of GHD, which accounts for about 50% of the GHD market and, analysts say, is substantially more valuable for Opko because it would be eligible to receive double-digit royalty payments from Pfizer. Shares of Opko ended down 19.5% at 35.50 shekels ($9.22). (Yoram Gabison)
El Al Airlines says tax authorities present it with 61 million-shekel assessment
El Al Airlines was presented a 61-million-shekel ($15.8 million) tax bill from the Israel Tax Authority yesterday. The airline said this was connected to deductions the airline made for salaries and other costs during 2011 and 2012, and that it was studying the assessment and would likely appeal it. The bill would be quite substantial for El Al, which generated $83 million in profits on turnover of $1.6 billion in the first nine months of last year. On the other hand, Israel's flagship carrier had tax-loss carry forwards totalling $448 million. In related news, employees of Israir learned yesterday there was a good chance the carrier would be merging with El Al before the final phase of the Open Skies accord with the European Union kicks in in 2018. The two sides have been holding talks for close to a year. Shares of El Al finished higher 0.45% at 2.56 shekels. (Yoram Gabison)
Mobileye in partnership with digital-mapper HERE
Mobileye has formed a partnership with German digital-mapping company HERE. The two will join Mobileye's Roadbook, which identifies and maps drivable routes in real-time with crowdsourced data, with HERE's HD Live Map, to give self-driving cars information on road conditions beyond what its sensors pick up about its immediate surroundings A spinoff from Nokia, HERE is a joint venture between the German automakers by Audi, Daimler and BMW. Mobileye has been working with different companies for advanced driver assistance, including a tie-up with BMW and Intel and a joint project with auto parts maker Delphi. A day after the HERE deal, Mobileye said it was also forming a partnership with the Canadian company Lucid Motors, which plans to launch its first car, the Lucid Air, with a complete sensor set for autonomous driving. After jumping 9% on Thursday, Mobileye shares retreated 0.8% to close at $38.12 on Friday. (Omri Zerachovitz)
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange starts 2017 trading on wrong foot
The Tel Aviv Stock Exchange got off to 2017 on the wrong foot yesterday, with Opko Health leading biomed shares sharply lower. The blue chip TA-25 index ended down 0.7% for the day at 1,451.91 points, while the TA-100 shed 0.4% to 1,276.94, on turnover of 658 million shekels ($170.8 million). Bond prices were higher, with the government's 10-year shekel bond ahead 0.34% to lower its yield to 2.01%, and the 10-year Galil up 0.32% to a yield of 0.53%. Drug stocks were higher, with Mylan advancing 2.3% to 149 shekels after the U.S. company said it had begun sales of a generic version of Janssen's Concerta Tablets ADHD. Teva Pharmaceuticals was up 1.2% to 140. Real estate stocks were also higher, with Gazit Globe adding 3.6% to 34 and Norstar 4.35% to 61.14. Bank Leumi was down 0.1% to 15.84. Excellence predicted it would sell its Leumicard credit card unit before the end of the year. (Omri Zerachovitz)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Saudi Arabia says a wide-reaching anti-corruption campaign has netted more than $106 billion in financial settlements with 65 people who remain in custody.
Saudi Attorney General Saud al-Mojeb said on Tuesday that the settlements reached include seizure of real estate assets, commercial entities, securities and cash. Their statement didn't disclose further details on the types of businesses or real estate that was acquired.
The attorney general says the remaining 65 still in custody have not reached a financial settlement "due to other pending criminal cases, or in order to continue the investigation process."
Among those released over the weekend was billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who was among at least 11 princes and dozens of business people and officials detained in the sweep that began on Nov. 4.
MK Ghattas (Arab Joint List) has been distanced from parliamentary activity for six months.
This means that they cannot take place in various deliberations, although they can still vote.
The distancing comes after Ghattas' parliamentary immunity was removed to enable a police investigation of their involvement in passing cell phones to Hamas prisoners in jail.
The original Taco Bell building is moved on a large flathead down Firestone Boulevard in Downey on Nov.19, 2015, to corporate headquarters in Irvine, where it will be stored. (Daily Breeze file photo)
The first Taco Bell in Downey, seen on Jan. 16, 2014, wasn't owned by the company at the time and was set for demolition. Taco Bell did save the structure and move it to the company's corporate headquarters in Irvine. (Photo by Brittany Murray / Daily Breeze)
TUSTIN — Robert L. McKay, who designed the first Taco Bell restaurant and with founder Glen Bell turned it from a quirky food stand into a fast-food empire, has died. They were 86.
Their son, Rob McKay, says McKay died last week from cancer.
Bell opened their first Taco Bell in Downey, California in 1962, selling hard-shell tacos and other Mexican-inspired fast food.
McKay was an architect and designed the Spanish-style arched and tiled building that became the chain's signature look.
RELATED: Saved from the wrecking ball: Taco Bell to relocate original 1962 Downey food stand to Irvine
McKay eventually became president of Taco Bell, which had some 900 restaurants when it was sold to PepsiCo in 1978.
They went on to finance other businesses that invested in technology, consumer products, real estate and banking.
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 14
Cleveland Indians' Yan Gomes, second from left, is hugged by pitcher Josh Tomlin and mobbed by teammates after Gomes hit a game winning RBI-single in the 13th inning of Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the New York Yankees, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Cleveland. Austin Jackson scored on the play. The Indians won 9-8. (AP Photo/Phil Long)
CLEVELAND (AP) — Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as the Cleveland Indians rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second. Gomes went to a full count before pulling their bouncer just inside the third-base bag, easily scoring Jackson. The Indians poured out of their dugout to mob Gomes, who ended the 5-hour, 8-minute thriller.
"We just were supposed to win," said Indians outfielder Jay Bruce, who hit a game-tying homer in the eighth. "No words, honestly. I'm speechless."
The Indians posted their biggest comeback win in postseason history, overcoming an 8-3 deficit, a terrible start by ace Corey Kluber and a potentially serious injury to slugger Edwin Encarnacion.
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland, right after a close call on a hit by pitch that the Yankees didn't challenge.
New York had its chances late, but the Yankees stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th — and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th by Gomes from the behind the plate.
Cleveland will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium. Carlos Carrasco is set to start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka.
As they've done so many times in a season becoming more special by the day, the defending AL champions battled back and can now put the Yankees away in New York — just as they did in the 2007 ALDS.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. They said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting they should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first postseason slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, they wrapped their arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with their homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Bruce ripped a 3-1 pitch into the left-field bleachers to tie it. When they reached second, Lindor was out of the dugout waving around their teammate as the Indians had caught the Yankees.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest postseason game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled them after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as they slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave them a polite ovation and several teammates approached them to offer consolation.
This was a shocker to the Indians, who started Trevor Bauer in the opener so they could bring back Kluber in Game 2 and then use them again if the series goes five games. But after the way the Yankees roughed up their ace, Cleveland's plans appear flawed.
The Indians tied it 2-2 in the first, but lost Encarnacion.
Sabathia gave up a two-out walk and hit Encarnacion on the right knee to load the bases before Carlos Santana followed with a two-run single.
Bruce followed with a liner up the middle that was gloved by leaping shortstop Didi Gregorius, who dived headfirst into second to try and double up Encarnacion. Cleveland's free-swinging DH scrambled back, but jammed their foot into the base and rolled their ankle badly.
Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled around in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. They were helped to their feet and had to be assisted off the field, but not after stopping halfway to the dugout because they were in such discomfort.
Encarnacion is the biggest bat in Cleveland's lineup — they hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs this season — and the Indians aren't the same without him.
BRANTLEY'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland's deep postseason run in 2016, Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan — before Encarnacion got hurt — was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left.
They replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5.
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts, the most by an Indians pitcher since Cliff Lee won 12 in 2008. Tanaka, who struck out a career-high 15 in their last start, will be making their second postseason start for the Yankees. They lost the wild-card game in 2015.
——
• Talk about it inside The State of Basketball
• Subscribe to our podcast on iTunes
• Learn more about our print and digital publication, The Wolfpacker
• Follow us on Twitter: @TheWolfpacker
• Like us on Facebook
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israel is preparing to extradite a 63-year-old citizen to the United States, where they are wanted on suspicion of killing their mother.
The state prosecution says Monday it has asked the court to declare Thomas Joseph Gross fit for extradition. The American extradition request says Gross travelled to Florida in 2012 to visit their mother. The night before their return to Israel they allegedly drugged them and stabbed them to death in their car outside their Lakewood Ranch home. The next morning they called 911, saying they had found their body, and tried to portray the scene as a suicide or robbery gone wrong.
Gross' Israeli lawyer says they were previously questioned and released by authorities and the extradition is a shaming attempt by their sister over an inheritance battle.
Organizers of President-elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade say the marching band of Talladega College, Alabama's oldest private, historically Black liberal arts college has accepted an invitation to perform.
The move comes as historically black schools like Howard University, which marched in President Barack Obama's first inaugural parade, said they didn't apply to march at Trump's inauguration.
The move has lit up Talladega College's social media sites with a sharp debate about the band's decision to participate. Some people voiced strong opposition, while others support the band's participation.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday that the Talladega College Marching Tornadoes was among 40 groups, including high school bands and military organizations, scheduled to perform in the parade.
Talladega College officials haven't returned phone calls and emails seeking comment.
Welland native and dual-sport standout Lauren Frasca is staying home to play basketball and soccer at the post-secondary level.
Frasca, 17, will enroll in the fitness and health promotion program at Niagara College after graduating from Notre Dame College School.
“Attending Niagara College is a great opportunity to compete in both basketball and soccer for a post-secondary school that is highly regarded for their academic and athletic programs,” they said. “The school is also close to home, meaning family and friends are always close by for encouragement and support.”
Frasca brings the Knights a resume that also includes numerous high-level track and field and sportsmanship awards.
“My goals are to complete my education while maintaining my passion for both basketball and soccer,” they said. “I also want to become a stronger threat offensively because I have always been very defensive-minded, but I really want to ensure I am contributing at both ends.”
Frasca played basketball at the club level in the Welland Warriors system, and they competed on the pitch for the Niagara Regional Soccer Program.  They are a two-time Ontario Basketball Association Division II champion with the Warriors.
“Lauren is an outstanding athlete that we are pleased to welcome to the Knights family,” Niagara College women's basketball head coach Mike Beccaria said. “We love their competitiveness and their ability to attack the rim.”
“We are projecting them to be a very good defensive player at the OCAA level.”
Before taking the court with the Knights women's basketball program, Frasca will flex their prowess at the right fullback position for Niagara's women's soccer team beginning in August.
“Lauren is a very skilled defensive player with good game sense,” said Rob Lalama, incoming head coach of the women's soccer team. “She has tremendous speed on defense with the ability to shut down primary attackers.”
“She brings physicality and aggressiveness to our back line, and is also capable of jumping into the attack.”
Lawyer And Ex Of Aaron Hernandez Says That They Are Tortured By Homosexual Secrets
Lawyer And Ex Of Aaron Hernandez Says That They Are Tortured By Homosexual Secrets
Nearly one year after their suicide in a Massachusetts prison, investigations into Aaron Hernandez's troubled, battered mind continue. In an Oxygen Media documentary that premiered this weekend, two people close to Hernandez said the ex-NFL star and Connecticut native was gay, and that their sexuality was a source of anguish in their short, violent life.
The public's posthumous fascination with Hernandez shows the almost unbelievable steepness of their fall from football star to convicted murderer to dead at age 27.
In the four-hour documentary, a member of Hernandez's legal team, George Leontire, said they spoke with the ex-Patriot about their sexuality. Leontire, who helped secure Hernandez's acquittal in a 2017 double murder case, told the documentary's producers,
“this man clearly was gay.”
Hernandez “acknowledged it, acknowledged the immense pain it caused him,” said Leontire, who is gay himself. “I think they also came out of a culture that was so negative about gay people, that they exhibited some self-hatred.”
An ex-girlfriend from Hernandez's University of Florida days said in the documentary that they had suspected that they were gay when they were dating and that they confirmed it when they were corresponding after their murder conviction.
Hernandez's fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins Hernandez, pushed back on rumors concerning their sexuality in a television interview last May.
“It's embarrassing, in a sense,” they said. “It's hurtful, regardless if it's true or not. It's just not something that I saw. It's not something that I believe. It's just not him.”
The two met at Bristol Central High School, where Hernandez shattered records as an All-State tight end and defensive end. Jenkins Hernandez is the mother of Hernandez's daughter, Avielle, who is 5.
After their suicide in April 2017, Hernandez's brain was dissected by Boston University researchers, who said it was so battered that it resembled the brain of a 46-year-old boxer. Last October, their family sued the National Football League and the sports equipment company Riddell, saying neither the league nor its helmet supplier did enough to protect Hernandez from the sport's blows and the neurological damage they caused.
Hernandez was convicted in 2015 of murdering Odin Lloyd, a semi-professional football player who was dating Jenkins Hernandez's sister and was sentenced to life in prison. In 2017, Hernandez was acquitted of a separate, double murder charge in connection with the shooting deaths of two men in Boston's South End. Five days after being acquitted, Hernandez committed suicide in a maximum security prison cell in Lancaster, Mass.
European Union countries are complicit in the abuse of migrants held in Libya, Amnesty International said in a report released Tuesday that accused the EU of turning a blind eye to allegedly brutal tactics of the Libyan coast guard and dangerous detention facilities.
The human rights group also alleged that the Libyan coast guard accepted kickbacks from smugglers to let migrant boats leave for Europe. Amnesty said it had video and other documentary evidence that a boat donated by Italy was involved in an interception operation in which up to 50 people drowned.
"European governments have not just been fully aware of these abuses," Amnesty Europe Director John Dalhuisen said. "By actively supporting the Libyan authorities in stopping sea crossings and containing people in Libya, they are complicit in these crimes."
Overwhelmed by the arrival of more than 1 million migrants in 2015, the EU has worked with Libya and its neighbors to cut off the main migration route from Africa to Europe. Its strategy has including training and equipping Libya's coast guard to stop boats trying to make the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing.
The moves have trapped an estimated 20,000 migrants in Libya, where detention facilities are overcrowded and unsanitary, Amnesty International said.
EU officials have rejected criticism of Europe's approach to curbing immigration and say the bloc's money has been channeled into Libya through United Nations agencies. Only about 150 of Libya's 3,000 coast guard members have received training sponsored by the bloc, the EU said.
The EU's border agency, Frontex, reported Monday that the number of migrants making it to Europe through the central Mediterranean route from Libya to Italy dropped by one-third during the first 11 months of the year, to around 116,400, compared to the same period in 2016. Most were Nigerians, Frontex said.
Amnesty said the report was based on interviews with dozens of migrants and officials.
The group said it also reviewed video, photographs and documents showing that in at least one incident, the crew of a boat Italy donated to Libya's coast guard failed to deploy lifeboats for migrants it encountered.
While trying to climb up the high sides of the vessel, the Ras Jadir, many passengers fell into the water and about 50 drowned, Amnesty said. Recordings also showed rescued migrants being whipped on the coast guard ship, the rights group alleged.
It said some migrants onboard jumped into the water to try to reach rafts deployed by a non-governmental organization's rescue boat.
"European governments have shown where their true priorities lie: namely, the closure of the central Mediterranean route, with scant regard to the suffering caused," Dalhuisen said.
Text messages are notorious for misconstruing tone, but a recent exchange led to one person losing their job.
An apparently heartless text response to a request for time off was shared online and led to an investigation and a dismissal.
Crystal Reynolds Fisher shared screen grabs of their conversation with their manager on , and now their company has confirmed that the manager no longer works at the company.
In the texts, Fisher writes that their son is on life support and, as a result, they will not be able to make it to their shift two days later.
"This isn't how we do things, so I'll accept that you're quitting," their manager, identified only as Dawn, wrote in response, according to the screengrab.
Fisher shared three screens grabbed images of the exchange, wherein Dawn continues to assert that if Fisher doesn't come to work for the following shift, it will be viewed as their quitting as opposed to a planned absence.
"If you can't come to work that's you quitting," they write at one point.
"I will not get into [it] with you on here but I've been more than accomodating during this alloweding schedule changes and such," Dawn writes. "There is no reason you can't work and I will not tolerate drama."
"End of conversation... If you aren't there to work your shift tomorrow then I take that as you quit," they wrote in two texts.
Fisher did not immediately return ABC News' request for comment.
Fisher and their manager reportedly worked at PS Food Mart in Albion, Michigan, which is owned by Folk Oil.
At one point in the exchange, Fisher says that they will contact corporate, and Dawn responds with the phone number for the corporate office.
"Would u [sic] be able to go to work and function if ur [sic] child was on life support? I don't know if I'm coming or going and I [sic] expect me to work?" Dawn writes in one text.
"Yes I would, I still have bills to pay and something to keep me busy and occupied. We don't just get to come and go as we please at Folk Oil. I have tomorrow and Monday covered. Your son is in the best place they can be. I have a store to run and that's my focus," Dawn responded in the final text.
Fisher posted the exchange on Facebook on June 30, and two days later, PS Food Mart posted a statement on their Facebook account.
"We investigated and have found that the situation was handled improperly and without the compassion that we value as a company. For that, we are very sorry," the said in the statement.
"As a result of this finding, we took quick action and that manager is no longer employed by PS Food Mart. We have also reaffirmed to our employee that they will be able to take all the time off that they need during this difficult period," the statement said.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
A former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice says a prosecutor's agreement to drop a criminal case against Gov. Eric Greitens following their resignation is "a good result for him."
Michael Wolff said Wednesday that it's possible that Greitens supporters were counting Missouri House votes on their impeachment and concluded they couldn't avoid it. Greitens plans to step down Friday.
Wolff also is a retired Saint Louis University law school dean. They said Greitens will leave office admitting to "doing nothing" and it's possible that in six months that they will say a "liberal cabal" pushed them out.
Wolff also said it's "surprising" that the agreement would protect the prosecutor and their staff from being sued over their actions.
They said, "I don't know if I've ever seen that."
___
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when they resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity they founded for their 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced their resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with their St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after their attorneys suggested they would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokesperson for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They didn't elaborate.
Martin says they expect a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says they think "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says they made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. They say there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if they were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to their status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said they reject their "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that they were resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GE Aviation in Hooksett, N.H., continues to transform the factory floor of a 2015 expansion it undertook to produce blisks for the LEAP aircraft engine.
The only constant in life is change.
Those words, or similar ones, are most frequently attributed to Heraclitus, an ancient Greek philosopher who very likely wasn't looking at a factory floor when they made this observation. Nevertheless, it is a fitting comment on the state of manufacturing. Successful manufacturing enterprises don't stand still. By definition, neither do their production floors.
Toyota, for example, has introduced its Toyota New Global Architecture. While it is a comprehensive approach to developing new vehicles, TNGA has a strong plant-floor component. Flexibility is the key, with elements including compact equipment, smaller paint booths and production lines that can be easily lengthened or shortened as needs dictate. In another example, L.B. Foster completely reimagined its Magnolia, Texas, production site, introducing single-piece flow as its centerpiece.
In short, changes in technology, processes and talent are taking place today to create the factory floor of tomorrow. IndustryWeek takes a look at three examples.
Smart Phone, Smart Factory
“The factory floor is becoming like a phone, a smartphone. A smartphone is a GPS; a smart phone is a video, a television, a phone. It's a camera. It's everything. We should learn from that example.”
So advises Amit Agarwal, senior manager, automation engineering & MIS at Gentex Optics, a manufacturer of lenses for eyeglasses and a business of France's Essilor International, which annually produces more than 500 million lenses worldwide.
Agarwal's Gentex Optics has taken heed of the smartphone example. The manufacturer has been moving forward with a multimillion-dollar smart manufacturing initiative at its Dudley, Mass., production site. And it's not alone. According to a recent report from technology consulting firm Capgemini, smart factories could add $500 billion in annual value added to the global economy in the next five years, driven by a 27% increase in manufacturing efficiency. Moreover, Capgemini suggests the $500 billion is a conservative forecast, with $1.5 trillion possible on the high end.
Lessons Learned at Gentex Optics
At Gentex Optics, Industry 4.0 is in the midst of transforming the factory floor from islands of automation to integrated, highly automated processes that speak to each other and perform a wide variety of tasks with little human intervention. About 60% of the factory is automated at this stage of the project.
The goal of the transformation is straightforward, explains Agarwal: improved productivity and efficiency. And those gains are occurring, they say.
Agarwal shared lessons learned from the Dudley site's more than five-year (and ongoing) transformation journey during the recent MESA International North American Conference and in a follow-up interview with IndustryWeek, where the focus of the conversation was the human side of a digital transformation.
Accenture's Five Tips for Success A successful factory floor transformation doesn't happen by accident. Russ Rasmus, managing director at Accenture Strategy, offers five tips to improve your company's chances for success: 1. Understand the most critical business challenges you are trying to alleviate and focus on business value. … This is not an OpEx program rollout. 2. Connect the factory level value to your company's goals; plant workers need to know they impact the big picture. 3. Coordinate centrally across the business, but own and execute at the plant level. 4. Engage the right measures and transparency to drive the performance you desire—you manage what you measure. 5. Recognize how digital enablers can complement or accelerate shop floor improvement efforts. Digital is the future of the plant.
Interestingly, one key point they emphasized had little to do with technology at all.
“Culture and leadership is more important even though it is a technological project. Without those you cannot do such a project,” they say.
Agarwal brings an interesting perspective to a smart manufacturing transformation project. Their background is not in IT. Instead Agarwal has a master's degree in plastics engineering and an MBA in entrepreneurship and finance. They also have 15 years of experience in manufacturing operations and engineering, with recent work in lean and Six Sigma, and automation program management.
The IT/OT Convergence
That varied background may explain why Agarwal speaks frequently about eliminating silos when it comes to advancing a transformational project. In this instance they are speaking of the traditional manufacturing silos of IT and OT as two separate business domains, with interaction between the two functions most kindly described as less than efficient.
Early in its Industry 4.0 project, Gentex Optics worked to eliminate those silos by bringing the engineering and MIS/IT group under a single reporting structure at the Dudley site, thus driving improved IT/OT collaboration.
“You can't do this project group without that (collaboration),” Agarwal says. “It's impossible.
“We worked as a team. People had no egos then. It was one project, one success,” Agarwal explains. “I think people, as they work together, they learn to respect each other and find the strength so that they can work together.”
They make another point about the benefits of IT/OT collaboration: learning from all data your automation is collecting in real time. “At the end of the day your systems need to connect, so your production floor needs to connect with SCADA. SCADA needs to connect with MES, and MES needs to connect with ERP. And all the data that is generated, you need to learn from that—do your BI and AI—and then infuse the learnings back into the system. That also cannot happen without IT and OT.”
Getty Image
On Monday afternoon, a white rental van plowed into a group of pedestrians at the busy intersection of Yonge Street and Finch Avenue in midtown Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others. Now, details are starting emerge about the suspect, 25-year-old Richmond Hill, Ontario resident Alek Minassian, who was taken into custody by a lone police officer following the rampage.
Minassian is set to appear in court at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, although an exact motive is not yet known and they do not appear to be affiliated with any terrorist organizations. One possibly telling detail, however, was discovered on a Facebook account believed to be Minassian's that was posted just before the attack.
“All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger,” the post declared, referring to the 22-year-old mass murderer who went on a deadly spree near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014, killing six people and injuring 14 others in a combined stabbing, shooting, and vehicular attack. Rodger left behind a 141 page manifesto seemingly inspired by 4Chan and men's rights activists, in which they stated that they had fantasies of “becoming very powerful and stopping everyone from having sex,” and that sex should be outlawed, because it's “the only way to make the world a fair and just place.”
There will likely be more insight into what compelled Minassian to carry out the attack in the coming days and weeks. They were described by a neighbor as “odd, kept to themselves and didn't socialize with other students.”
(Via CNN, USA Today)
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
WASHINGTON (CNS)—People of goodwill can disagree on matters of public policy—even if they're ordained clergy, and the public policy under debate has the potential to affect the way they conduct their ministry.
The issue is the Johnson Amendment, a 1954 rider inserted by then-Sen. Lyndon Johnson into that year's version of the tax code banning all federally recognized nonprofit organizations—including religious organizations—from endorsing candidates and otherwise participating in partisan political activity at the risk of losing their tax-exempt status.
The Republican Party made repeal of the amendment a plank in its 2016 convention platform, and President Donald Trump vowed Feb. 2 at the National Prayer Breakfast to “get rid of and totally destroy” the Johnson Amendment.
Rep. Jody Hice, R-Georgia, a second-term member of congress and a co-sponsor of the Free Speech Fairness Act, as the Johnson Amendment repeal bill has been named, is a former Southern Baptist minister who thinks repeal is a good idea.
Rabbi Jack Moline, president of the Interfaith Alliance, believes repeal would create more problems than it tries to solve.
Until about a decade ago, “I would receive threatening letters” from the IRS that said “we would lose our tax-exempt status if we reviewed political issues,” Hice told Catholic News Service Feb. 3. Those letters, they added, were “very threatening, very chilling.”
Then, in 2008, Hice said, they and 32 other clergy issued endorsements from their pulpits, recorded those endorsements, sent them to the IRS and challenged them to do something about it. The IRS never responded, so Hice was part of a group—this time numbering 160—that did the same thing the next year. Again, no response. Now, every year, the Alliance Defending Freedom coordinates a similar event.
“Churches have censored themselves right out of participation, right out of keeping their congregations informed,” Hice said. With the Johnson Amendment repealed, “you could address the issues, in my case, from a biblical perspective, and actually endorse a candidate (whose views) that we as a congregation share without fear of losing tax-exempt status or being threatened in any way.”
Hice added the bill would not permit churches to conduct political activities outside of “the normal course of your ministry.” “No-full-page ads” in newspapers would be allowed, although putting something in the church bulletin is OK, they said.
Rabbi Moline, though, believes the opposite to be true.
The bill “would make religious institutions destinations for dark money for political purposes. Since they are 501(c)(3) (shorthand for a federal rule governing nonprofits), they are not only tax-exempt but tax-deductible,” they told CNS Feb. 3. “People who give money to PACs, which have come under attack, will now be able to give money to a 501(c)(3) with less accountability, and the ability to compromise the mission of a house of God,” if the bill became law.
Repealing the Johnson Amendment, Rabbi Moline said, would “create a campaign political atmosphere in houses of worship all over the country. It's important for people of faith to understand their tradition, but to be sheltered from having to express those values in a political way.”
Rabbi Moline added that under the bill, “the government would essentially be funding campaign activities through the tax base, actually reducing—twice—the amount of money that would otherwise be collected in taxes. They would be exempt from taxes by the institution and also by the contributor.”
Priests for Life founder and its national director, Father Frank Pavone, said in a Feb. 2 statement the Johnson Amendment “has muzzled clergy for too long. It's time for priests, pastors and other clergy to be able, as the president said, ‘to speak freely without fear of retribution.'”
Tim Delaney, National Council of Nonprofits president, voiced “strong opposition” to the repeal bill. “Nonprofits are already free to exercise their First Amendment rights to advocate for their missions,” they said in a Feb. 2 statement. “Allowing political operatives to push for endorsements would put nonprofits in a position where they become known as Democratic charities or Republican charities and put missions at risk.”
New York (1010WINS) 1010 WINS has teamed up with Animal Care Centers of New York City to let you know about some of the adoptable animals looking for loving homes in the city's shelters, and, where ACC's mobile adoption units are headed with even more great pets.
This week, we're featuring Meet Zoe, Allen & Bagel:
Bagel (19251) When I approached Bagel's kennel they were so happy to see me, and we hadn't been formally introduced yet. Once out of the kennel, I found myself on the receiving end of a nice big hug. Once we exited the shelter, they did their business and spent the remainder of their walk exploring their surroundings. Bagel pulls a bit on leash, but I found them to be a good walking Buddy. Bagel is a “fun” dog. They like to play fetch/keep away, which had me laughing at their antics. Stop by Staten Island ACC and take this special girl home with you. Staten Island ACC: 3139 Veterans Road West. Learn more about Bagel HERE.
Allen (7878) Allen is a sweet red-eyed white rabbit who is a bunny teenager. They have been at the shelter since they were a wee bun and is now maturing into a delightful bundle of joy.  They are curious and energetic and will make a loving companion for years to come. Available for adoption at Manhattan ACC: 326 East 110th Street (between 1st and 2nd Aves.) New York, NY 10029. Learn more about Allen HERE.
Animal Care Centers of NYC (ACC), a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, is the only open-admissions animal shelter in New York City and takes in approximately 30,000 animals every year. ACC's three Care Centers in Manhattan (326 East 110th Street), Brooklyn (2336 Linden Boulevard), and Staten Island (3139 Veterans Road West) are open for adoptions 12pm-8pm Monday thru Friday, and 10am-6pm Saturdays and Sundays.
Roe (19450) Roe is the perfect 2-year-old #Boroughbred.  They are shy, sweet, affectionate, and looking for love at Brooklyn ACC: 2336 Linden Boulevard. Learn more about Roe HERE.
If you're interested in one of the animals featured here, email ACC's Adoption team at adopt@nycacc.org with the animal's name and “A#”, or head directly to the Care Center where the animal is located. Please note, animals featured here may already be placed by the time you arrive, but there are hundreds of great cats, dogs, and rabbits looking for loving homes every day! You can view available animals online, and at the Care Centers, ACC Adoption Counselors will help you find the best match.
You can also meet your new best friend at ACC's Mobile Adoption Center, which travels throughout the city.
This week's mobile adoption events:
Saturday, 2/3, 12pm – 4pm: Petco Gateway Mall. 528 Gateway Dr, Brooklyn, New York 11239
Saturday, 2/3, 12pm – 4pm: Petco Yonkers. 2350 Central Park Ave, Yonkers, 10710
Sunday, 2/4, 12pm – 4pm: Raymour & Flanigan. 1961 Broadway, New York, New York 10023
Sunday, 2/4, 12pm – 4pm: Petco Forest Hills. 9111 Metropolitan Ave, Forest Hills, New York 11374
Additional Details and a brand new Interactive Events Map can be found at: http://nycacc.org/adoptionevents
(Note: dates and locations are subject to change. Information will be updated as quickly as possible.)
To adopt an animal, you must have a valid photo ID, be 18 years of age or older, and bring proof of current address. ACC adoptions include vaccinations, spay/neuter, a pre-registered microchip, an identification tag, a collar, and a certificate for a free initial exam at a participating veterinarian.
For more information, visit http://www.nycacc.org/Adopt.htm.
Photo
Facebook is once again struggling with revelations that manipulative characters exploited the vulnerabilities of its platform during the 2016 election to put Donald Trump in the White House. The company said last week that it was suspending the accounts of Cambridge Analytica, a company that worked for the Trump campaign, and a professor, Aleksandr Kogan, who is said to have deceptively amassed information from more than 50 million people without their consent. That may sound like decisive action, but it came more than two years after Facebook learned of the problem.
Starting in 2014, Mr. Kogan got the data, using a quiz app, under the guise of academic research. They handed the information to Cambridge Analytica, which used it to build profiles of voters' personalities, according to reports in The New York Times and The Observer of London on Saturday.
What is particularly disturbing about this case is that Facebook has not yet identified and alerted users whose profile information was vacuumed up by the app, most of whom had never used it but were friends with somebody else who had. Further, Facebook did not verify that Cambridge Analytica and Mr. Kogan deleted the data after the social media company told them to in 2015. The Times reported that Cambridge still had most or all of the data.
Facebook's response so far is reminiscent of its slow, defensive reaction to the spread of pro-Trump fake news on its platform during the 2016 presidential campaign. Days after the election, Facebook's founder and chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, said it was a “pretty crazy idea” to suggest that fake news had influenced the outcome. It took months for them to admit that they were wrong to so cavalierly dismiss the importance of hoaxes spread on Facebook, many of them by people working on behalf of the Russian government.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It is hard to know just how useful the profile information from Facebook was in Cambridge's effort to help elect Mr. Trump. The company has offered contradictory statements about its use of what's called “psychographic data” for the campaign, which included targeting political messages to voters receptive to them. The trove contained enough details about roughly 30 million people, including where they lived, that the company was able to build detailed profiles by linking the data to other sources of information.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Officials in the United States and the European Union are investigating Cambridge Analytica, and others say they might, including members of Congress and the attorney general of Massachusetts, Maura Healey. In Britain, regulators and lawmakers are looking at whether the company tried to illegally influence the “Brexit” referendum of 2016.
Close Get email notifications on Michael Smith daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Michael Smith posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Their family's roots are in Rwanda, and Ntilikina said their mother still has horrid memories of the genocide that occurred there in the first half of the 1990s but doesn't talk about it. “She always wanted to protect me about all the stuff that happened,'' they said.
As a child in Strasbourg, they would trail their brothers as they went to play basketball, and their introduction to the sport was brutal. Yves and Brice bullied them on the court, posting them up, crossing them over and shooting in their face, knowing Frank had no recourse — a circumstance known to little brothers everywhere.
But basketball stuck, even when their brothers moved on to focus on their studies. (Brice is now a physical therapist, and Yves is a surgeon.) Ntilikina began playing on local teams, and their bedroom, which they shared with Brice, became a testimonial to the N.B.A., with posters of Derrick Rose a constant on the walls.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
By the time they were 14 they joined the Strasbourg organization. By 16, they were playing with Strasbourg's highest-level team. Their teammates were sometimes more than twice their age. Louis Campbell, the point guard they would solicit advice from, was 35.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ntilikina had to ingratiate themselves with seasoned professionals. They quickly decided their niche was as a role player who brought energy and defense in large supplies.
They also peppered them with questions about the N.B.A. — where teammates like ex-Knick Mardy Collins and former Dallas Maverick Rodrigue Beaubois had played. The European game, they told him, was focused more on basketball I.Q., a style of play in which guile can make up for whatever is lacking in athleticism. The N.B.A., they were told, was ruled by the best players, and talent was the most important currency.
“They told me like when you go here, you don't have to think too much, because I used to think a lot,” they said. “I used to play the game as a chess game. So they told me when you go there, you just have to play your game and not think too much. Play on your instinct and not think about too many tactical things, because here they're more aggressive, right to the basket.”
Their coach last season, they said, prioritized the cerebral style. Changing their approach, Ntilikina believes, won't be an issue. They said they played off instinct with France's U-18 team and did well. And they have been studying N.B.A. players long enough to know how the league works, watching tapes of Rajon Rondo, Chris Paul, Stephen Curry and Rose, hoping to refine parts of their game by copying from theirs.
The Knicks' demands for them this season is unknown. The team recently signed veteran point guard Ramon Sessions, but neither they nor Ron Baker, a second-year player, has a lock on the job. If Ntilikina offers defense and energy, that alone could make them a steady contributor in the coming season.
Photo
However, they have also found themselves in the N.B.A. rumor mill before training camp has even started. Various trade scenarios that would have a disgruntled Kyrie Irving end up with the Knicks often include Ntilikina going to Cleveland as part of the package the Cavaliers would get in return.
But trade scenarios are just that, scenarios. For now, Ntilikina is trying to focus on what they know is ahead, a career in the N.B.A.
“What I know is maybe I'm not — not ready — but I'm not going to be great now, but what I'm going to do for sure is work a lot,” they said. “I'm going to work very hard. I will trust the process, work hard and try to be the best me in the future. Maybe it will take time, maybe not. We'll figure it out.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The biggest adjustment so far, they say, is not on the court or with the language. They learned English at school, and through movies and music. Instead, they are still getting used to the difference between the French and Americans.  They are surprised and enthralled by the friendliness they have experienced here.
“Everyone talks to everybody,” they said. “It's crazy how some random people you met on the street you can be friends with. In France, it's not like that much.”
Last month, they went to a restaurant with Felder and a woman stopped them and jumped into a 15-minute conversation. They did not know Ntilikina, and they were not wearing a Knicks shirt to offer a hint. “It was cool,” they said. “I think it's just the best example to tell of how American people are. They're very friendly.”
They have been recognized once, while shopping in Brooklyn, and made sure that the person who stopped them was able to take a photograph. They felt compelled to cooperate after benefiting from that kind of graciousness as a child. Ntilikina went to Strasbourg games every Saturday and then took photos with the players. They were grateful for the ones who stopped to talk to him. Campbell, their former teammate, took a picture with them when Ntilikina was 8 years old.
In a few months, when they begin their first N.B.A. season, Ntilikina will face a similar situation. Players they only watched before will share the court with him. They do not intend to be star-struck. They have already thought about what it will be like to face, say, Russell Westbrook for the first time. Ntilikina said they will not be excited. They will just play.
Their brothers and mother will remain in France, visiting them on occasion. And soon, they will move out of Felder's home and into their own place. The new chapter in their life will not have many strings attached.
“I obviously know why I'm here,” Ntilikina said. “It's not that difficult.”
_________
The word solicitude has appeared in 11 articles on nytimes.com in the past year, including on Oct. 1 in “Back at Full Strength, Supreme Court Faces a Momentous Term” by Adam Liptak:
The Supreme Court's earlier decisions and Justice Kennedy's conflicting impulses about gay rights and free speech make the outcome hard to predict. In 2015, in a majority opinion written by Justice Kennedy, the court established a constitutional right to same-sex marriage, and the court has in recent decades consistently ruled in favor of gay rights.
But the court has also shown solicitude for businesses run on religious principles, as when it ruled in 2014 that some companies could not be required to provide free contraceptive coverage for their female workers. Justice Kennedy voted with the majority.
The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended into the week instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
"It doesn't get much drier than these folks," the National Weather Service Service tweeted, adding that more than 80 observation sites in the region reported afternoon relative humidity levels between just 1 and 9 percent.
On Monday, ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air in foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders were leaving, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as they live-streamed their family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
"Praying for the people in my area," they said to their Instagram followers. "Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
"I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all," they wrote.
The blaze — known as the Thomas fire — has destroyed 683 homes, officials said. It was partially contained after burning 362 square miles (937 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
"There's so much ash it's unbelievable," manager Richard Sanchez said. "Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered."
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall "like a fine snow" from their home after the school postponed final exams until January. They said their environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — "nasty buggers" — that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
They said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
"When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, 'No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'" they said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
The National Weather Service said that if the long-term forecast holds, there will have been 13 consecutive days of dry offshore flow before it ends Friday afternoon. There have only been 17 longer streaks since 1948, including the record of 24 days set between December 1953 and January 1954.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
———
John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
———
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
———
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
GANGNEUNG, South Korea (AP) — The North Korean flag is flying in South Korea for the first time in years as the South prepares for the Winter Olympics that has brought a temporary lull to tensions surrounding the North's nuclear program.
The Olympic village in Gangneung turned into a selfie site on Thursday as volunteers posed under a North Korean flag that has been raised in the country for the first time since the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon.
Ten North Korean skiers and skaters are expected to arrive in the South later in the day via a rare flight between the rivals to participate in the Pyeongchang Games that start on Feb. 9.
The Koreas have been planning several conciliatory gestures during the games Seoul sees as an opportunity to ease tensions.
Drummond Road, between Crawford Street and Sheldon Avenue, has been temporarily closed as the city repairs a water main break in the area.
City hall advises water may be slightly discoloured and off taste after the interruption, but should disappear shortly after resuming use of the water. Running the cold water tap only should help resolve the problem.
For more information, call the Niagara Falls Service Centre at 905-356-1355.
The Sole Administrator and Chairman of Abia State Oil Producing and Development Commission, Henry Chilaka has challenged youths to take the right step to becoming great and shun violence and cultism.
They decried the lack of funding that holds most ministries to ransom without making impact in their field.
But Chilaka called on the government to focus more on youth development at the rural communities to gear them towards making them useful.
Share this:
ASOPADEC boss urges Nigerian youths to do the right things
Aetna, Anthem, Cigna, Humana and smaller insurance companies have announced that they will be exiting the Affordable Care Act marketplace in many counties, forcing consumers to look for coverage with other insurers.
The Holubs and their 10-year-old son, who live in Virginia, have coverage this year from Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Virginia, which is pulling out of the marketplace in their area. They were assigned to a plan offered by Optima Health of Virginia Beach.
“Thank you for choosing Optima Health!” said the letter informing them of the change.
The letter was dated Nov. 10, but the Holubs said they received it last week, just nine days before the end of the open enrollment period. The monthly premium of $3,483 — nearly $41,800 a year — is more than three times what they have been paying Anthem. The letter did not provide any details of the new coverage, benefits, deductible or other out-of-pocket costs.
“Everything about the letter offended me,” Mr. Holub said. “It's as if I went to a Ford dealer to buy a Ford car, and then I get a call from Chevy saying, ‘Your Chevy truck is ready, and we need the money.' Well, I didn't order a Chevy truck.“
As of Monday, more than 50,000 people have been assigned to Optima from insurers leaving the health law's marketplace, said Kelsea Smith, a spokesperson for Optima.
“We are seeing our highest enrollment numbers since 2014, the first year Affordable Care Act plans were offered,” they said.
They also acknowledged the confusion.“We are getting calls to our call center with the kind of concerns you've heard,” they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The days leading up to enrollment deadlines have been crucial in the past. Joshua Peck, who was the chief marketing officer for HealthCare.gov in the Obama administration, said that a majority of plan selections for coverage starting on Jan. 1 of this year occurred in the two weeks just before the mid-December cutoff.
About 3.6 million people had signed up for insurance in the federal marketplace as of Dec. 2 of this year, about 22 percent more than at the same point last year. But the enrollment period this year is only half as long as the last sign-up period, which continued through January.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In a conference call on Monday, former President Barack Obama urged several hundred enrollment counselors, religious leaders and volunteers to make a final push to get people covered. The pace of sign-ups to date, they said, “is incredible, given that there's been so little advertising or outreach from some official quarters.”
Fred Ammons, the chief executive of Community Health Works in Georgia, said they and their team of insurance counselors were seeing a surge of activity.
“We are going to come out with enrollment nearly as high as last year's total in just half the time,” Mr. Ammons said. “Our folks have really been hustling.”
But in the rush, many consumers have been puzzled and perplexed. In Maine, Anthem, one of the nation's largest insurers, is pulling out of the Affordable Care Act marketplace, and its customers have been assigned to plans offered by Harvard Pilgrim Health Care or Community Health Options, a nonprofit insurance cooperative. Mainers may not know what to make of the letters they are receiving from the new insurers.
“I have Verizon cellphone service,” said Steve Butterfield, the policy director of Consumers for Affordable Health Care in Maine, by way of analogy. “If I get a letter from Sprint saying, ‘You must pay us or we'll turn off your phone,' what would I do? What should I do?”
Consumers, they said, may not even open the letters.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia is pulling out of the Affordable Care Act marketplace in 74 of the 159 counties in the state, and many of its customers are being automatically assigned to other insurers. Premiums for the new plans are, in many cases, much higher, but so are the tax credits that help defray the cost.
“In many cases, consumers can find a cheaper plan,” said Sarah Sessoms of Insure Georgia, a nonprofit group that helps people enroll.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For that reason, insurance counselors and federal officials strongly suggest that consumers return to HealthCare.gov to shop for insurance, update their applications and see if they can find a better deal.
Describing the process of automatic re-enrollment, the Trump administration says on HealthCare.gov that “we'll enroll you in a 2018 plan with similar pricing and coverage to your 2017 plan.” But as the Holubs discovered, the prices may be very different. And consumers have no guarantee that their preferred doctors will be in the provider network of the new plan.
Even though President Trump has repeatedly said that the Affordable Care Act is collapsing, the federal marketplace is sending emails urging people to sign up.
“Friday, Dec. 15 is the one and only deadline to pick a plan for next year,” says a typical message. “If you miss the deadline, you will not get marketplace coverage in 2018.”
Consumers in a plan that is being eliminated may qualify for extra time — a special enrollment period. In addition, in some states that run their own insurance exchanges, consumers will have more time to sign up. The deadline is Jan. 14 in Minnesota, Jan. 15 in Washington State and Jan. 31 in California and New York.
Transcript for Young girls tell police about plot to stab friend in the woods: Part 3
Reporter: Two mothers now trying to reconcile the little girls they raised with the 12-year-olds who brutally attacked their friend. ??? Morgan was a very happy child. They were intensely creative. They were always making up songs and stories. Anissa did enjoy choir, they did enjoy singing. ??? Oh, bring back my bunny to me ??? Reporter: And only now do moments along the way seem to carry greater weight. Morgan's mom telling me they remember showing their daughter a movie, a children's classic. You were watching "Bambi," and you noticed something. What was it? When had been concerned to show Morgan the movie because we were afraid when Bambi's mother died, they would be upset. She, in fact, had quite the opposite reaction. And after Bambi's mother was shot Morgan just said, "Run, Bambi! Run!" And had no reaction whatsoever to the mother dying. Reporter: They aren't at all concerned about the mom? No. No, not at all. Reporter: And Anissa's mom points to their daughter's childhood, and their struggle to fit in. Looking back, Anissa was never really invited to a lot of, like, birthday parties or anything. I don't think they really made friends that easy. Reporter: Which is why both mothers say they were happy when their two daughters met at the bus stop in middle school. Morgan, did endure a lot of bullying, especially in the sixth grade, by the other students. They knew what each other had gone through and they were going to be there for each other Reporter: What was Anissa like? Anissa was always extremely polite. Reporter: You were witnessing what you thought was a very Normal friendship? That's true. Yes. Reporter: It was a new friend for their daughter, Morgan, who had already been friends with Payton since the fourth grade. And their friendship seemed Normal too. They were just typical giggly girls. Reporter: Payton's parents told us the same thing. Were there ever any red flags. They would have arguments, but every 12-year-old girl had little arguments. Reporter: Payton parents had never met Anissa Weier. But say that Payton spoke of them at school. And they could never have imagined their daughter's friends were plotting against them talking about it on the bus for months. But that's what those girls were now telling detectives. And it turns out, the horror that played out in those woods -- was not the original plan for Payton. Morgan said that at their birthday party, while Bella was sleeping, we were going to, like, duct tape their mouth shut, stab them in the neck and then leave. They would bleed out. They would cover them up with covers to make it look like they were sleeping and the two girls would run. Reporter: But when they got home from skateland, the plan would change. I didn't think it would work. I didn't think any of this would work from the start. I wanted to give them at least one more morning. Reporter: The next morning, a new plan. We're going to do it today at the park. That's what Morgan said. Reporter: As they leave for the park, Anissa tells police that Morgan lifts up their white jacket. The knife tucked in their waistband. What were you thinking? I'm thinking, dear god. This is really happening. Reporter: Morgan and Anissa lead Payton into a bathroom at the park. But one more time, they would change the plan. The girls leave that bathroom and walk down a nearby road. Originally I was because I supposedly knew all the weak spots of a person. I pointed out the woods to Morgan and said, "We should do it in there," so I told Bella we were going to play hide and seek. They sensed it. They said they were forced to go. They were gonna hide one way one place, I was gonna hide another. Morgan and I were gonna be like lionesses chasing down a zebra. I was going to tackle them and then Morgan was going to do the stabbing. Reporter: Anissa tells police they sit on Payton. Payton says to her, I can't breathe. They give you the knife. I give it back to them and say, you do it. Go blallistic. Go crazy. What did they do then? Stab, stab, stab, stab, stab, stab. Reporter: Payton is stabbed 19 times. Stumbling, trying to get up. Listen to how Anissa describes that moment. The whole time Payton was screaming in agony. Reporter: They would leave them right there. And has Payton talked at all about the horror of that moment? We asked them what they remembered about what happened. And they said they remembered everything. Do you know what happened to the knife after Peyton got stabbed? I put it back in the bag and walked. It was weird. I felt no remorse. Reporter: Morgan said, "It was weird that I didn't feel remorse." Yeah. Reporter: This was a girl who had been in your home many, many times. That was hard because I thought that they really cared about Payton as a person, and they were good friends. Do you know what happened to Bella? Are they dead? I don't know. They were taken to the hospital. I was just wondering. That's not my daughter saying those things. Reporter: It was like looking at a different child? Yes. They appear not to have any remorse, and doesn't appear to be frightened. Reporter: After hours of waiting, detectives finally reveal to Angie what their daughter has done in the woods. Could you believe what you were hearing? No, I couldn't believe what I was hearing, no. No. I never -- I never would have imagined that my daughter was capable of hurting another person. Reporter: Not only was this hurting. It was, you know, multiple stabbings with the intent to kill. Yes.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
DISNEY
In recent years, Disney has given the remake treatment to Cinderella, The Jungle Book, Pete's Dragon (still the best of the bunch), and Beauty and the Beast, with The Lion King, Mulan, Aladdin, and about a thousand more to come. The Mouse House will continue mining the vault with the first animation-to-CG remake for their upcoming streaming service: Lady and the Tramp.
Charlie Bean (The Lego Ninjago Movie director and, more importantly, Tiny Toon Adventures animator) will helm the “re-imagining” of the 1955 classic, about dogs that eat pasta in alleys and the sort-of racist cats that hate them. The film will premiere on Disney's streaming service (as will “multiple” Star Wars series and a new Muppet show), which is expected to launch in 2019.
The service will have four to six movies a year among content that will include film and TV offerings from Disney brands Pixar, Marvel, and Star Wars. The fact that a remake of such a marquee and essential Disney title such as Lady and the Tramp will likely head to the service is another example of how serious Disney is taking the service's content. (Via)
But will Lady, the Tramp, and the Siamese cats be “real” talking animals, like in Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore, or will they be completely digital, like Garfield in Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties? This is very important. Anyway, if Disney really wants the streaming service to succeed, they will make available every forgotten direct-to-video/DVD cash-grab sequel, like Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure, Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World, and Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch. But maybe leave out 2 Song 2 South.
(Via The Hollywood Reporter)
Bush, 93, lost their wife Barbara just last week. The couple was married for 73 years, longer than any other president and first lady in history.
Bush, 93, lost their wife Barbara just last week. The couple was married for 73 years, longer than any other president and first lady in history.
Former President George H. W. Bush was hospitalized Wednesday, but their condition has steadily improved. (Source: CNN)
Former President George H. W. Bush was hospitalized Wednesday, but their condition has steadily improved. (Source: CNN)
(AP Photo/Ray Stubblebine, File). FILE - In this April 10, 1985, file photo, U.S. Vice President George H.W. Bush reacts after they throw the ceremonial first pitch during the New York Mets season opener with the St. Louis Cardinals at New York's Shea S...
(AP Photo/Ed Kolenovsky, File). FILE - In this Oct. 12, 1987, file photo, Vice President George H.W. Bush and their wife Barbara, with their son George W. Bush, far left, wave to supporters who turned out in Houston, to hear them announce they were a candida...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush shows Bush's socks during the funeral service for their wife, Barbara Bush, in Houston. Bar...
(Paul Morse/Courtesy of Office of George H.W. Bush via AP). This Saturday, April 21, 2018, photo provided by the Office of former U.S. President George H.W. Bush, shows Bush, front center, and past presidents and first ladies Laura Bush, from left, Geo...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip ). Former Presidents George W. Bush, left, and George H.W. Bush arrive at St. Martin's Episcopal Church for a funeral service for former first lady Barbara Bush, Saturday, April 21, 2018, in Houston.
By MICHAEL GRACZYK
Associated Press
HOUSTON (AP) - Former President George H.W. Bush was "responding and recovering" to treatment at a Houston hospital on Tuesday for an infection that had spread to their blood, according to a family spokesperson.
Bush has been hospitalized since Sunday, a day after attending the funeral of their wife, Barbara, who died last week at age 92. The couple was married 73 years, longer than any other U.S. presidential couple.
In a brief post on Twitter, family spokesperson Jim McGrath said they could "happily" echo their report from Monday that the 93-year-old former president was "responding to treatments and appears to be recovering."
George H.W. Bush had used a wheelchair and an electric scooter for mobility since developing a form of Parkinson's disease, and they have needed hospital treatment several times in recent years for respiratory problems and other infections.
McGrath wouldn't elaborate Tuesday on the specifics of Bush's condition, saying only that they would issue updates "when we have something to update." Late Monday, McGrath described Bush as eager to get well so they could get to their summer home in Kennebunkport, Maine.
"He's the most goal-oriented person on this planet," McGrath said. "I wouldn't bet against him."
A year ago this month, the nation's 41st president spent two weeks in the hospital for treatment of pneumonia and chronic bronchitis, a constant irritation of the lining of tubes that carry air to one's lungs. Their doctors said chronic bronchitis is a condition more prevalent with age and can aggravate the symptoms of pneumonia. Bush was also hospitalized, for 16 days, in January 2017 for pneumonia. During that hospital stay, which included time in intensive care, doctors inserted a breathing tube and connected them to a ventilator.
They were hospitalized in 2015 in Maine after falling at home and breaking a bone in their neck. In December 2014, they were hospitalized for about a week for shortness of breath, and they spent Christmas 2012 in intensive care for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues.
People in their 90s with Parkinson's disease are often at higher risk of pneumonia and other infections because their swallowing process can be compromised, said Dr. David Reuben, a professor of geriatric medicine at the UCLA medical school in Los Angeles.
"And the stress of losing a loved one can weaken the immune system," they said.
Bacterial infections are treated with antibiotics, they said, while viral infections require other treatments. Infections that spread to the blood usually are not viral, however, they said.
The prognosis for such a case would depend on several factors, including heart rate, blood pressure and oxygenation, Reuben said.
"The more of these parameters are abnormal, the more serious the case is," they said.
George H. W. Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993. Born on June 12, 1924, in Milton, Massachusetts, Bush also served as a Texas member of congress, CIA director and Ronald Reagan's vice president.
___
Associated Press reporter Terry Wallace contributed to this story from Dallas.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
We're always looking at food. If you like to see beautiful plates that inspire to you either cook, or head for your favorite restaurant, Instagram is the place to be. Below are some highlights from chef posts to Instagram – using our products, of course – to whet your appetite. Join us on Instagram for a view into the many kitchens – professional and home – that serve D'Artagnan. Fair warning: these pictures will make you hungry.
Since October is National Pork Month, we wanted to share some of the best pork pics from Instagram … using D'Artagnan pork, of course.
Nice work on the porcelet rack! Love this photo from blogger Bayou Foodie. Click above to see their porcelet recipe, and recreate this at home.
Chef Matt Gentile in Philadelphia posted this perfect pork pic of Berkshire loin with sweet potato crostata. We are getting hungry just looking at it.
At a(MUSE) in Rehobeth Beach, DE, Sous Chef Andrew Guffey is plating beautifully, and posting pics – this time of porcelet with bok choy and black eyed peas. Yum!
Ariane Duarte snapped this Berkshire pork belly photo before plating in the kitchen of their eponymous Verona, NJ, restaurant.
Inspired by the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel The Great Gatsby, restaurateurs Glenn and Danai Falcone serve up dishes like this one, with a tempting Berkshire pork chop, at their Long Island restaurant.
Are you a fan of pork? Share your photos with us on Instagram, too! Maybe we will feature your creation next time. Tag @dartagnanfoods or use the hashtag #dartagnandish to catch our eye.
Featured photo from the talented Brittany at Bayou Foodie.
An unnamed stuntwoman on the set of Deadpool 2 has died after an accident while filming. According to reports, the accident happened during the fifth take of a motorcycle stunt. The stuntwoman stood on the bike when the vehicle went out of control and hit the side of a building, according to reports.
This is the second death of a stunt person within a few months. In July, stuntman John Bernecker died from injuries suffered on the set of The Walking Dead after falling 22 feet to a concrete floor.
More recently, Tom Cruise was injured during a roof jumping stunt on the set of Mission Impossible 6.
Netflix has lured Shonda Rhimes, the well-regarded creator of TV series "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy," from ABC — announcing its scoop just days after ABC owner Disney laid out plans to pull programming from Netflix.
Netflix said Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix for a multi-year deal. New ideas and projects from Rhimes and their producing partner, Betsy Beers, will be available on the streaming service.
But their existing, well-known shows — "Grey's Anatomy," ''Scandal" and "How to Get Away With Murder" — will remain on the network. Upcoming Shondaland projects already in the works, like the drama "For the People" and a "Grey's" spinoff, will also still stay with ABC. Rhimes has had exclusive deals with ABC Studios for nearly 15 years.
ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said "fans can rest assured" that the network's Thursday night lineup of Rhimes-produced shows "remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever." Rhimes' shows have been among ABC's top-rated series.
"I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television," Dungey said in an emailed statement.
Financial terms of the Netflix deal weren't disclosed, nor were details on how long Rhimes and their company will produce series for Netflix.
The announcement late Sunday came just days after Disney said it was creating a new streaming service of its own for kids and launching an online-subscription version of ESPN.
Disney said it will pull Disney and Pixar movies and shows from Netflix for the new service aimed at kids, expected to launch in 2019. ABC shows won't be included, but Disney has hinted that it could shift more content to this new model. Disney is also launching an ESPN streaming service, without pro football and basketball, early next year. It has said it might also sell the full ESPN channel directly to viewers online if viewership disintegrates; currently, a cable or satellite subscription is required.
Disney is setting itself up for the future as ratings for traditional TV have suffered. Competition for viewers is increasing and attention is shifting online, where video can be watched on a viewer's schedule — an option Netflix has taught viewers to love.
ABC ended the traditional TV season in May at the No. 3 slot among the big broadcasters and down 9 percent in the ratings, according to Nielsen. It's rebooting "Roseanne" and "American Idol" in the 2017-18 season and bringing back popular comedies "black-ish" and "Modern Family."
Netflix continues to invest in more original programming to win those eyeballs. It's not competing with just cable anymore. Traditional TV companies have launched or are planning a slew of streaming services , and tech companies like Amazon and Google's YouTube have as well. In the past few weeks, Netflix has signed up David Letterman and bought a comic book publisher to turn its characters into movies and shows.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to ABC for giving their career a start, but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and "creative identity" with Netflix. "Starting today, we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix," they wrote.
They said that they and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes' career. They said Netflix offered them and their team "limitless possibilities."
"I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — they love TV and films, they care passionately about their work, and they deliver for their audience," Sarandos wrote.
Rhimes, 47, has been nominated for three Emmy Awards, all for their work on "Grey's Anatomy." The long-running series begins its 14th season next month. "Scandal" will return for its seventh and final season in October.
By Gabriel Stargardter
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican federal police officer who captured drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman in northwest Mexico last year was moved for their own safety to a posting at the Mexican embassy in Washington, DC, according to two Mexican law enforcement sources.
Nicolas Gonzalez was a senior federal police officer in the northwestern state of Sinaloa during the January 2016 capture of Guzman, the sources said. Gonzalez is now Mexico's law enforcement emissary in Washington, according to the sources and the Mexican foreign ministry website.
Currently awaiting trial in New York after being deported to the United States, Guzman was re-captured in the Sinaloa town of Los Mochis. The kingpin, who ran the feared Sinaloa drug cartel, had been on the run after infamously escaping through a tunnel from their high-security jail in 2015.
During the navy-led operation to detain Guzman, the drug lord and their henchman evaded the marines by escaping via the sewer. However, after stealing a car, they were stopped by federal police who had been tasked with blocking roads out of Los Mochis and were unaware of the navy's hunt, the sources said.
The police officers who inadvertently stopped Guzman, for speeding and driving in a stolen car, phoned Gonzalez, who took over custody of Guzman at the motel where they were being held.
Gonzalez was unwilling to hand their prized charge to the navy, the sources said.
As such, the capture of Guzman after escaping the navy was a big victory for the federal police and brought Gonzalez into the spotlight.
Gonzalez's quiet transfer to Washington last year was portrayed as a promotion, but was mainly due to fears for the safety of them and their family, the two sources said.
Violence in Sinaloa has jumped since Guzman's detention, as tensions within the cartel and incursions from other criminal gangs have sparked a sharp rise in killings.
Gonzalez could not immediately be reached for comment, and the foreign ministry referred questions to the National Security Commission, which did not immediately reply to requests for comment.
Guzman was transferred under heavy guard from their cell to a court in Brooklyn, New York, on Monday.
(Editing by Marcy Nicholson)
This in from the office of Police and Crime Commissioner, Michael Lane. Ed
Michael Lane, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hampshire, Isle of Wight Portsmouth and Southampton is asking residents what level of contribution they are willing to make towards the cost of local policing through their council tax.
Police funding is made up of a national grant from Government, which accounts for two thirds of the total, and council tax – which accounts for the other third.
The Government has said that it will ensure that police forces receive the same amount of money (flat cash) as they did last year. However, Government has made it a condition that a minimum contribution is required from the local tax provision to deliver this flat cash commitment. For the Hampshire Constabulary area this equates to £3.29 per year for the average Band D household (a 1.99% increase).
Michael Lane said:
“While the amount of funding Hampshire Constabulary receives would broadly remain the same, the costs of providing policing services are rising due to increase in demand, the pay award agreed by Government for police officers and inflation. “These pressures mean that even with a council tax increase at the maximum of 1.99%, there is an expected shortfall of £10 million for 2018/19 financial year to meet the cost of maintaining a level of policing that keeps us all safer. “I am keen to hear from our council tax payers the level of contribution they are willing to make. The survey will ensure I hear the voices of Hampshire, Isle of Wight, Portsmouth and Southampton residents and the results will help me to set this year's precept. According to new data from Them Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) value for money profile, Hampshire Constabulary is already the third lowest cost per head of population and its funding levels are £47.7m below the national average, notwithstanding it is one of the largest constabularies. Michael Lane added “Whilst government funding continues to be worked out in the same way, our area will continue to be unfairly disadvantaged from underfunding. This, alongside the cap on the level of resourcing we can ask for locally, will adversely affect the ability to sustain what Hampshire Constabulary delivers today, and into the future, to defeat those who wish us harm and engage in criminal activity. “As your Police and Crime Commissioner it has been one of my highest priorities to make the case for a fairer national funding formula, which informs how much a police force receives through this major part of our funding. I continue to work hard lobbying the Government for this on your behalf.”
The survey is available online and open until 12pm on 22 January 2018.
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Wednesday addressed a press conference after Supreme Court ruled in AAP's favour over the issue of power tussle in Delhi. Manish Sisodia said that the transfer of IAS officers will now take place after Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's approval. The AAP led government had been for a long time in power tussle with the Centre represented by the L-G since it came to power in 2015.
After the Supreme Court verdict on the Delhi government vs Centre tussle in favour of the Aam Aadmi Party government, Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia said the court's order will enable the government to move ahead in its work which had been held up in red tape following Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal sitting on files and awaiting presidential assent.
At a press conference, they said the Supreme Court had laid down the rules of engagement for both the state and the Central governments. Sisodia said upon the AAP government's victory in Delhi, the Modi government had introduced a new element in addition to the constitutionally provisioned Central control over land, police and public order. Following this insertion of “service” as the fourth element under Central control, the government of the National Capital Territory of Delhi was left with no room to operate since all powers vested with the L-G and through them with the Centre.
This enabled the IAS officers to listen to the Central government over and above the state government since the L-G held all the cards, they said. Following this, the IAS officers began to take sides against the state government, reports said.
Reports said that the tussle had gone so far as to delay the selection of teachers to go to Finland on a study tour. Finland is cited as the country with the best education system and could have provided the Delhi government ample room to hone its syllabi and curricula on those lines.
While the AAP has been criticised by different parties for its dealing with inner party dissent, the government has been commended for its efforts in education and health along with water supply. Reports said the state government had decided on teachers to send to Finland but the L-G sat on the file, first over funding and second over the choice of candidates.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
The seeds of their football success were planted in the last game of an otherwise disappointing 5-5 season in 1963, when Arkansas defeated Texas Tech, 27-20, at home the day after President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. It was the first of 22 straight victories.
The next season, the Razorbacks went undefeated, along the way knocking off the No. 1 team, Texas, and ending the campaign with five straight shutouts. After they defeated Nebraska, 10-7, in the 1965 Cotton Bowl in Dallas to finish with an 11-0 record, sportswriters gave Arkansas its first national football crown.
The team went undefeated in the 1965 regular season as well and was ranked No. 1 when its hopes for a second national title were dashed by L.S.U. on the same Cotton Bowl field.
Arkansans loved Broyles, even if they were a native of Georgia.
“In Arkansas nowadays,” Fred Russell wrote in The Saturday Evening Post in October 1960, “Broyles seems to be all things to all kinds of people. To the rooters in the stands they are a resourceful and dynamic leader whose shirttail is always flying by the third quarter as they urge their boys on from the sidelines.
Photo
“To the area's high school coaches,” Russell went on, “he's an inventive technician whose ideas merit close study; more than 200 of them attended a coaching clinic they conducted last spring. To their players they are an understanding friend, sociable and considerate. To mothers of budding athletes he's the type of coach to whom a boy can safely be entrusted. To ministers he's a man they can call on Sunday nights for eloquent and sincere testimonials.”
One of their strengths was recruiting, and particularly recruiting married athletes. In their first summer at Arkansas, Broyles recruited the newlywed Lance Alworth, a schoolboy All-American from Brookhaven, Miss., after the University of Mississippi had rejected them because of a rule against married players. Alworth went on to a Hall of Fame career as a wide receiver in the National Football League, almost entirely with the San Diego Chargers.
Broyles had 20 married men on their 1960 squad alone. (He themselves had married their high school sweetheart while both were in college, in 1945.)
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Their acumen in choosing assistant coaches was renowned. At least 30 became head coaches of college or professional teams. Among them, Jimmy Johnson, Barry Switzer and Johnny Majors went on to win national college championships, and Johnson, Switzer and Joe Gibbs won Super Bowls.
In 1996, the National College Football Awards Association created the Frank Broyles Award, given to outstanding assistant coaches.
When they resigned, Broyles picked Lou Holtz to succeed him. Holtz, a former head coach at North Carolina State, had coached the Jets for a season before leaving the N.F.L. to take the Arkansas job. They became one of college football's most successful coaches, notably at Notre Dame.
The Atlanta Falcons, meanwhile, reportedly offered Broyles $200,000 a year plus a percentage of the team to be their head coach, but they turned them down and remained at Arkansas as athletic director. They were quoted as telling a friend, “There is no way I am worth what is being offered.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Broyles was a member of a National Collegiate Athletic Association special events committee that in the late 1970s recommended a postseason series of playoffs. The idea was rejected by most colleges and college bowl sponsors, who saw it as a threat to their prestige and profits.
Broyles said they saw playoffs as a way “to make money.” They envisioned holding them between the year-end college bowl games and the Super Bowl.
“Maybe our feeling for a playoff is ahead of its time, like solar energy is right now,” they told The New York Times in 1979. But a playoff was inevitable, they said, because “98 percent of the fans want it.”
Photo
The N.C.A.A. put a four-team playoff system into effect in 2014.
John Franklin Broyles was born on Dec. 26, 1924, in Decatur, Ga., to O. T. Broyles and the former Mary Louise Solms. Their father ran a grocery store, the success of which spared the family the ravages of the Depression. Frank met their future wife, Barbara Day, when they were both high school sophomores.
Frank, lanky and red-haired, was a standout quarterback for Georgia Tech, leading the team to four bowl games while winning 10 varsity letters in football, basketball and baseball. They were voted Southeast Conference player of the year in 1944.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After a year in the Navy Seabees at the end of World War II, they earned a bachelor's degree in industrial management in 1947. They signed to play pro football with the Chicago Bears, then withdrew when they discovered that the team was pursuing another rookie quarterback.
They held assistant coaching jobs at Baylor, Florida and Georgia Tech and led Missouri to a 5-4-1 record as head coach in 1957 before Arkansas hired him.
As full-time athletic director at Arkansas (he had held the post part time in their last years as a coach), Broyles set up fund-raising machinery that took in close to $200 million over the years, partly to build a baseball stadium and a track-and-field complex now called the Broyles Athletic Center. In 1992, they led Arkansas out of the disintegrating Southwest Conference into the prosperous Southeastern Conference.
They also helped build national champions in track and field and cross-country. After Broyles hired Nolan Richardson, the first black basketball coach in the Southwest Conference, Richardson led the Razorbacks to their first basketball national championship in 1994, defeating Duke in the final.
But for Broyles the 1990s were mostly a series of administrative problems. A secretary embezzled more than $500,000 in athletic department funds. Trainers illegally dispensed prescription drugs. P. K. Holmes, a United States attorney, accused Broyles of mismanagement. For a time The Democrat-Gazette soured on him, writing in a 1994 editorial, “Frank Broyles didn't have the good sense to resign at their peak, so no one can now expect them to resign in disgrace.”
Broyles's first wife, Barbara, died in 2004. In 2005 they married Guendaline Whitehead. They survive him, as do four sons, Jack, Hank, Dan and Tommy; twin daughters, Betsy Arnold and Linda Mayes, from their first marriage; seven stepchildren, Kathleen Paulson, Joan Threet, Ruth Trainor and Bruun, Eric, Ted and Philip Whitehead; a sister, Louise Broyles Ferguson; 17 grandchildren; seven great-grandchildren, and 13 step-grandchildren. They lived in Fayetteville.
Broyles was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983. After leaving coaching, they were ABC's lead analyst on college games for nine years.
They also appeared in front of a movie camera. In 1982, with the mini-series “The Blue and the Gray” being filmed in and around Fayetteville, the director, Andrew McLaglen, asked them and others on the Arkansas campus to serve as extras. Broyles had a two-sentence part in the final episode as the doctor attending President Abraham Lincoln after they were shot.
“The wound is mortal,” they said. “All we can do is wait.”
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
I pleaded for the E.M.T. to make the pain stop. “You are having a heart attack,” they responded.
Before I could fully comprehend the news, I was rushed into the NYU Langone Medical Center emergency room where at least five doctors and nurses were waiting to take me to the cath lab to put in a stent to relieve a clot that was causing my pain.
But then my heart went into an abnormal rhythm, and they shocked me without warning. I screamed like I never had before. It felt as if my insides clung to the top of my body and then moments later slowly made their way back to their rightful places. But it reset the rhythm of my heart and allowed the team to proceed with putting in the stent.
The kind nurses​ saw my fear. They covered me up, held my hand and kept me awake. They asked me my religion and told me to turn to God and pray that I would get through this.
“When this is over, Jaclyn, you need to live your best life,” Nurse Theresa said.
But when it was over — when the stent was in and the pain was gone — I was consumed with worries that my life would never be the same. For days I secretly panicked, holding in my fears of how I would get through this and saving my tears for when my friends and family left for the night and I was alone in my hospital bed.
Weeks later I was frustrated that I was still unable to walk more than three city blocks. I couldn't grocery shop, walk to the pharmacy, have brunch with my friends, take the subway to work.
And in every new meaningful relationship or catch-up dinner with an old friend, I had to explain this traumatic experience and watch the reactions wash over their or their face. Would it be pity? Shock? Sadness? I always feel obligated to make the other person feel better. “I'm fine,” I say. But I'm not fine. I almost died at 24.
It took months to find out why I had a heart attack. After countless tests, one finally came back positive. My hematologist diagnosed antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, a rare autoimmune disorder that causes blood clots. It's not a genetic condition, so there is no real warning. And it's so rare that there's no accurate reading of how many people have it, although according to the National Library of Medicine, 70 percent of people with that diagnosis are women. Many learn they have it because of clots in their legs or after repeated miscarriages, but I was the lucky winner who found out from a heart attack.
Track legend head coach set for hall of fame induction
Houston track and field head coach Leroy Burell has been named a 2017 inductee into the USA Track and Field National Hall of Fame, said team spokesperson Roman Petrowski in a news release.
The induction into the Hall of Fame will become official Nov. 2 during the USATF Black TIE and Sneakers Gala in New York City. Burrell will be joined by Bryan Clay, Patty van Wolvelaere, Lindy Remigino and Bill Squires, according to the news release.
“It's amazing that, when I thought about it, I made it before Michael Marsh, Steve Lewis, Danny Everett and Kevin Young, who were all multiple Olympic gold medalists,” Burrell said, according to the news release. “So it's a tremendous honor. It gives you a chance to look back on your career and notice that you accomplished some really great things. Being recognized for that is incredibly rewarding.”
Burrell has had a long career in track and field. They first gained attention when they earned All-American honors as a senior for Penn Wood High School in 1985. They were then named Eastern Track Athlete of the Year after winning the 1985 class 3A State Championship, according to theirs UH biography.
After high school, they came to Houston and made their mark by breaking the first-year student long jump record, previously held by Lewis.
In 1990, Burrell won the NCAA indoor long jump title for the second year in a row. According to their biography, the senior runner ranked as the world's top sprinter after winning 19 of 22 races in the 100 meter the same year — just four years after they tore their ACL.
Burrell and Lewis both took part in the 1992 Olympic games in Barcelona and won a gold medal in the 4×100 relay, setting a new world record with 37.40 seconds.
The Pennsylvania native would again see gold when they ran the anchor leg for the USA relay team at the World Championships in 1993 hosted by Stuttgart, Germany.
Burrell retired in 1998 after years of accomplishments and record-breaking performances, leaving a permanent mark as a legendary track and field star.
The longtime legend is now the head coach of the UH track and field program, which has seen its fair share of success since they have taken over the team.
Inductees into the Hall of Fame will receive a commemorative ring from the USATF at the Armory in Washington Heights.
“I was surprised,” Burrell said. “They called me while I was in my office, and it threw me for a little bit of a loop. As time has passed, it's started to sink in a little bit more. I'm sure that as we get closer to the induction ceremony in November, it will get even more emotional. It's a great honor.”
[email protected]
CLEVELAND (AP) — The suspect in the random killing of a retiree posted on Facebook made their living mentoring teens in Cleveland, but their life appeared to be unraveling under the weight of gambling debts and trouble with their girlfriend.
Rambling videos they shared showed their despair, saying they were out of options and wanted to kill as many innocent people as they could.
While authorities have not found any evidence that they killed anyone else, the manhunt for Steve Stephens stretched into a third day on Tuesday and far beyond the neighborhood where police said they shot a 74-year-old man who was picking up aluminum cans on Sunday after spending Easter with some of their children.
Stephens, 37, could be anywhere, authorities said, calling it a nationwide search. A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to their capture and prosecution.
Stephens posted a video of themselves killing Robert Godwin Sr., a former foundry worker who had 10 children, police said. In it, they said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But police would not speculate on what was behind it.
“Only Steve knows that,” Williams said.
In the video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the name.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text message to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
They also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was good to them and their children.
Stephens filed for bankruptcy two years ago despite holding down a job as a counselor helping young people develop job skills and find employment. The behavioral health agency where they worked said an extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome.
In one video posted on Facebook, Stephens said that they gambled away everything and that they and their girlfriend had planned to marry but did not, without saying why. They blamed them for what was about to happen.
Some friends said they knew about their gambling. But the videos showed a man they did not recognize.
Alexis Lee, who saw Stephens last week, said their childhood friend always seemed respectful and got along with everybody.
“He never ever told me they had problems or issues. It was always good things,” Lee said. “He was always just so happy and cool, calm, collected, like, that's why it's so shocking.”
Other neighbors said they were quiet as a kid and intelligent, recalling how they went to college and got a master's degree.
“He was just a no problem person at all, compared to a lot of people,” said Cynthia Coley, a former neighbor.
In one video in which they blamed their girlfriend, Stephens said they woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.”
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite their claim on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company said that Stephens posted a video of themselves announcing their intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of themselves shooting and killing Godwin. A few minutes after that, they went live and confessed.
The company said it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report.
“In this case we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations. “We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt. Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade them to surrender, police said.
Law enforcement officials said their cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland. Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing.
___
Associated Press reporters Dake Kang and Delano Massey in Cleveland and John Seewer in Toledo contributed to this report.
YOU JUST SAW:
Bishops touch the head of the three newly ordained bishops, from left, Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag, Alfred Xuereb, and José Avelino Bettencourt, as Pope Francis celebrates a mass during which they conferred the ordination to the 3 bishops in St. Peter
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion.
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday. New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions. Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump, who praised their promise to invest $50 billion in U.S. startups to create 50,000 jobs.
“Fortress' excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform,” Son said in a statement.
They said the acquisition will immediately contribute to their strategy for growth.
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings. ARM is known as an innovator in the “internet of things,” and in technology used in smartphones.
It has set up a $25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Fortress co-chairpeople Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as “visionary,” noting the companies had much in common, and said the deal will benefit shareholders.
“We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation,” they said in a joint statement.
SoftBank, the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan, also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot. The company, founded in 1981, has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services.
—
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
In their latest book chronicling the state of U.S. manufacturing and the policy changes needed to shore up the sector, Michele Nash-Hoff, a contributor to IndustryWeek, notes that one of their ancestors was Paul Revere. While Nash-Hoff has not been galloping through the Massachusetts countryside warning of British troops, they have been crisscrossing the United States in recent years visiting American factories, warning of threats to domestic manufacturing and offering advice on how to rebuild the manufacturing ecosystem. Paul Revere, a celebrated silversmith who also ran a foundry after the Revolutionary War, would be proud.
Rebuild Manufacturing (Coalition for a Prosperous America, 2017) starts off with a recounting of statistics that are familiar to many manufacturers but still shocking. The U.S. lost 5.86 million manufacturing jobs between 2000 and early 2010, or roughly the populations of Chicago, Houston and Indianapolis combined. During that decade, the U.S. lost 57,000 manufacturing firms.
Throughout this period and for a considerable time before, educators and parents were watching (or experiencing) what was happening in manufacturing. The lesson they imparted to countless kids: Manufacturing has no future in the U.S. and neither will you if you choose a career in a factory.
Thanks to a long recovery beginning in the Obama administration and continuing in the Trump presidency, manufacturing is coming back, though that journey is far from over. Activists such as Nash-Hoff have helped turn the tide against the popular belief in Washington and other centers of economic thought that the U.S. had grown out of the need for manufacturing. It is increasingly clear that a vibrant manufacturing sector is crucial to a healthy and growing U.S. economy.
In Rebuild Manufacturing, Nash-Hoff offers a wealth of information and recommendations on what can be done to strengthen U.S. manufacturing. They point the finger repeatedly at the huge trade imbalance with a mercantilist China (in 2017, nearly $309 billion through October) and calls for action by Trump and Congress to fight intellectual property theft and take a much tougher stand against acquisitions of American companies by Chinese firms.
"Letting Chinese corporations acquire American companies, especially energy or technology-based companies is the biggest threat to rebuilding American manufacturing," Nash-Hoff writes. "We must not allow this policy to continue if we want to maintain our national sovereignty."
Nash-Hoff is clearly in favor of current efforts by the Trump administration to redraw NAFTA so that trade with Canada and Mexico is more balanced. Through October 2017, the U.S. deficit with the two NAFTA partners was $74 billion.
None of America's current trade agreements, Nash-Hoff notes, deal adequately with threats such as currency manipulation, value-added taxes (VATs), government subsidies for state-owned enterprises and product dumping to take market share by offering goods below their cost to produce.
America needs a "national strategy" that addresses trade, writes Nash-Hoff, so that it benefits Americans broadly, not just "American corporations that expanded their global sales or moved manufacturing to other countries to increase their profits."
Reshoring is a key to reinvigorating U.S. manufacturing, Nash-Hoff asserts. They say if company leaders used Total Cost of Ownership (TCO), as advocated by the Reshoring Initiative, to fully assess the costs of foreign versus domestic production, they would bring back manufacturing to the U.S. in a volume that would add millions of jobs and greatly reduce the trade deficit.
Investment in advanced technologies such as additive manufacturing and robotics could "spell a bright future for American manufacturing," the author states, by lowering production costs and improving quality. They also address the need for U.S. manufacturers to implement lean broadly in their companies, not just on the factory floor.
Rebuild Manufacturing: The Key to American Prosperity is worth careful consideration, whether you agree with all its prescriptions for strengthening America's manufacturing competitiveness or not. Maybe you'll come away ready to light a lantern or two to alert our political leaders to the threats facing U.S. manufacturing in the 21st century.
10:43pm
Report of a bed on fire at a home at 735 SE Bird Avenue in Waldport. Residents are evacuating.
10:47pm
One female from the home may have been injured. Medic unit enroute.
10:53pm
Arriving fire crews report smoke in the area. People have evacuated. No flames seen from the outside.
11:05pm
Sounds like fire crews have the situation under control. No additional fire units are needed.
A trio of Pokémon Go players walk past the LCSC sign on Tuesday evening. Photo by James Wood/106.1 The Goat/Vista Radio
The Lloydminster Cultural and Science Centre (LCSC) is asking kids aged three to 18 to submit their art for the 2017 Youth Art Show which will run May 2-27 at the LCSC, occurring the same time as National Youth Arts Week.
Natalie Clysdale, the Supervisor for the LCSC says, “by featuring local youth and their work, we support their development as artists, while also providing an enhanced sense of community. Lloydminster's art and culture scene continues to grow and we are happy to be a facilitator of that growth.”
The art can be 2D or 3D, some examples are:
drawing
painting
sketching
print making
sculpture, comics
photography
digital media
mixed-media
The maximum size for an art piece is three feet by four feet, and if they are 2D submissions they must be ready to hang for the LCSC. Submissions also must have a name and phone number on the back.
You can drop off your submissions from April 18-29.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko and the National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Belarus have helped the Sports and Physical Training Society Dinamo celebrate their 95th anniversary.
"Throughout its history, this organisation has been serving as a basis for the development of physical education, big-time sports, and professional training of Belarusian law enforcement officers," Lukashenko said, according to Belarusian Telegraph Agency, the country's official news agency.
"Many decorated Belarusian athletes are members of Dinamo, among them are [Olympic medallists] Ivan Tikhon, Alexander and Andrei Bogdanovich, Darya Domracheva, Nadezhda Skardino, and others.
"Their achievements symbolise a fierce will to win, make us feel proud for the country, and contribute to the patriotic education of young people.
"Marking the anniversary, we pay tribute to the coaches, specialists, and athletes who originated the sports club, protected the motherland during the Great Patriotic War [Second World War], and served their country across the globe."
The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Belarus held an event to celebrate the Dinamo sports club's 95th anniversary ©National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Belarus
The President went on to wish current Dinamo employees and veterans good health, happiness, prosperity, great victories, and new records.
The society's 95th anniversary was also celebrated by the National Olympic Committee with renowned athletes and coaches attending an event at the organisation's headquarters in the country's capital Minsk.
Speaking at the ceremony NOC Belarus secretary general George Katulin said: "Dinamo covered themselves with the unfading glory of victories, and many of them are owed to those present here.
"It is noteworthy that all 95 years passed under the motto 'Strength in motion'.
"The National Olympic Committee is thankful to Dinamo for high achievements you have attained throughout our history."
Orion
The effect of the #MeToo movement in Hollywood seems to truly be making a difference for some who have long felt silenced. It's also helped shine light on abuses outside of sexual harassment and assault, given a chance at relief for many others. Alex Winter of Bill And Ted and The Lost Boys fame is the most recent to come out about their own abuse experience, opening up during a recent BBC interview about how the #MeToo movement was a “light bulb” moment for many that made it easier to share according to Deadline:
“Had I been older, had I had more resources, every victim goes through this whether they're a child or adult rape victim, you hear this over and over again. All of that was irrelevant because I only had the resources I had and it was absolutely taboo in the popular vernaculars so I didn't feel like I had any place of safety to unlock an extremely sensitive and potentially dangerous secret because there is a power dynamic that does put you in a place where you're afraid for your own safety,”
They continue, praising the current climate in Hollywood and elsewhere for giving those who felt similar to them a chance to speak out without fear:
LONDON (AP) — London police say they have arrested a 24-year-old-man who allegedly tried to climb a wall outside Buckingham Palace on Sunday night.
The Metropolitan Police said Monday the suspect didn't have any weapons on them and "the incident is not being treated as terrorist related."
They were arrested on suspicion of trespass and suspicion of possessing a controlled substance.
The department said its Royalty and Specialist Protection Command arrested the man after they allegedly stepped over a low fence and tried to scale a wall outside the palace.
Buckingham Palace is the official home of Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, although they are often at one of their other residences.
Police say they were given a mental health assessment and released on conditional bail.
They must report to London police in January.
The photographer Shaniqwa Jarvis has shot advertising campaigns for Supreme, Nike and Adidas. She's shot portraits of Cardi B, Janelle Monáe and SZA. She's held solo exhibitions in London and Tokyo. She's capital-A accomplished.
But if their work is exhilarating, it is also tiring.  They are often confronted by industry peers who question whether she's capable of doing what they do, who scrutinize their credentials, and wonder aloud whether they are suitable for the job and sometimes mistake them for the stylist when they show up for shoots.
“Even still to this day there are certain people who hire me who have never hired a black woman before,” they said recently. “They think there are so many differences and they start talking to me and they're like, oh my god, we're so similar.”
This month, Ms. Jarvis released a self-titled book of their photographs, published by Baque Creative Press. They describe it as the greatest hits compilation, a record of their 20 years taking pictures in New York, Los Angeles and London.
WHAT: The Lakeview Progressive Taste & Trivia is an inaugural event benefitting the Birmingham Public Library and hosted by the Friends of the Birmingham Public Library.
WHO: The Birmingham Public Library system has 19 locations and has been serving the community for more than 130 years. It is one of the largest library systems in the Southeast. The mission of the Birmingham Public Library system is to provide the highest-quality library experience to the community for lifelong learning, cultural enrichment and enjoyment.
The Friends of the Birmingham Public Library is an organization dedicated to helping the library improve the quality and scope of its services. They advocate on behalf of the library and provide volunteers while working closely with Birmingham Public Library staff to help it to be the best library it can be.
WHEN: Thursday, April 26, 2018, 6-9 p.m.
WHERE: Many locations! This is a Progressive Event that will start at Tin Roof (2709 7th Avenue South, Birmingham, AL 35233) and end at SideBar (2929 7th Ave S, Birmingham, AL 35233). Participants will visit three pre-determined locations and play one round of trivia at each. Additional participating establishments include Hattie B's, Lou's Pub, Moe's Original BBQ – Lakeview, Sky Castle and Slice, all of which are located in the Lakeview area.
ADDITIONAL INFO:
Individual tickets are $18; the team ticket price for 4 people is $60 (a $12 savings). All participants will receive up to three free “Taste of Lakeview” samples – one at each location. Estimated ticket value is more than $30. All ticket proceeds directly benefit the Birmingham Public Library and participating businesses have generously donated samples. The Taste & Trivia winning team will receive a Lakeview Prize Pack valued at $250.
Don't have a team? No worries — sign up individually and we will assign you to a team and you can make new friends.
Please visit lakeviewtasteandtrivia.eventbrite.com to purchase tickets.
For more information on the Birmingham Public Library system, visit the website at bplonline.org and follow-on Facebook and Twitter @BPL.
A marathon of hockey from April 6 to 9 resulted in positive memories of a lifetime for local indigenous youth.
The tournament dubbed the “Stanley Cup of Indigenous Minor Hockey” led to the EMS Midget Oilers and Elizabeth Northern Selects Pee-wee Girls teams to win gold medals at the 2017 Alberta Native Provincials held in Edmonton recently.
The 2017 Alberta Native Provincials is the largest all indigenous tournament comprised of 250 teams from communities across the province.
Our community should be proud of our local indigenous athletes and what they've accomplished as it's a first to bring home both gold medals as top teams in their divisions and the province.
The teams are comprised of local youth ages 11-18 with both teams going undefeated playing 11 games total.
The Midget Oilers went 6-0 outscoring opponents 42-7 and the Girls Northern Selects went 5-0 outscoring opponents 54-1.
The boys competed against 24 other teams in their division going 30-0 in pool play advancing to bracket play on April 8 with wins 4-2 vs. Sucker Creek, 4-2 vs. Sturgeon Lake and 3-2 vs. Kikino to win the Gold on finals on April 9.
The Pee-wee girls went 48-0 vs. Calling Lake, Alexis, Stoney Sioux and Edmonton in five games leading up to the final vs. Enoch winning Gold with a 6-1 final score.
A special thank you to everyone who supported the teams including the sponsors and to the team managers, brother and sister Chris Desjarlais and Kelly Steinhauer, and the coaches and trainers who made it all happen for these kids.
A nod to our few sponsors who also supported the teams and helped our young athletes.
The government may have spoken too soon when it immediately bragged over the weekend that firecracker injuries this year were the lowest in a decade.
As of Monday, injuries have steadily climbed to 524 cases from an official count of just 350 on New Year's Eve, the Department of Health (DOH) said.
The DOH spokesperson, Dr. Eric Tayag, said in their Twitter account that the latest figure on the number of firecracker injuries was still 40 percent lower than the five-year (2011-2015) average; and 40 percent lower compared with the same period last year.
ADVERTISEMENT
The DOH started counting injuries on Dec. 21 and the count will end on Jan. 5.
Inquirer research showed 384 firecracker-related injuries from Dec. 21, 2015, to Jan. 1, 2016, representing a decrease of just 8.8 percent compared with the same period last year.
In contrast, the government had claimed a 60-percent drop in cases in celebrations this year—the lowest in a decade— with Health Secretary Paulyn Jean Ubial attributing the decline to the public's fear of President Duterte, who had earlier vowed to harshly punish revelers and ultimately ban the multimillion-peso firecracker industry.
The Aksyon Paputok Injury Reduction 2016 report of the DOH National Epidemiology Center showed that most of the victims were in Manila, followed by Quezon City, Marikina, Navotas, Las Piñas, Pasig and Mandaluyong.
The report noted that majority, or 53 percent, of the injuries were caused by illegal fireworks. One hundred seventy-seven, or 34 percent, of the injuries were caused by piccolo, an illegal firecracker.
Stray bullet
On Monday, Ubial maintained that Emilyn Villanueva, the 15-year-old girl from Malabon City now at the intensive care unit of Jose Reyes Memorial Medical Center, suffered injuries from a stray bullet and not from deliberate shooting as claimed by the police.
“If it's a shooting incident, the trajectory of the bullet that hit the victim would not be like that. We still categorize it as stray bullet from indiscriminate firing because the bullet hit the child on the head at the trajectory of a stray bullet, vertical,” Ubial told the Inquirer.
“In terms of the health indicator, the CT scan that we have, the trajectory of the bullet was really from up going downward,” they stressed, contradicting a police report that classified the shooting as intentional.
The Philippine National Police said it recorded 23 incidents of indiscriminate firing during the holidays, with at least six of the 19 suspects police officers and a military man.
Among those the PNP identified were PO1 Daniel Castillo of Raxabago Police Station in Manila, PO1 Ronel Pantig, assigned to the Pasig City Police Station, and Cpl. Lovelyson Cutas, a member of the Philippine Marines.
Castillo is now detained at the Manila Police District, Cutas is detained at the Taguig City Police Station while Pantig is still at large.
In Malacañang, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said that President Duterte deferred the signing of an executive order imposing a total ban on firecrackers, as they considered its effects on manufacturers and their employees.
“The President weighs, considers the welfare that would be for the greater good of all,” Andanar said in a statement.
“Although we are very much aware that the President is a strong advocate of the total firecracker ban, there are industries and laborers also that would be affected by this move,” they said.
Firecracker injuries in Central Luzon rose to 130 as of Monday, mostly from Bulacan, Pampanga and Zambales provinces.
The number, however, still represented a 64 percent drop, compared with the same period in 2015 and the first days of 2016, according to the DOH regional epidemiology and surveillance unit.
The Bulacan Provincial Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said 58 people were hurt in the New Year revelry in the province, mostly by piccolo.
Firecracker sales still up
In Bocaue town, firecracker sellers reported brisk business in the run-up to New Year's Eve.
Most firecracker dealers resumed operations in mid-December after the government lifted a stop order issued last October following two fireworks accidents that killed five people.
Herminia Camlian, 46, owner of Minia's Fireworks in Barangay Binang, said stores were swamped with last-minute orders and could not keep up with demand. –With reports from Marlon Ramos, Julliane Love de Jesus, Carmela Reyes-Estrope and Tonette Orejas
THE BASICS
The teams: The No. 9 Wisconsin Badgers (4-0, 1-0) vs the Nebraska Cornhuskers (3-2, 2-0)
Advertisement
The time: 7 p.m. CDT, Saturday
The place: Memorial Stadium, Lincoln, Neb.
The TV coverage: BTN with Kevin Kugler and Matt Millen in the booth, and Lisa Byington on the sideline.
The last time: Dare Ogunbowale ran for 120 yards and the game-winning touchdown in overtime as the Badgers beat Nebraska 23-17 at Camp Randall Stadium last October.
The series: Wisconsin leads 7-4
The line: Wisconsin -11.5
The Badgers injury report:
QUESTIONABLE
TE Troy Fumagalli (leg)
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk (leg)
K P.J. Rosowski (leg)
OUT
Game:
RB Taiwan Deal (leg)
DE Chikwe Obasih (knee)
WR George Rushing (leg)
Season:
LB Jack Cichy (knee)
LB Zack Baun (foot)
RB Sam Brodner (knee)
LB Mason Stokke (leg)
THE BREAKDOWN: FIVE THINGS TO WATCH
1) Claim the West
There is still plenty of football to be played, but the winner of Saturday night's game will grab the inside track to the Big Ten West title, and that's especially true of Wisconsin. While Nebraska still has games against Ohio State and a road trip to Penn State, this has the potential to be the toughest road game left on the Badgers schedule. Get by this one, hold serve at home against Iowa and Michigan, and Wisconsin will put itself in position to be a legitimate College Football Playoff contender.
2) The real Alex Hornibrook
Wisconsin quarterback Alex Hornibrook's numbers are very good. They lead the Big Ten in pass efficiency, ranks second in completion percentage and already has as many touchdowns this year (9) as they had all of last year. But he's also been a little shaky at times, specifically after making a mistake. Coach Paul Chryst said after last week's win, in which the sophomore quarterback threw one touchdown but also two interceptions, that Hornibrook needs to trust what he's seeing and let it rip. The Badgers have been able to overcome the inconsistency so far, but the margin shrinks on the road in Big Ten play.
3) The Blackshirts are back?
It took 1 1/2 games, but it appears Nebraska's defenders are warming up to the new 3-4 scheme that Bob Diaco brought with them when the Huskers made them the highest-paid assistant in school history this offseason. After giving up 42 points in the first half at Oregon, Diaco's defense has allowed just two touchdowns since then, including keeping Illinois out of the end zone last week. The big question, though, is whether that's a product of good defense or subpar offenses? Wisconsin will figure out the answer to that question one way or the other on Saturday night.
4) Bringing the pressure
Northwestern quarterback Clayton Thorson got acquainted with the Wisconsin defense last week to the tune of eight sacks — the most for the Badgers since 2001. Hitting those numbers again this week aren't likely, but Nebraska quarterback Tanner Lee can expect plenty of people in their face. And as opposed to Thorson, who could pull the ball down and run a little bit, Lee is not mobile. It would be a surprise if the Huskers don't find a way to get the ball out of Lee's hand quickly or run some draws and screens to try and slow Wisconsin's rush.
5) Walking into a hornet's nest
Nebraska doesn't lose home games at night. The Huskers have won 20 straight games at night in Memorial Stadium, and the environment, like it is at Camp Randall Stadium, changes when the lights come on. Add in the fact Wisconsin is No. 9 in the country, is a double-digit favorite and the mounting pressure on coach Mike Riley to deliver a marquee win, and the Badgers should expect a scene unlike most of the players on the team have dealt with before. It'll be key for Wisconsin to buck its trend of slow starts and not give Nebraska any extra energy in a stadium that will already be full of it.
NUMBERS TO CONSIDER
— Nebraska is a double-digit underdog at home for the first time since 2008 against Missouri. The Huskers lost that game 52-17.
— Despite missing the Northwestern game, tight end Troy Fumagalli leads the team in targets, catches (15), yards (236) and is tied for the lead in touchdowns (3).
— Wisconsin has outscored Nebraska by 110 points in their six meetings since the Huskers entered the Big Ten in 2011.
PREDICTIONS
Zach Heilprin's prediction: Wisconsin 27, Nebraska 20 (4-0 on the season, 3-1 against the spread)
Ebo's prediction: Wisconsin 31, Nebraska 13 (4-0 on the season, 2-2 against the spread)
Joe Miller's prediction: Wisconsin 28, Nebraska 13 (4-0 on the season, 2-2 against the spread)
Related
Comments
comments
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang says, 'We don't want to see a trade war' with U.S., hope to negotiate disputes.
For 33 years, Paul Shaffer was the soundtrack and sidekick to David Letterman on late night TV.
When it ended two years ago, the Canadian-born music director thought they would ease into retirement. But despite the show's hectic pace, they found themselves missing the nightly grind.
“It was a huge adjustment,” says Shaffer, who joins their longtime band April 20 at the Niagara Fallsview Casino. “And a sudden one, going from 100 miles an hour to zero.
“We were very tightly-wound. It was physical this adjustment, too. Doing five shows a week in, week out, for that long…we were sort of short-tempered sometimes. All of us guilty of it. Then all of a sudden there's absolutely no schedule. It was amazing, really.”
Like Letterman, Shaffer thought they would retreat from the spotlight for awhile. They hadn't taken a prolonged break since starting their music career with a Toronto production of Godspell in 1972.
The break didn't suit him.
“It absolutely wasn't for me. I got bored right away.”
It was about that time legendary record executive Seymour Stein, the founder of Sire Records, called with a simple request: Wanna make a record?
“And boy, did I ever want to make a record. It seemed like I should get the band back together.”
That would be ‘The World's Most Dangerous Band,' Letterman's original house band since their late night show debuted in 1982. While the name changed once Letterman jumped from NBC to CBS in 1993, most of the players remained the same.
“I had this great working organization that could do anything, you know?,” says Shaffer. “Why waste that? We were together for so many years. I was right, too. We still had the simpatico, and we were able to make this record (fast). We had a lot of fun doing it, and not much pressure.”
Released March 17, the self-titled album features appearances by Bill Murray, Jenny Lewis, Dion, Darius Rucker and Valerie Simpson. Niagara Falls is the only Canadian stop of a tour that continues to July 1.
Which will take some adjusting to, laughs Shaffer. For decades, they played in the same place.
“Not since 1980 and the Blues Brothers tour have I done anything like this. I can't wait for the shows, but as far as the other parts, the planes to the trains and getting to the gig and all that stuff, well here we go!”
It's not quite like starting over, but there's a newness Shaffer hasn't felt in years.
After a stint on Broadway for The Magic Show, they were a house band member of the original Saturday Night Live. They frequently appeared in sketches, most memorably with Bill Murray as Nick the Lounge Singer's pianist, and as music manager Don Kirshner.
Shaffer was integral to the success of The Blues Brothers and SNL cast member Gilda Radner's classic 1979 Broadway show, captured in the movie Gilda Live which co-starred Shaffer.
Even after joining Letterman to make TV history, Shaffer was a constant presence in movies, other shows and other people's records. Name any mainstream artist, and they've likely crossed paths with Shaffer at least once.
Live Aid? They were there.
The Olympics? Ditto.
Super Bowl Halftime show? Of course.
Along the way they picked up two honourary doctorate degrees, was awarded a star on Canada's Walk of Fame, and in 2008 received the Order of Canada. They have been musical director for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's induction ceremony since it began in 1986.
They have been part of the landscape for so long, they know people want to hear their stories as much as their music. That was the case last year when they brought the band to their hometown of Thunder Bay - the manager of the auditorium they played in requested them.
“It did show me a lot about what I should be aiming to do,” they say. “A show has to be more than just a series of songs. I have a lot of stories from my many years in this nutty business.
“(The manager) was very specific: ‘We want to hear a lot of stories.' Hometown stories. Inside show business stories. So I gave them some of that, and if I could pay it off with a song, I felt I was ahead of the game.”
Valerie Simpson will join the band for the Niagara Falls show. Best known as half of the married duo Ashford & Simpson, they co-wrote such Motown classics as Ain't No Mountain High Enough, Reach Out and Touch (Somebody's Hand) and Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing, along with the Chaka Khan anthem I'm Every Woman.
“That's a lot of fun for me,” says Shaffer. “I've known them since the ‘70s. Just getting to be around her, and play with her…it's an education.”
It might be a ‘bucket list' item, if Shaffer kept such things. They don't think about what's left to do so much as how to keep doing it.
“All I know is that I gotta keep playing the piano,” they say. “That's truly what I love, and when I'm the happiest. As long as I can keep figuring out ways to do that, I don't think I have anything left on the bucket list.”
jlaw@postmedia.com
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Duke University continues to employ a lecturer who has been arrested twice this year, most recently for assaulting a police officer during a political protest, but refuses to say anything more about the situation.
Rann Bar-On, a mathematics lecturer at Duke, was arrested in Graham, North Carolina on May 20 for "felony assault on a police officer and a misdemeanor for damage to personal property," The Duke Chronicle reports.
"We don't see it as very useful for us as a solidarity movement to condemn violence."
[RELATED: Prof arrested for bludgeoning Trump supporters with bike lock]
Bar-On was protesting a Confederate Memorial Day rally held by a group called Alamance County Taking Back Alamance County (ACTBAC).
ACTBAC has been classified as a “neo-confederate” group by the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), and was placed on its online “Hate Map,” a classification that ACTBAC called “basically blasphemy,” The Times-News reports.
“There's no reason whatsoever we should even be on there. We have no reason to be on there,” ACTBAC founder Gary Williamson argued. “There is nothing we've ever done that expresses racism or hate.”
[RELATED: York Tech bans Confederate flag from Confederate history event]
Bar-In was protesting as part of the “Triangle Industrial Workers of the World,” a far-left labor union whose members chanted “fuck white supremacy! Fuck the police!” and "cops and the Klan go hand in hand” during the demonstration, The Times-News reports.
Bar-On allegedly tried to destroy a flag—which was reportedly either a Christian or Confederate flag—by pouring some liquid (possibly lighter fluid) on it. When a police officer tried to retrieve the flag, Bar-On allegedly hit them with the flag pole, leading to their arrest.
[RELATED: Cleveland students protest ‘mere presence' of cops on campus for RNC]
Bar-On is Israeli, and has written that they are in the U.S. on “a five year contract,” though they claim that they have “been sponsored for an employment-based Green Card.”
Bar-On was also arrested with other protesters in March for "disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, and inciting a riot," The News Observer reports. The group was protesting conditions in Durham County Jail during a commissioners meeting, and began chanting “we will be back!” as they were escorted from the room.
[RELATED: ‘Blackout' protesters demand end to ‘oppressive' standardized testing]
Bar-On, as part of a pro-Palestinian group, also once reportedly refused to sign a statement condemning terrorism, explaining that “We don't see it as very useful for us as a solidarity movement to condemn violence.”
They also previously said that violence can be "both a legal and occasionally necessary tool in the long-term struggle for the end of oppression,” according to The American Thinker.
A university spokesperson confirmed that Bar-On still works at the school, but declined to comment on the arrest.
Duke did not respond to multiple requests for comment from Campus Reform.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @justincaruso2
By Mae Anderson, The Associated Press
Amazon's latest perk … free delivery to your car.
The Seattle company on Tuesday began offering delivery in 37 cities to Amazon Prime members who own newer General Motors or Volvo vehicles.
The company will expand the number of locations as well as eligible vehicle makes and models going forward.
Amazon has steadily expanded its reach into places long considered no-go zones for most people outside of the immediate family, starting with smart speakers in the home that await voice commands to come to life.
Last year, Amazon launched Amazon Key which lets those who with a Wi-Fi-connected lock to unlock their front doors so that packages could be left inside. Earlier this year, the company acquired Ring, which makes Wi-Fi-connected cameras and doorbells.
The in-car delivery service is available to members of Amazon Prime whose cars are parked in publicly accessible areas, such as on the street in front of an apartment building, at a workplace parking lot, or in a driveway. Amazon won't deliver to a private parking garage or other places where access to a vehicle is not readily available. Packages are placed in the vehicle's trunk or out of plain sight.
Deliveries are available right now to Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM's OnStar connected-car service, and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account.
A quick search at Amazon's Key In Car site showed the delivery is available in the Orange ZIP code of 92866 if you drive a 2018 Chevy Silverado. The site requires users enter ZIP and car type before proceeding. Another search in Torrance ZIP 90248 worked for a 2018 Volvo Cross Country. Same for Riverside ZIP 92501 for Chevy Cruze owners.
Customers must download the Amazon Key app to which they can link a connected car.
Related Articles Move over Alexa, Amazon said to be working on domestic robot named Vesta
Amazon worker's median pay in 2017: $28,446
Bezos reveals Amazon has 100 Million Prime members, more than Costco
Amazon's next move: Partnering with Best Buy to sell smart TVs
Amazon Makes Hiring Push in Riyadh After Saudi Prince's Visit On the day a package is scheduled for delivery, customers can use the Amazon Key app to confirm that their car is parked in a place where a delivery can be made.
The app also provides notifications with an expected 4-hour delivery window and notifies customers when the package is on its way and when it's been delivered. Customers can track when their car was unlocked and relocked through the app, where they can also rate the experience.
“Receiving a package securely and reliably in your car, without you having to be there, is something we think many people will appreciate,” said Atif Rafiq, chief digital officer at Volvo Cars. “This mix of car and commerce is starting the next wave of innovation and we intend to be at the forefront.”
To check eligibility and to sign up for Amazon Key In-Car, visit amazon.com/keyincar.
Getty Image
The Golden State Warriors might have made the move of the offseason when they secured the services of DeMarcus Cousins on a one-year deal worth a hair above $5 million. Cousins is working their way back from a ruptured achilles, but even if they take their time and gets as close to 100 percent possible, that's fine, because the Warriors can afford for them to take as much time as they need.
It's a major blow to the other 29 NBA teams, but it's an especially tough break for the New Orleans Pelicans, which traded for Cousins prior to the 2017 NBA trade deadline and were unable to keep them on board. As it turns out, they tried to secure their services ones more, but surprisingly enough, Cousins turned them down.
According to Marc Stein of the New York Times‘ newsletter, the Pelicans offered Cousins a two-year deal prior to their season ending. Cousins didn't want it, and the Pelicans pulled the offer.
