Gotabaya Rajapaksa, Sri Lanka's former defence secretary and brother of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa looks on during an interview with Foreign Correspondents Association of Sri Lanka in Colombo, Sri Lanka March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte
Gotabaya Rajapaksa, Sri Lanka's former defence secretary and brother of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa speaks to the members of the Foreign Correspondents Association of Sri Lanka in Colombo, Sri Lanka March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte
COLOMBO War crime investigations backed by some Western countries and the United Nations will exacerbate the differences between Sri Lanka's two main ethnic groups instead of uniting them, former defence secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa said on Monday.
As defence secretary, Gotabaya Rajapaksa, the brother of former leader Mahinda Rajapaksa, oversaw the defeat of the separatist, predominantly Hindu Liberation Tigers of Tamil Ealam (LTTE) by the government military in a 26-year war.
Gotabaya Rajaksa, the most influential government officer in the Rajapaksa government, has been accused of committing war crimes in the final weeks of the conflict ended in May 2009. They have denied all the allegations against him.
A U.N. panel has said around 40,000 people, mostly ethnic minority Tamils, were killed in the war's final phase. Families in the former northern war zone still complain of thousands of enforced disappearances during that time.
Gotabaya made their comments four days after the U.N. Human Rights Council said Sri Lanka must make more progress towards meeting commitments to establishing a credible investigation into alleged war crimes during the country's civil war.
The United Nations originally asked Sri Lanka to have foreign judges run the war crime probe focusing particularly on the last few days of the conflict. But President Maithripala Sirisena later said they would not agree to having foreign judges.
"How can you talk about investigations and foreign judges at the same time bringing these communities together?" they told a Foreign Correspondents Association of Sri Lanka late on Monday.
"By trying to do these things, you only try to bring people apart. If you think like that, there won't be reconciliation at all. After a war, what can we do? Going back and harping on these things will never bring communities together. That will widen the gap."
They also said that when Tamils talk about war crime probes, ethnic majority Sinhalese speak of the massacre of Buddhist priests and police and the horrors they experienced during the war, and that that could slow the postwar healing process.
The government has already launched some related investigations into alleged war crimes, but ethnic-minority Tamils have complained about the sluggish pace of probes.
Former leader Mahinda Rajapaksa's government rejected visas that would have allowed U.N. investigators to visit the island nation.
Gotabaya Rajapaksa, 67, also denied allegations that they were involved in maintaining death squads, in attacks on journalists, and in some financial misappropriation during the war.
Under the new government, they are facing police and financial crime investigations.
As defence secretary, they were the highest-ranking civil servant in Sri Lanka's Defence Ministry.
(Reporting by Shihar Aneez and Ranga Sirilal; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
(Adds CFO quote, details on crude prices, export revenue and natural gas output)
By David Alire Garcia
MEXICO CITY May 3 Mexican state oil company Pemex on Wednesday reported a first quarter net profit of 87.9 billion pesos ($4.7 billion) on higher sales as crude prices rose sharply to make its first quarterly profit since 2012.
During the year earlier period, Pemex posted a loss of 62 billion pesos.
Revenue at the company officially known as Petroleos Mexicanos was up 55 percent to 349 billion pesos, a filing with the Mexican stock exchange said.
The average price of Mexico's crude export mix in the first quarter was up about 70 percent to reach $44.11 per barrel, compared to just $25.87 per barrel during the same period last year.
As a result, export revenue during the quarter grew a whopping 86 percent despite the fact that crude export volumes dipped nearly 4 percent.
"Pemex continues taking firm steps in the right direction," said Chief Financial Officer Juan Pablo Newman during a call with analysts after the results were released.
First-quarter crude production stood at 2.018 million barrels per day (bpd), down 9.5 percent from average output of 2.23 million bpd during the January-March period last year.
Meanwhile, natural gas output fell about 16 percent to 4.367 billion cubic feet per day.
Pemex hit peak crude production in 2004 with 3.4 million barrels per day (bpd), but since then the limping giant has seen output drop by more than 1.3 million bpd.
Long a major source of tax revenue for the government, Pemex now contributes less than a fifth of federal revenue, down from more than a third a few years ago.
The Mexican government continues to implement a sweeping energy reform finalized in 2014.
The reform ended the decades-long production monopoly enjoyed by Pemex, and led to the first-ever competitive oil auctions and joint venture partnerships. ($1 = 18.7275 on March 31) (Additional reporting by Adriana Barrera; editing by Grant McCool)
(Repeats item issued earlier. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* Graphic of Saudi OSP vs. Brent-Dubai swaps: tmsnrt.rs/2o55LQ4
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 6 Saudi Aramco's decision to cut prices for lighter grades of oil for customers in Asia is a sign of just how seriously the world's top crude exporter is taking its battle with U.S. shale and other producers outside last year's move to cut output.
The Saudi Arabian state oil company lowered the official selling price (OSP) of its benchmark Arab Light grade by 30 cents a barrel for May cargoes destined for Asia, which buys about two-thirds of the kingdom's exports.
This took the OSP to a discount of 45 cents a barrel to the regional benchmark Oman-Dubai. It was the second straight month that Aramco cut the price, even though the Saudis are the major player in the agreement between producer group OPEC and its allies to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first six months of the year.
Aramco also reduced the OSP for its Arab Extra Light grade by 35 cents a barrel to a premium of 60 cents over Oman-Dubai for May-loading cargoes for Asian customers, and for Super Light by 20 cents. In contrast, the OSPs for Arab Medium and Heavy were left unchanged.
It's worth noting that Arab Light isn't actually a light crude in the mould of global benchmark Brent, as its API gravity of 32-33 degrees makes it a medium grade, compared with Brent's light 38.3 degrees.
But Arab Extra Light and Super Light are more directly comparable to Brent, and they both saw price reductions.
It's appears that Aramco, mainly a producer of medium to heavy grades, is responding to the light grades of crude swamping Asian markets as U.S. producers ramp up shale output and West Africa increases production.
Another way of looking at it is by noting the difference between light and heavy prices in Asia.
The main way of doing this is via the Dubai-Brent exchange for swaps DUB-EFS-1M, which measures the premium of the lighter grade over its heavier Middle Eastern counterpart.
This has been on a narrowing trend this year as heavier grades became more scarce following output cuts by OPEC and its allies, including Russia.
The premium commanded by Brent dropped from $4.65 a barrel in January 2016 to just $1.08 on Feb. 28, a 17-month low.
When the premium of Brent over Dubai is declining, Aramco has in the past adjusted its Asian OSP lower as well, which acts to keep its crude prices relatively constant between regions.
However, since the Feb. 28 low, the Brent-Dubai swaps have been trending modestly higher, reaching $1.28 a barrel on April 4.
In theory, this should have resulted in a small increase in the Saudi OSP, or perhaps steady prices, rather than the price cuts actually delivered.
LIGHT OIL PUSH
This indicates that the Saudis are pushing their lighter grades into Asia at competitive prices. Physical oil traders also report that there is no shortage of light crude and cargoes are trading at discounts to their OSPs.
It seems that in Asia the output cuts by OPEC and its allies have shifted the battleground to lighter grades of crude, and the reason is starting to show up in import figures.
Data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts indicates that Middle Eastern producers are losing ground in Asia.
The Middle East's share of Asia's crude imports in March was 61.5 percent, down from as high as 65.9 percent as recently as January, according to vessel-tracking and port data.
In contrast, the share from exporters in the West, which includes U.S. shale, Canada, Brazil and even cargoes from Europe's North Sea, rose to 19.7 percent, up from 17.9 percent in January, and the second-highest share in the past year, behind only December's 19.9 percent.
It appears as if the Saudis are attempting to maintain market share in Asia by trying to match the pricing and availability of lighter crudes from producers outside the output agreement between OPEC and its allies.
At the same time, they are reducing shipments of heavier grades of crude to meet their commitments to reduce overall output.
If this trend continues, it's possible that Asian markets will end up with a surplus of lighter crudes and a deficit of heavier grades, which could conceivably send the Brent-Dubai swaps into a discount for the first time in seven years.
(Editing by Richard Pullin)
FUNCHAL, March 29 Madeira renamed its airport in honour of Cristiano Ronaldo on Wednesday - although it is a new statue of the four-times world player of the year that is likely to grab the headlines.
The Atlantic island is where Ronaldo grew up, and the airport in its capital Funchal will now be known as "Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo".
The ceremony followed Portugal playing their first match on the island for 16 years, the hosts losing 3-2 to Sweden despite an early Ronaldo goal in the friendly on Tuesday.
Ronaldo, 32, was accompanied to the airport renaming by their girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez and mother Maria, and heads were turned when a statue with a debatable likeness to the image-conscious Real Madrid forward was unveiled.
Not everyone on Madeira agrees with the decision to rename the airport after Ronaldo, but their national-hero status was confirmed last year when they led Portugal to victory in the European Championship. (Reporting by Reuters TV, Editing by Ed Osmond)
April 3 BP Plc has agreed to cut about 5 million pounds ($6.24 million) from Chief Executive Bob Dudley's maximum pay for the next three years in a bid to avoid a shareholder revolt, Sky News said on Monday, citing people briefed on the matter.
Sky News said that Dudley's maximum annual pay over the next three years will now be about 12.2 million pounds ($15.22 million) including their salary, an annual bonus of 3.3 million pounds and a long-term share incentive plan award worth up to 7.4 million pounds. The previous package was worth up to 17.4 million pounds including the matching share awards.
The report said the company had decided to reduce Dudley's maximum long-term incentive plan award from seven times their 1.48 million pounds basic salary to five times. (bit.ly/2oC9WRK)
According to the report, Dudley's annual bonus will remain constant at a maximum of 225 percent of their salary. The framework will also apply to other top BP directors between 2017 and 2019. (Reporting by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Policemen gather near the State Historical Museum and the Kremlin towers in the case of an anti-government protest, which was not sanctioned by the authorities, in central Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Policemen gather in the case of an anti-government protest, which was not sanctioned by the authorities, in central Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Policemen stand guard at the entrance to Red Square in central Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Policemen detain young men while patrolling streets in the case of an anti-government protest, which was not sanctioned by the authorities, in Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Policemen detain a man while patrolling the city centre in the case of an anti-government protest, which was not sanctioned by the authorities, in central Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Policemen detain a man while patrolling the city centre in the case of an anti-government protest, which was not sanctioned by the authorities, in central Moscow, Russia, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW Police in Moscow detained more than 20 anti-corruption protesters who took to the streets on Sunday in a follow-up of last week's large-scale demonstrations in the Russian capital, according to a Reuters witness.
The turnout was much smaller than at rallies last week, when hundreds of protesters including a prominent Kremlin critic, Alexei Navalny, were detained as they went out to demonstrate against corruption, demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
On Sunday, plain clothes officials and police detained between 20 to 30 people in central Moscow as they tried to organise a march towards Kremlin, the Reuters witness said.
Interfax news agency, quoting police, said 29 people were detained for "breaching of public order".
"Now it is obvious that the problem has escalated because there are so many detained in different cities from Vladivostok to Kaliningrad," said Ilya Kurzinkov, one of several students from Novosibirsk in Western Siberia who joined in the rally in support of the Muscovites.
"In general people are beaten, hurt. Even now, here, we see people are being detained, provocateurs appear."
There were some 100 protesters in the centre of Moscow, a significantly smaller group than at last week's protests, reckoned to be the biggest since a wave of anti-Kremlin demonstrations in 2011/2012.
The protests come a year before a presidential election in which Vladimir Putin is expected to run for a fourth term.
"People have some questions and they have not been given any answers. And when people tried to speak out about it, detentions took place," said Ksenia, another student from Novosibirsk.
Before Sunday's protests, Russian authorities had blocked access to several Internet pages promoting what the government said was "a planned illegal anti-government protest" in or near Moscow's Red Square.
The organisers of the rally say they are "young people and ordinary students from Moscow" and have nothing to do with Navalny, who is serving out a 15-day jail sentence for their role organising the March 26 protests.
Among the detainees on Sunday was 17-year old high-school student Roman Shingarkin, whose father is a former member of parliament who supports President Vladimir Putin, a witness said.
An image of Shingarkin sitting on top of a lamp-post during last week's rally became a David-and-Goliath style symbol of defiance.
(Reporting by Maxim Shemetov, Alexander Reshetnikov, Maria Tsvetkova and Parniyan Zemaryalai; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Clelia Oziel)
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - "Annabelle: Creation" may not be able to save the summer -- which, after this weekend, will only fall farther behind last year's pace -- but it is doing its part to frighten audiences into theaters.
The latest from New Line and Warner Bros, which serves as the fourth installment in what has become the "Conjuring" extended universe, is casting its evil eye on $35 million from 3,502 locations. That's a strong start for the horror flick, which was made for about $15 million.
The track record for the franchise is strong -- "Annabelle" ($37.1 million); "The Conjuring" ($41.9 million); and "The Conjuring 2" ($40.4 million). David F. Sandberg directed the sequel about a dollmaker whose creation terrorizes a group of orphan girls. For those invested in the "Conjuring" canon, it serves as a prequel to the first "Annabelle." Stephanie Sigman, Talitha Bateman, Anthony LaPaglia, and Miranda Otto star in the pic that critics have generally given a thumbs up to (it currently has an 68% on Rotten Tomatoes).
"Annabelle is scary as hell," said Jeff Goldstein, distribution chief at Warner Bros. "And it's exciting to see how broadly audiences enjoyed it," they said, adding, "I think our marketing team did a fabulous job."
The same studio's "Dunkirk" continues to show strong during its fourth weekend, as it holds onto second place. One of the lone bright spots in a generally dismal summer for the box office, Christopher Nolan's World War II epic should make an additional $11.4 million this weekend, pushing its domestic total past the $150 million mark.
While it should land in the top three, Open Road's sequel "Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature" appears to be a miss. From 4,003 locations, the animated adventure should earn $8.9 million. That's less than half of the first "Nut Job" movie, which opened to $19.4 million before going on to take in $120.9 million worldwide during its run. The sequel's story centers around a group of animals who attempt to save their home from being bulldozed and turned into an amusement park.
After "Nut Job 2" is Sony's "Dark Tower" which underperformed during its opening weekend, and continues to slide. With $7.9 million from 3,451 locations, the movie looks to slip 59% from its first frame. The same studio's "Emoji Movie" is rounding out the top five with $6.6 million from 3,219 theaters, just ahead of Universal's "Girls Trip" which is closing in on the $100 million milestone. That landmark was just met by Sony's "Baby Driver," which took in $1.5 million this weekend.
Meanwhile, Lionsgate's new release "The Glass Castle" is pulling in $4.9 million from 1,461 locations. Those are meager earnings, but also a low theater count. The adaptation of Jeannette Walls' hugely-popular 2005 memoir mostly appealed to women, who made up 80% of the audience. Audiences have been generally receptive, earning the movie an A- CinemaScore, while critics are more mixed (50% of RottenTomatoes). Brie Larson reunited with "Short Term 12" director Destin Daniel Cretton for the project, which also stars Naomi Watts and Woody Harrelson.
In limited release, Paramount's "An Inconvenient Sequel" added 376 theaters this weekend for a total of 556 where it's expected to make $800,000. TWC expanded Taylor Sheridan's "Wind River" to 45 locations, where it is earning $642,067 -- the studio plans to continue the film's expansion to between 600 and 700 locations next weekend. Neon's "Ingrid Goes West," starring Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen, should make $141,216 from just three locations. And A24's Robert Pattinson-starrer "Good Time" is opening in four theaters to $137,625.
This time last year, "Suicide Squad" suffered a steep second weekend drop to $43.5 million. But that is still more than this weekend's winner. And while Disney's "Pete's Dragon" faltered, Sony's "Sausage Party" surprised with $34.3 million, or about the same as "Annabelle: Creation" this year. That is to say, the box office continues to slip behind, and the summer of hell is only getting hotter.
An employee is seen at the front desk of Snapdeal headquarters in Gurugram on the outskirts of New Delhi, India, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Snapdeal's three biggest investors - Japan's SoftBank (9984.T), Kalaari Capital and Nexus Venture Partners have moved closer to resolving an impasse, potentially clearing the way for a sale of the e-tailer to one of its rivals, Flipkart or Paytm, according to a Mint report, citing unnamed sources.
The newspaper report said that at a board meeting of Jasper Infotech, the company behind Snapdeal, on Tuesday, SoftBank showed interest in buying a part of the stake owned by Kalaari and Nexus.
Such a move would allow SoftBank, which owns more than a 30 percent stake in Snapdeal, to consolidate its ownership position and put it in the driver's seat to negotiate any deal.
The newspaper said Kalaari and Nexus are seeking a sum of $100 million each for their stakes. Snapdeal promoters Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal have also asked SoftBank for a $100 million payout to them and their management teams in order to clear the way for a sale.
A spokesperson for Snapdeal said no decision has been taken by the board on any matter thus far.
Nexus declined to comment. And Kalaari and SoftBank did not respond to requests for comment.
Separately the Economic Times citing a source reported that a sale of Snapdeal to Flipkart is more likely than a sale of the company to smaller e-commerce rival Paytm, as Flipkart's valuation of Snapdeal was much better. (bit.ly/2oAQlnY)
A representative of Flipkart said that the company does not comment on market speculation.
(Reporting by Tanvi Mehta and Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Euan Rocha)
CHICAGO A weekend storm is expected to bring as much as a foot (30.5 cm) of snow to parts of the U.S. Plains winter wheat belt and heavy rain to the southern Midwest, stalling corn and soybean planting, meteorologists said on Friday.
The storm was likely to dump 2 to 8 inches of snow across western Kansas and Nebraska, eastern Colorado and the Oklahoma Panhandle, but local areas could get 12 inches, said Don Keeney, an agricultural meteorologist with MDA Weather Services.
"It's not unusual for them to get snow (in late April) but it's unusual to see those amounts. So this is a pretty powerful storm," Keeney said.
Cold temperatures in the storm's wake pose a risk of freeze damage for 20 percent of the region's developing winter wheat crop by early Monday, the Commodity Weather Group said in a note to clients. Temperatures in western Kansas could drop into the mid to upper 20s Fahrenheit (minus 4 to minus 2 degrees Celsius).
In Kansas, the largest U.S. wheat state, 82 percent of the winter wheat had reached the "jointing" stage of growth by April 23, and 25 percent of the crop was in the "heading" stage, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said, leaving it vulnerable to freeze injury. [US/WHE]
Temperatures are expected to warm into the 70s by the end of next week, Keeney said.
The same storm system is expected to deposit 3 to 5 inches of rain broadly across southern Missouri, northern Arkansas, central and southern Illinois, western Indiana and western Tennessee. The "Bootheel" region of southeast Missouri could get 10 inches of rain, Keeney said.
Flooding was a risk in the region, where farmers have been planting corn and soybeans.
Following the storm, most next week should be much drier in the Midwest and mid-South, which should limit the threat of standing water in fields, the Commodity Weather Group's note said.
(Reporting by Julie Ingwersen; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Ostomy Care Accessories Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Ostomy Care Accessories Market by products (bags and accessories), by end user (ambulatory surgical centers, homecare settings, hospitals and some others), region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Ostomy Care Accessories Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Ostomy Care Accessories Market are B. Braun Melsungen AG, Coloplast Corp, Convatec, Smith & Nephew, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing, 3M, Nu-Hope Laboratories, and Other Companies. The global ostomy care market sized over USD 2.20 billion in 2016. The global ostomy care market is projected to reach USD X.xx billion by 2023, growing with a CAGR of 4.3% from 2017 to 2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/325
An ostomy surgery is also referred to as bowel diversion surgery. Colostomy, ileostomy, and urostomy are the three types of ostomy surgeries. An ostomy is a surgically created artificial opening on the wall of abdomen to discharge the wastes from either the bowel or the urinary tract in the body. Colonal cancer, Crohn's disease, diverticulosis, rectum cancer, trauma, malformations by birth, injury to small and large intestines, and other complicated medical conditions lead to need for ostomy for medical treatment and further recovery. For many of these conditions, the ostomy surgery is a permanent solution and it depends on the causes for surgery, while it is a temporary solution for other medical conditions. Ostomy is useful in even ulcerative colitis condition to remove liquid stool from the small intestine by attaching a rectal pouch. Adhesives, belts, cleanser, convex insert, cream, colostomy bags, deodorant, disposable bags, ileostomy bags, irrigation sets, one-piece bags, paste, powder, skin protection, skin barriers , two piece bags and urostomy bags are the major ostomy care accessories. Cleaning, drainage, lubrication, prevent odour, and sealing are some of the applications of the ostomy care accessories. To safely attach the ostomy pouch as well as wafer to the body with the enhancement of adhesion of pouching system, ostomy accessories such as adhesives, belts, and tapes are useful. Skin protection as well as skin barrier accessories are utilized for sticking wafer to the body properly and protect the areas around stoma sites underneath the wafer.
The Global Ostomy Care Market Sized Over USD 2.20 Billion in 2016
The global ostomy care market is projected to reach USD X.xx billion by 2023, growing with a CAGR of 4.3% from 2017 to 2023. The steady increase in ostomy surgeries among the older population is expected to drive the ostomy care accessories market. Occurrences of more gastrointestinal diseases globally are increasing the demand for better post-surgery healthcare facilities and it is expected to boost the growth of the global ostomy care accessories market. Owing to the increasing occurrence of bladder cancer, bowel cancer, as well as Chrohn's disease among people, the instances of ostomy surgeries increased significantly and it is driving the ostomy care accessories market. Improving awareness among public about technological advancements and ostomy care accessories is expected to enhance the potential of the ostomy care accessories market during the forecast period.
Paste and Powder Type of Accessories are expected to Attain The Highest Growth in the Global Ostomy Care Accessories Market
Skin protection and skin barriers accessories are expected to gain more volume share during the forecast period. Among ostomy care bags, colostomy bags are expected to achieve the largest share in terms of volume due to the increase in colon cancer patients and presence of larger aged population. The reusable and drainable type of ostomy bags are expected to achieve higher demand due to the availability of significant cost benefits. Due to the greater flexibility for use, the two-piece bags are expected to achieve more demand. Homecare settings segment are expected drive the growth of ostomy care accessories market, by garnering more value, due to the booming online sales of accessories, with free or low cost delivery services during the forecast period. The unreliable medical reimbursement system and the high costs of products are expected to pose restraints for the global ostomy care accessories market during the forecast period.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the global ostomy care market by product, procedure, end user, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented as bags and accessories. On the basis of procedure the global ostomy care market is segmented as colostomy, Ileostomy, and urostomy. Furthermore, based on end user, the market is segmented as ambulatory surgical centres, homecare settings, hospitals and some others.
The increase in per capita income allows more people to afford ostomy care accessories in the North American region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, EMEA, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. EMEA is the largest ostomy care accessories market. The increase in ailments such as bladder cancer, colorectal cancer, and inflammatory bladder disease along with the well-established system for medical reimbursements drive the growth of the EMEA an ostomy care accessories market. Moreover, the presence of huge aging population drives the demand for ostomy care accessories. The increase in per capita income allows more people to afford ostomy care accessories in the North American region. Moreover, the aging population in the region require ostomy care accessories for safe bowel movements due to various health conditions. Asia-Pacific region is the fastest growing market, as there is increase in demand for access to better ostomy healthcare facilities in South Asian and East Asian countries. There are opportunities for major market players to expand in the developing countries, as the awareness levels about ostomy care accessories are comparatively low and hence there are prospects for establishing new markets with proper awareness campaigns like in the established markets.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this market
The companies covered in the report include Alcare, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Coloplast Corp, Convatec, Smith & Nephew, Hollister, Marlen Manufacturing, 3M, Nu-Hope Laboratories, and Other Companies.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Ostomy Care Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Ostomy Care Accessories Market
4. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Product (USD million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Ostomy Care Bags
4.1.1 One-Piece Ostomy Bag
4.1.1.1 One-Piece Flat Bags
4.1.1.1.1 One-Piece Flat Closed Bags
4.1.1.1.2 One -Piece Flat Drainable Bags
4.1.1.1.3 One -Piece Flat Urostomy Bags
4.1.1.2 One -Piece Convex Bag
4.1.1.2.1 One -Piece Convex Drainable Bags
4.1.1.2.2 One -Piece Convex Urostomy Bags
4.1.2 Two-Piece Ostomy Bag
4.1.2.1 Two-Piece Flat Barriers
4.1.2.2 Two-Piece Convex Barriers
4.1.2.3 Two-Piece Pouches
4.1.2.3.1 Two-Piece Closed Pouches
4.1.2.3.2 Two-Piece Drainable Pouches
4.2 Ostomy Care Accessories
4.2.1 Adhesives
4.2.2 Belts and Girdles (Including Stoma Guard)
4.2.3 Others
5. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Procedure (USD million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Colostomy
5.2 Ileostomy
5.3 Urostomy
6. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by End User (USD million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 Hospitals and Clinics
6.2 Ambulatory Centers
6.3 Others
7. Global Ostomy Care Market Analysis, by Region (USD million) 2017 – 2023
7.1 North America
7.1.1 North America Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.1.2 North America Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.1.3 North America Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.2 EMEA
7.2.1 Europe Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.2.2 Europe Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.2.3 Europe Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.3 Asia-Pacific
7.3.1 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.3.2 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.3.3 Asia-Pacific Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
7.4 Latin America
7.4.1 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by Product (USD million)
7.4.2 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by Procedure (USD million)
7.4.3 Latin America Ostomy Care Market by End User (USD million)
8. Company Profiles
8.1 Alcare
8.2 B. Braun Melsungen AG
8.3 Coloplast Corp
8.4 Convatec
8.5 Smith & Nephew
8.6 Hollister
8.7 Marlen Manufacturing
8.8 3M
8.9 Nu-Hope Laboratories
8.10 Other Companies
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_ostomy_care_accessories_market
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
File photo: David Miliband, President and CEO of the International Rescue Committee, testifies during a Senate Foreign Relations hearing on the conflict in Syria on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 15, 2017.
LONDON (Reuters) - Former foreign secretary David Miliband called on Saturday for voters to be given a second referendum on whether Britain should leave the European Union.
Writing in the Observer newspaper Miliband, foreign minister under a Labour government between 2007 and 2010, called Brexit an "unparalleled act of economic self-harm" and said there should be another public vote once the final terms of Britain's exit are known.
Although no longer a serving British politician, Miliband - brother of former Labour leader Ed Miliband - is still seen as an influential centrist voice.
Their criticism joins that of a growing number of pro-EU figures from across the political spectrum who say Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit strategy is economically damaging and that voters should be given a chance to halt the process.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko on Friday urged the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to allow athletes whose doping bans were lifted in a court ruling to compete at this month's Pyeongchang Winter Games.
Twenty-eight Russian athletes had their Olympic doping bans overturned and results from the 2014 Sochi Winter Games reinstated after their appeals were upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Thursday, a decision that has sparked concern at the IOC and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)
In an interview with Reuters, Mutko said that Russia wanted to send 15 of the 28 athletes to compete in South Korea.
“We are counting on the International Olympic Committee's reason and straight-thinking,” Mutko said. “We are counting on them to consider the request of our Olympic Committee and our 15 athletes and that they are allowed to compete at the Games.”
The athletes whose bans were overturned include cross-country skiers Alexander Legkov, who won gold in the 50 km freestyle and silver in the 4x10 km relay, and speed skater Olga Fatkulina, who won gold in the 500 m.
The IOC, which has allowed 169 Russians to compete in Pyeongchang as independents following a ban against the country, said that the exoneration of these athletes by CAS did not necessarily mean they would be invited to Pyeongchang.
The Russians who compete in Pyeongchang will not be allowed to wear their country's colours or symbols, and if they win a gold medal, the Olympic anthem will be played.
Russia has vehemently denied the alleged existence of a state-sponsored doping system in the country. The allegations led to the IOC to ban the country from the Olympics for what is says was “systematic manipulation” of the anti-doping system at the 2014 Sochi Games.
Mutko said Russian authorities had nothing to do with the anti-doping laboratory in Sochi, stressing that WADA should be held responsible for its activities.
Mutko stressed that the tampering of samples by Russian security officials would have been impossible.
“It's impossible, what some people want to imagine,” said Mutko, who was banned for life from the Olympics by the IOC. “There were cameras at every step.”
The CAS ruling that cleared the 28 athletes backed the belief that there was no state-sponsored doping cover-up scheme in the country, Mutko said.
”This is a small element (of proof) that there was no such (state-sponsored doping) system,“ they said. ”We would like to hope that this decision will be respected by the world.
”Everyone wanted one decision, and it wasn't the one (they wanted).
“If their in no trust in our justice system, in our law enforcement agencies, in our witnesses, then maybe there will be trust in the Court of Arbitration for Sport. We consider this to be a very important decision.”
ACKNOWLEDGING MCLAREN‘S FINDINGS
Russia, however, has found itself struggling to fulfil all the criteria to reinstate its suspended athletics federation, anti-doping agency RUSADA and Paralympic Committee.
International sports bodies such as the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) require Russian authorities to publicly accept the findings of the McLaren report on the alleged existence of widespread state-sponsored doping in order to have the country reinstated.
The 2016 WADA-commissioned report by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren found that more than 1,000 Russian competitors in more than 30 sports were involved in a conspiracy to conceal positive drug tests over a period of five years.
Mutko said that Russia could not accept the report's findings, which they called “superficial and manipulated.”
“Speaking about WADA, they want us to acknowledge the McLaren report unconditionally. We cannot do that,” Mutko said. “CAS yesterday ruled to clear 28 athletes. This would betray them.”
Although Russia will not acknowledge the report's findings, Mutko said the country would continue to work with global sports bodies to combat doping in the country.
“We are open to dialogue and cooperation with WADA and the IOC,” they said. “We will continue supporting our athletes, to fight for clean sport. We are open. We are reliable partners in this. We never set a goal for ourselves of winning at all costs, as we are often portrayed.”
Mutko, who has appealed their lifetime ban from the Olympics, recently left their positions as the chairperson of the World Cup organising committee and president of the Russian Football Union.
However, they still oversee the government's participation in the hosting of the 2018 World Cup finals in 12 venues spread across 11 cities, including Moscow, St Petersburg and Sochi, from June 14 to July 15.
Mutko assured that preparations were on track and that the authorities were working to curb racist and discriminatory incidents in Russian soccer while ensuring crowd safety.
Hot, Dry Conditions Challenge Montana's Initial Attack Crews
A few miles north of Lincoln, wildfires are burning more than 9,000 acres along steep slopes full of thick brush and snags.
Matt Conklin is a Forest Service incident commander. They say these fires are among the few that escaped initial attacks to put them out.
Crews totaling around 500 people are now working to control the flames that erupted when lightning struck these mountains about a month ago. Fields of tents, command stations, and mobile kitchens and wash stations, scattered across an area just outside of town along Highway 200, keep the firefighting effort in constant motion.
“Initial attack is the cornerstone of fire suppression in all agencies," Conklin says. "I would say that 90 percent of all fires, once detected, are handled in initial attack. It's a very small percentage of those fires that go large and go into an extended attack.”
Once wildfires escape an initial attack, like those burning near Lincoln and other areas around the state, they can burn for weeks and cost tens of millions of dollars to contain. And Conklin says, when fires do escape initial attack, they make it harder for fire agencies to send crews out on new initial attacks.
“They have a draw on resources, but they still hold in reserve capacity for initial attack. It's still all land management agencies' goal to keep fires at initial attack. It's our best probability of success,” they say.
As the number of larger fires increases, David Hamilton with the State Department of Natural Resources and Conservation says it can exhaust some agencies' abilities to rush out to new fires.
“And eventually we just run out of resources. That has been the case in Montana this year where a lot of fires this year have gotten large because of where they started or because there just wasn't any resources left to go send to that fire, to start fighting that fire. There are reports in eastern Montana this year that there are fires that were unmanned for a day because there was nobody to send to the fire,” Hamilton says.
Initial attacks on wildfires can save a lot of money if they're successful. The DNRC spends about $15,5 million a year to fund initial attacks on fires across the state, according to DNRC officials. At this point, the state is spending between $1 million and $1.5 million a day fighting the wildfires as the number of larger fires grows.
As much of the Montana sky became a haze with wildfire smoke, the budget for firefighting in the state was cut roughly in half, because of declining state revenue. Although, DNRC officials say money won't handcuff this year's firefighting efforts because funding will be pulled from other areas of government. The federal government will also reimburse the state for some of its expenses.
John Huston with DNRC says the dry landscape this season is making it harder to stop smaller fires before becoming larger concerns.
“It's not so much that we've had a bunch of starts, it's just that the starts we've had have gotten big.”
As Huston talks about the summer heat, they occasionally try to ward off any bad luck coming their way by knocking on the large wooden table he's sitting next to in an DNRC office in Helena.
Most of the fires this season are getting bigger than in previous years they say, but it's been a little quieter in this area the last few weeks. They knock on wood.
While fires are tending to get bigger, the number of new fires actually starting is down this year compared to a 10 year average, they say. They knock on wood again.
Outside DNRC's Central Land office in Helena, Huston walks up a gravel path toward a white helicopter resting in an open field nearby.
It's one of five helicopters the DNRC has around the state to fight and respond to new wildfires. On a day like today — 85 degrees, with the last rain falling more than 40 days ago — Huston says he'd send this helicopter and two engines as soon as they got word of a new fire.
“We're going to hit it as hard and fast as we need to keep it small," Huston says. "Where in May and June when it's still green, we might just send one engine and that might be enough. Tying in with the local workforce with the volunteer fire departments in this valley and this county is amazing, the force that they can bring. None of us can do this alone, we overlap our protection with the county fire departments in a lot of places. And it works the same with the Forest Service, we all work together pretty well.”
Initial attacks on wildfires are a critical, and often chaotic, part of fighting fires. City, state, tribal and federal agencies are trying to come up with a plan and organize just as they're learning what's going on with a fire. Decisions at this point are often made on the hood of a pickup truck.
Huston says there are agreements between agencies to allow firefighters, and some of DNRC's equipment, to go wherever they are needed.
Although, a point of contention between the state and federal government in recent fire seasons is that the five helicopters that Huston mentioned earlier aren't allowed to fight fire on federal land, except in life-threatening situations.
Huston say's it's above their pay grade to get into the details.
Earlier this year, Montana's Environmental Quality Council sent a letter to the feds urging an end to what was described by the state council as an illogical bureaucratic technicality.
Huston says the DNRC's goal is to keep 95 percent of wildfires at 10 acres or fewer.
“And that's mostly just because large fires cost more money and long durations. So that's our goal. Doesn't say it always happens, especially years like this one where our fuels are so dry, it's really tough to do that. We're probably not going to make our goal this year.”
Mid-August tends to be the peak of Montana's fire season, as forests and rangelands turn dry with the summer heat. But the state has already been in extreme fire condition for weeks. Critical conditions for fire season began ahead of normal. And while the vast majority of wildfires are still being put out quickly in initial attacks, in this year's heat, it's not as easy to stop fire from spreading.
More Montana wildfire news
2017 Northern Rockies Fire Season Assessment and Outlook
TOKYO Broadcom Ltd (AVGO.O) offered about 2.5 trillion yen ($23 billion) for Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) chip unit, the highest among 10 or so bidders who participated in the first round of offers, a source briefed on the matter said.
Taiwan's Foxconn (2317.TW) made the second highest offer, of about 2 trillion yen, the source said, declining to be identified as they were not authorized to speak on the matter publicly.
Broadcom and Foxconn were among four suitors selected to proceed to the second round, several sources said, adding that Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP.
South Korea's SK Hynix Inc (000660.KS) and Toshiba's chip joint venture partner Western Digital Corp (WDC.O) are the other suitors, but Western Digital's offer was far lower than those of Broadcom and Foxconn, the source said.
The size of SK Hynix's offer was not immediately known.
Toshiba has said it needs to sell most or all of the prized business to cover charges related to U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric that threaten the Japanese conglomerate's future.
Representatives for Broadcom, Silver Lake, Foxconn and Western Digital could not be reached immediately for comment outside of regular business hours. A Toshiba spokesperson declined to comment on the specifics of the sale process.
(Reporting by Taro Fuse; Writing by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AON Plc:
* AON REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.04 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 10 PERCENT TO $2.9 BILLION
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.35 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $6.52
* SEES FY 2018 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE MORE THAN $7.97
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.53
* RESTRUCTURING EXPENSES WERE $96 MILLION IN Q4, PRIMARILY DRIVEN BY WORKFORCE REDUCTIONS AND OTHER GENERAL INITIATIVES
* ‍WE BELIEVE WE ARE ON TRACK TO EXCEED $7.97 OF ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE IN 2018​
* ‍ BELIEVE ON TRACK TO DELIVER DOUBLE-DIGIT FREE CASH FLOW GROWTH OVER LONG-TERM​
* ‍INCREASED ITS ESTIMATED INVESTMENT FROM $900 MILLION TO $1,175 MILLION IN TOTAL CASH OVER A THREE-YEAR PERIOD​
* QTRLY TOTAL ORGANIC REVENUE INCREASED 6% COMPARED TO PRIOR YEAR PERIOD
* AON - BEFORE POTENTIAL SAVINGS REINVESTMENT, RESTRUCTURING, OTHER INITIATIVES NOW EXPECTED TO DELIVER RUN-RATE SAVINGS OF $450 MILLION ANNUALLY IN 2019
* ‍ TO DATE, COMPANY HAS INCURRED $497 MILLION, OR 48% OF TOTAL ESTIMATED RESTRUCTURING CHARGES​
* ‍CO EXPECTS THAT U.S. TAX REFORM WILL HAVE MODEST UPWARD PRESSURE ON ITS EFFECTIVE TAX RATE​
* UPON EVALUATING PROGRESS OF RESTRUCTURING PROGRAM, CO INCREASED ESTIMATED INVESTMENT TO $1,175 MILLION IN TOTAL CASH OVER 3-YEAR PERIOD
* ‍RESTRUCTURING SAVINGS IN Q4 RELATED TO RESTRUCTURING, OTHER OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENT INITIATIVES WERE $56 MILLION, BEFORE POTENTIAL REINVESTMENT​
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.35, REVENUE VIEW $2.83 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $8.02 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* EFFECTIVE TAX RATE USED IN Q4 U.S. GAAP FINANCIALS INCLUDED $345 MILLION OF ADDITIONAL TAX EXPENSE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The town of Johnston plans to renovate one of its oldest parks. What is known as the old JC's Park will soon get a make-over thanks to a grant given to the town.
It is hard for small towns like Johnston to pay for projects like this, but a master plan drawn up two years ago is now a reality. The town received a $50,000 grant. The money was raised by the alumni group of Leadership South Carolina.
Johnston competed with 271 towns and cities like Columbia and Charleston for the grant. It's a huge deal for Johnston to be selected.
Mayor Terrence Culbreath says, "You have to do proper planning especially in a small town because most people count you out. They told me there hasn't been a town your size to even come to us and try and do this. I asked 'why not?' Because they just don't. Well, I said I go to everybody, anybody that can help Johnston I'm there."
As of now, the future plans are to create a parking lot and pave a quarter-mile walking trail. Kids will also get updated playground equipment.
The Mayor says more green space is needed as well, to hold functions at the park. So they are taking down fences and removing trees.
There have been a lot of questions from residents about whether a pool will be included. The Mayor says that's not part of the immediate plans, as pools take a lot of money to maintain.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
May 3 U.S. agricultural trader Bunge Ltd reported a fall in its first-quarter profit as weak demand from South America weighed on margins in its agribusiness.
Net income attributable to Bunge fell to $47 million in the first quarter ended March 31, from $235 million, a year earlier.
On a per-share basis, profit from continuing operations was 31 cents in the latest reported quarter, down from $1.60 per share, a year ago. (Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru and Karl Plume in Chicago; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
LONDON, March 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - British politicians lambasted a popular tabloid for "moronic" sexism on Tuesday after it splashed a photo of Prime Minister Theresa May and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's legs across the front page with the headline "Never mind Brexit, who won Legs-it!"
The public also took to social media to denounce the mid-market tabloid for focussing on the two leaders' legs when they met to discuss Britain's departure from the European Union and a potential referendum on Scottish independence.
"The 1950s called and asked for their headline back.#everydaysexism," tweeted Labour parliamentarian Ed Miliband using a hashtag for hightlighting women's experiences of sexism.
Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party, tweeted: "It's 2017. This sexism must be consigned to history. Shame on the Daily Mail", while veteran Labour lawmaker Harriet Harman branded the coverage "moronic".
The paper featured more photos of the two leaders inside above another headline: "Finest weapons at their command? Those pins!"
A columnist described Sturgeon's legs as "altogether more flirty, tantalisingly crossed ... a direct attempt at seduction".
The coverage generated a torrent of criticism on Twitter with members of the public branding it as "utterly puerile" and "sexist, derogatory trash journalism".
"Has anyone told the #DailyMail that we put the clocks forward by an hour, not back 3 decades?" one woman tweeted, referring to the country's switch to British Summer Time at the weekend.
The Daily Mail, which has a circulation of 1.45 million and reaches millions more online, backed Brexit in last year's referendum on Britain's EU membership.
Sturgeon, who heads Edinburgh's devolved government, wants Scotland to hold a referendum on independence before Britain leaves the European Union. (Editing by Ros Russell; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures added to losses on Friday after data showed job growth surged in January and wages increased further, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher and pushing up bond yields further.
Futures snapshot at 8:31 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were down 244 points, or 0.93 percent, with 72,417 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 22 points, or 0.78 percent, with 292,666 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 36.75 points, or 0.53 percent, on volume of 89,568 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza)
ABUJA The United States has agreed to sell fighter jets to Nigeria to help in its fight against Boko Haram and talks underway include possible U.S. assistance in training, surveillance and military intelligence sharing, a senior Nigerian military official said on Monday.
"Yes, I can confirm to you that the U.S. has agreed to sell some fighter jets to us to support in the ongoing insurgency war," said the official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
"The ongoing negotiation is not only in the supply of fighter jets but also assistance in training, surveillance and military intelligence," the official added.
(Reporting by Felix Onuah in Abuja; Writing by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by James Dalgleish)
April 12 Polish media group Cyfrowy Polsat SA said:
* Cyfrowy's unit Litenite will redeem on April 26 bonds that were originally due in 2022
* Early redemption worth 886.704 million zlotys ($222 million)plus premium for early redemption at 58.658 million zlotys
* Cyfrowy says redemption to have "one-off, negative impact on consolidated net profit of Cyfrowy Polsat Group to the amount of around 59 million zlotys" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 4.0001 zlotys) (Reporting by Marcin Goettig; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
A Visa logo is seen on a car during a news conference in Rome, Italy May 17, 2016 REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Visa Inc (V.N) on Thursday reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and said it expects full-year profit at the high end of its forecast, as it benefits from the purchase of Visa Europe and big credit-card portfolio wins back home.
Shares of Visa, the world's largest payments network operator, were up 2.5 percent at $93.45 in trading after the bell, after it also announced a $5 billion share buyback program.
The company said total payments volume jumped 37.2 percent to $1.73 trillion in the second quarter ended March 31, on a constant dollar basis.
San Francisco-based Visa, like rival MasterCard (MA.N) generates revenue by facilitating credit- and debit-card transactions.
The growth in payments volume was helped by the addition to Visa's results of Visa Europe, a former subsidiary Visa bought in June last year in a deal worth as much as $23 billion.
Visa Europe made up nearly a fifth of total payments volume.
Payments volume in the United States, Visa's biggest market, increased 11.7 percent on a constant dollar basis, helped both by major portfolio contracts and a stronger economy.
Warehouse club retailer Costco (COST.O) and USAA, one of the largest U.S. issuers of credit and debit cards, switched their card portfolios to Visa last year, in a competitive environment where large portfolios are hotly sought-after by payment networks.
A healthier U.S. economy, which has seen strong jobs growth and rising incomes in the first quarter of 2017, bodes well for consumer spending — a key economic indicator for payments processors like Visa.
The trends, while boosting quarterly profit and revenue, also helped Visa update its full-year forecast. The company now expects adjusted profit at the high end of its forecast for a mid-teens percentage point increase.
Visa also said it expects full-year revenue at the high end of its forecast for a 16-18 percent increase.
Net income fell to $430 million or 18 cents per Class A share in the second quarter, from $1.71 billion or 71 cents per Class A share, a year earlier, reflecting a $1.5 billion one-time charge related to Visa Europe.
Excluding one-time items, Visa earned 86 cents per Class A share, beating analysts' average estimate of 79 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net operating revenue rose 23.5 percent to $4.48 billion. Analysts on average had expected $4.29 billion.
Visa's stock — a Dow component — had climbed 12.3 percent in the 12 months through Thursday.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Falling leaves drift by my window, Autumn leaves of red and gold. Sitting in the parlour at my lovely home, Rose Cottage, I look at my darling wife, the illustrious Madame G., pottering about in the kitchen, preparing our dinner and I sigh. What season are we in- you and I, Madame? Not Spring, that's for sure. Late Summer at best.
A sobering thought and sobriety is the last thing you want when contemplating love, life and your mortality, not just as an individual but also as a couple.
So I pour myself a second, third, maybe fourth glass of today's WINE OF THE WEEK, the rustic, complex and deftly spiced 2014 Chateau Saint Antoine Edith Bordeaux Superieur (£9.99, Lidl).
This unusually vigorous, dark claret has a rich, smoky palate, full of black cherry and plum flavours alongside backnotes of woody herbs and dry tannins.
Should be an ideal match to the medium rare steak, chips, sauteed onions and mushrooms in a sumptuous bone marrow jus that my beautiful Madame is currently rustling up for me.
One advantage of my profession is that I get sent wine from far and wide at no expense to myself. Wine which you will have to order in, pay for and await delivery of but if you're serious about wine you'll understand that it's often worth the effort. Especially if it's today's second recommendation, the elegant, supple and wonderfully expressive 2016 Brindisi Rosato Vigni Flaminio, Vallone (£7.75, thewinesociety.com or telephone 01438-741177).
This soft, aromatic and delightfully tangy Italian rose (yes, we sophisticats now drink rose all year round as long as it's sufficiently robust) has lots of redcurrant and raspberry flavours with underlying hints of black pepper.
One to enjoy on the porch with your ciabatta, salami and olives, watching the sun set. Some cheese wouldn't hurt.
Lovers of white wine, I will never forget you! I tend to drink white mostly in the brighter months myself but my Madame's an all-year-rounder so today's final recommendation is the easy-drinking versatile and gloriously refreshing 2014 Soave Classico (£8.50, M&S).
This fabulously fresh, zesty Italian white is full of bright citrus and peach flavours on a lively palate alongside notes of almond and hazelnut before a lingering, finish. One for salmon, champ and a medley of seasonal vegetables with a classic beurre blanc and some capers please, Madame.
Seasons pass, age withers and changes us and those we love which is perhaps life's greatest disappointment. To lose the strength or beauty we once had, to watch it happen to the ones we love.
Still, it hardly matters now, does it? It's an old tale, common as muck and sure it's all just a bit of auld craic anyway. That might be the answer. I'm sure if I keep on pouring I'll find the answer down here somewhere. Perhaps it's right down at the very bottom of the bottle.
Till next week, tipplers, sante!
RABAT, March 29 Morocco's National Investment Co (SNI) an investment holding firm controlled by the country's monarchy, reported a 34 percent increase in net profit, helped by capital gains from a merger between Lafarge Ciments and Holcim Maroc, it said in a statement on Wednesday.
Net profit attributable to shareholders rose to 4.43 billion Moroccan dirhams ($43.11 million) from 3.31 billion dirhams a year earlier, a financial statement published in the Le Matin newspaper, which is close to the palace. ($1 = 9.9746 Moroccan dirham) (Reporting by Samia Errazzouki; writing by Patrick Markey)
March 28 Banca Sistema SpA:
* Board approves issuance of Tier II subordinated bond of 14 million euros ($15.19 million), reserved for institutional investors in private placement
* The bond has a 10-year maturity, with a six-monthly EURIBOR 6M + 450bps coupon and early redemption option in case of a regulatory event
* The settlement will be carried out on March 30
* The issue to be subscribed by Fondazione Pisa, which holds a 7.40 pct share in the company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9214 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Dollar index pulls away from 4-1/2-month lows
* Fed speakers remind markets of rate hike plans
* Sterling braces for formal filing of Brexit launch
TOKYO, March 29 The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket on Wednesday as solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year, while sterling was knocked by concern about Britain's impending exit from the European Union.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major rival currencies, edged up 0.1 percent to 99.754, It moved off a low of 98.858 plumbed earlier this week, its weakest level since Nov. 11, in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare reform bill.
The healthcare stumble raised doubts that Trump would be able to carry out their fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, and pressured the dollar to 110.11 yen, its lowest since Nov. 18. It last stood at 111.17 yen, up slightly on the day.
"I think the optimism about 'Trumponomics,' against the failure to pass the Obamacare reform bill, is still dominating the dollar/yen market," said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
"The dollar has been quite resilient, and this shows that optimism and hope among market participants remains, that some things will happen under the Trump administration," Yamamoto said.
U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer also gave the dollar a lift as they said in a television interview that two more increases to U.S. overnight interest rates this year seemed "about right."
The Fed raised rates in March, and a majority of the central bank's policymakers foresee at least two more increases this year.
Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Tuesday that the collapse of the healthcare overhaul efforts had made the U.S. central bank's job harder as it tries to anticipate which set of policies would pass.
Reinforcing rate hike expectations, the Conference Board said the U.S. consumer confidence index hit 125.6 in March, surpassing expectations for a reading of 114 and much higher than 116.1 in February. The March level marked the highest since December 2000.
Sterling wallowed at one-week lows, down 0.4 percent at $1.2403 as investors braced for British Prime Minister Theresa May's move later on Wednesday to formally file paperwork to leave the European Union.
Investors were also assessing news that Scotland's parliament had backed a vote for independence but that the British government would not enter independence negotiations.
Further weighing on the pound, Bank of England interest rate-setter Ian McCafferty highlighted a weak outlook for the economy on Tuesday, and said they did not know if they would vote to increase borrowing costs at the next BoE meeting in May.
The euro was steady on the day at $1.0814.
(Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
GOTHENBURG, Sweden, April 6 Sweden's SKF, the world's largest maker of industrial bearings, said on Thursday it was not changing its demand forecast for the first quarter, despite some investor expectations of an update with the quarter now gone.
"I am not going to give any new guidance," SKF Chief Executive Alrik Danielson said at a presentation for investors, analysts and media at the group's capital markets day in Gothenburg.
The firm, which counts Germany's Schaeffler AG as its top rival, in February forecast slightly higher demand compared to the year-ago quarter, by which it typically means growth of 2-4 percent in sales volumes.
Some investors had expected SKF to signal higher growth than forecast following strong manufacturing gauges and other lead indicators in its main markets in recent months.
SKF shares fell 1.4 percent at 0940 GMT, underperforming a 0.3 percent drop in the STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Index. (Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom, editing by Terje Solsvik)
April 6 Hooker Furniture Corp:
* Fourth quarter sales and earnings surge lifts hooker furniture's fiscal year
* Q4 sales rose 187.2 percent to $173.9 million
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.95
* Hooker Furniture - "based on improvements we've seen in our business over last two quarters, we are fairly bullish about foreseeable future" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
An EasyJet passenger aircraft makes its final approach for landing in Colomiers near Toulouse, Southwestern France, November 24, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
LONDON Britain's easyJet (EZJ.L) said it wanted a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the European Union as a minimum in a Brexit deal.
The low-cost airline also said it was close to announcing its licence application for a EU Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) that will ensure it can maintain its flying rights within the EU once Britain leaves.
Britain formally triggered the process of leaving the EU on Wednesday, and many airlines fear disruption if a aviation deal is not sorted quickly.
"When the UK leaves the EU, easyJet's minimum requirement will be a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement between the UK and the EU which will allow UK airlines to fly to Europe and European airlines to fly to the UK," easyJet said in a statement.
Irish airline Ryanair (RYA.I) said flights between Britain and the EU risked being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritise a new aviation deal in Brexit negotiations.
EasyJet said it would have three AOCs - UK, Swiss and EU - in the future, which will protect all its current network of flights.
However headquarters would remain in Luton, just north of London, the statement said, and it would remain listed on the London Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout, Editing by Paul Sandle)
Cast member Christian Bale and their wife Sibi Blazic pose at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Christian Bale poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cher poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Television personality Kim Kardashian poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Television personality Kim Kardashian poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Television personality Kim Kardashian poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cher waves at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Television personality Kim Kardashian poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Charlotte Le Bon poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Actor Orlando Bloom poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Actor Sylvester Stallone waves at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member James Cromwell poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Actor Sylvester Stallone poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast members Angela Sarafyan (L), Charlotte Le Bon (C) and Shohreh Aghdashloo pose at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Director of the movie Terry George poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Angela Sarafyan poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Television personality Kim Kardashian (L) and sister Kourtney Kardashian pose at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Charlotte Le Bon poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Christian Bale and their wife Sibi Blazic pose at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cher (R) and television personality Kim Kardashian attend the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cher (R), television personality Kim Kardashian (C) and Kourtney Kardashian pose at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Cast member Angela Sarafyan poses at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Singer Cher (R) poses with television personalities Kim Kardashian (C) and Kourtney Kardashian at the premiere of 'The Promise' in Los Angeles, California, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
LOS ANGELES Celebrities of Armenian descent including Cher and the Kardashians lent their support this week to "The Promise," a period drama centered around the massacre of Christian Armenians during World War One in what is now Turkey. "The Promise," out in U.S. theaters on April 21, stars Oscar Isaac as an Armenian medical student and Christian Bale as an American foreign correspondent, both of whom fall in love with the same woman.
Their love triangle unfolds as the Ottoman Empire's entry into the war is followed by the 1915 massacre of Christian Armenians.
"So many people, when confronted with a period film, they tend to ask that question 'why is this still relevant?'" Bale told Reuters at Wednesday's red carpet premiere in Los Angeles.
"You only have to look at the news to see sadly how relevant this story still is," they added.
Terry George, who directed 2004 Oscar-nominated historical drama "Hotel Rwanda," said shooting "The Promise" coincided with news of Yazidi refugees besieged by Islamic militants in northern Iraq and the mass exodus of Syrians attempting to flee the war-torn country for Europe.
"As we were shooting, we were watching the same events in the same location - people under siege in the mountains and drowning in the Mediterranean," George said.
The nature and scale of the massacre of Christian Armenians remains a contentious issue.
Turkey accepts that many Armenians died in partisan fighting beginning in 1915, but denies that up to 1.5 million were killed and that this constituted an act of genocide, a term used by many Western historians and foreign parliaments.
Singer Cher, whose father was Armenian-American, joined reality TV stars Kim and Kourtney Kardashian at the premiere.
"There is something about people when they don't see other people as human beings, then they objectify and then they can do anything to them," Cher said about the massacre.
"Westworld" actor Angela Sarafyan, who plays Isaac's wife in the film and is of Armenian descent, described the role as very personal.
"My great-great-grandparents fled to Syria, Aleppo to survive and to start a family and today, people from Syria, Aleppo leave to other places so they can live," they said.
"One hundred years have gone by and that is still happening," they added.
(Reporting by Ben Gruber for Reuters TV; Editing by Piya Sinha-Roy and Matthew Lewis)
The Saturdays star said the dance show had been an incredible journey.
Mollie King has said they are still breaking down in tears a day after they were eliminated from Strictly Come Dancing.
The Saturdays star and their professional partner AJ Pritchard received their marching orders from the BBC show at the weekend.
The singer narrowly missed out on a place in the final after losing the dance-off to Gemma Atkinson.
Speaking on spin off show It Takes Two, King said: “We are so sad. And we keep getting these moments of crying.
“We've just had the most incredible journey.”
King, 30, admitted they had been terrified going into the semi-finals of the programme.
“The nerves were just crazy,” they said. “I think the nerves really got to me.”
But they added that being there was also “so exciting”.
“I've loved learning everything from AJ, they have been the most incredible teacher,” they said. “I've loved dancing. I never realised how much I would love dancing.”
Atkinson will now appear in the Strictly final along with Joe McFadden, Debbie McGee and Alexandra Burke.
The Strictly Come Dancing Grand Final airs at 6.30pm on Saturday on BBC One.
© Press Association 2017
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
May 2 Tiscali SpA:
* Reported on Friday FY revenue 207.2 million euros ($226.20 million) versus 202.1 million euros a year ago
* FY net loss 45.0 million euros versus loss 18.5 million euros
* FY net loss widened due to 19 mln euro amortizations for fixed wireless network in FY 2016, 7 mln euro losses for discontinued activities in FY 2016, and 12.8 mln euro positive impact on FY 2015 due to a one-off entry
* To focus for the next few months on core business in order to strengthen its presence on the Italian market of fixed and mobile broadband
Source text: bit.ly/2qzn5v7
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9160 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LPC: Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK, June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies' US$1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility, even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market.
Ann Tillage photo by David Humphreys Photography
End
-- Big Buddy is a mentoring program that has been providing positive role models and quality learning experiences for the underserved children and youth of Baton Rouge. Modeled after the hit ABC TV show, "Dancing with the Stars", Big Buddy's premier annual fundraising event, "Dancing with Big Buddy", helps fund mentoring programs in Baton Rouge, LA. Big Buddy Program is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.The charity event will take place at the Pete Maverick Assembly Center on April 29, 2017. This event will feature community leaders and prominent citizens of the region as they present live ballroom dance performances with their professional dance partners. Ann Tillage, a designer and Owner of Sharmooz, is an honored "Star Dancer" at the 11annual event.Ann Tillage was born and raised in Los Angeles, CA. Them company specializes in satin beauty accessories and custom designs. Additionally, they were a Big Buddy in the Level Up program for teens and they are the founder of Mobile Fashion Camps; a community program that mentors girls while developing creative and positive outlets through sewing, fashion and STEM.For more information, please visit: http://www.dancingforbigbuddy.com
Bob Fisher
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) – Avisail Garcia had a career-high four hits, including an opposite-field, two-run homer in the 10th inning that led the Chicago White Sox over the Minnesota Twins 3-1 on Sunday. Leury Garcia doubled off Ryan Pressly (0-2) leading off the 10th and advanced on Tyler Saladino's sacrifice. Jose Abreu struck out and Garcia drove a high fastball over the seats and into the right field plaza. Nate Jones (1-0) struck out two in a perfect ninth, and David Robertson fanned their first two batters in a 1-2-3 10th for their third save in as many chances. Brian Dozier hit an inside-the-park home run for the Twins. The Twins continue their homestand this week with four games against Cleveland followed by a weekend series with Detroit. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday games against Cleveland start with the pre-game at 6:30 with first pitch at 7:10 on AM-1300 KGLO, with Thursday being a 12:10 first pitch with an 11:30 pre-game on KGLO.
ESTHERVILLE – The NIACC baseball team swept a conference doubleheader from Iowa Lakes on Saturday night. NIACC (24-14 overall, 8-6 in the ICCAC) won the first game 9-6 and took the nightcap 7-4. In the first game, first-year student Bryce Ball was 4 for 5, including a solo home run, with three runs scored. Freshman Mitch Neunborn also homered and drove in three runs. Brandon Michie and Matt Schwarz both collected two hits each for the Trojans. Brandon Williamson (4-0) gained the complete-game win for the Trojans. They allowed five runs (three earned) with seven strikeouts and one walk in seven innings of work. In the second game, Schwarz and Ben Komonsky both drove in two runs for NIACC. Michie was 2 for 4, including a double, with two runs scored and one RBI. Tyler Lien (4-2) gained the win for NIACC. They allowed three runs with three strikeouts and two walks in five innings of work. NIACC and Iowa Lakes (13-22, 1-9) wrap up their four-game series on Monday.
LINCOLN, NEBRASKA — The University of Iowa baseball team took two of three games at Nebraska over the weekend. Mitchell Boe's RBI single in the 10th gave Iowa a 7-6 series-opening win on Friday night. On Saturday, Iowa used a three-run seventh inning to give them a 5-3 victory. Mason City native Ryan Erickson picked up their first win of the year on Saturday, allowing three runs, two of those earned, on six hits, and striking out six. On Sunday, Nebraska plated three runs in the bottom of the 8th to give them an 8-6 win. Iowa is now 22-12 overall and 5-4 in conference play and will travel to Bradley for a non-conference mid-week matchup on Wednesday.
ST. LOUIS (AP) – Jaden Schwartz scored the go-ahead goal in the second period and Jake Allen made 40 saves to lead the St. Louis Blues to a 3-1 win over the Minnesota Wild on Sunday for a 3-0 lead in their first-round playoff series. Colton Parayko also scored for the Blues and Alexander Steen added an empty-netter for St. Louis, which will try to sweep the series Wednesday night in St. Louis. Charlie Coyle scored for Minnesota, which got 28 saves from Devan Dubnyk. Schwartz had a power-play goal at 15:19 of the second period to put the Blues one win away from the second round. They scored with 2:27 left in the third period of Game 2 to give St. Louis the 2-1 win.
DES MOINES — One of the oldest records at the Drake Relays could be in jeopardy later this month. Relays director Blake Bolden says they have put together a field for the men's 1500 meters that has the potential to set a new mark.
http://kglonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/4-17-mmile-1.mp3
Leading the field will be two time Drake champion Clayton Murphy, who won Bronze in the 800 at the Rio Olympics.
United Airlines issued an apology after a video was released of a Houston-based employee pushing a 71-year-old passenger to the floor during an argument over a ticket.
The man was left lying there motionless.
The confrontation took place about two years ago but was detailed in a lawsuit filed last week in Harris County, Texas. The airline is still facing fallout over an incident with David Dao, a passenger who was violently dragged off a flight in Chicago in April.
The video of the Texas pushing incident was obtained and broadcast Tuesday evening by Houston news station KPRC.
Advertisement
The passenger, Ronald Tigner, a Houston lawyer, is suing United and two of its employees for more than $1 million, alleging negligence in the incident that took place July 21, 2015, at George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston.
In response to the video, United released a statement to KPRC saying it is "disturbed by the completely unacceptable behavior shown in a video of a customer and a former United employee." The employee is no longer with the company, according to the statement.
"The actions shown here do not reflect our core values or our commitment to treat all of our customers with respect and dignity," United's statement read. "We are reviewing all circumstances surrounding this incident and reaching out to our customer through their attorney to profusely apologize for what occurred and to make this right."
The encounter began when Tigner received a boarding pass that was illegible. They made "numerous attempts" to ask for a reprinted pass, but United agents denied them one, according to the lawsuit.
They were told to continue on to the security checkpoint, where Transportation Security Administration authorities refused to let Tigner enter because of their poorly printed pass.
So Tigner went back to the United ticketing area and tried once more to get a new ticket, the lawsuit states. Two United employees, Alejandro Anastasia and Ianthe Phillips-Allred, allegedly refused to help Tigner, laughing and cursing at him, the lawsuit states.
Tigner's attorney, William Hoke, told KPRC that when Tigner asked Anastasia for a new ticket, they replied with a smile, saying, "Can't you see I'm busy?"
Tigner then told Anastasia to "wipe that smile off your face," Hoke said, to which Anastasia responded with an obscenity.
Then, Anastasia "suddenly, unexpectedly and violently injured" Tigner, the lawsuit alleges.
Surveillance video shows the United employee checking their watch, turning toward Tigner and pushing them to the floor. Tigner remains there motionless on their back, their legs and arms spread out. Meanwhile, a couple of people who appear to be airline employees stand near Tigner.
But for about 50 seconds, no one appears to bend down to help Tigner, until a woman - identified by Tigner's lawyer as a flight passenger and nurse - walks over to check on him.
A United employee later called 911, telling the operator, "There's a 70 year old male that had fallen down," according to a 911 call published by KPRC. When the operator asked the employee what caused the fall and if the man was awake, the caller said they did not know.
Anastasia was later charged with a felony of injuring an elderly individual, KPRC reported. They were fined and ordered to attend anger-management classes and apologize to Tigner.
The lawsuit alleges the confrontation caused Tigner to sustain "severe personal injuries and damages," and incur medical expenses and lost wages. It says the altercation left them with "physical disfigurement" and caused them to experience "mental anguish."
It also says that nothing Tigner did or failed to do "caused or contributed to the incident."
The lawsuit follows a number of high-profile controversies involving United, and the airline industry as a whole. In April, Dao refused to give up their seat on an overbooked United flight and was dragged off bloodied and limp, to the disgust of other passengers who captured it on video. Dao suffered a concussion, broken nose and two missing teeth, among other injuries, The Washington Post reported.
Since then, other airlines have come under fire for kicking a family off a flight due to a dispute over a birthday cake and booting a passenger from a plane for using a restroom.
One of the most recent confrontations also involved Houston-based United Airlines agents, who told Yennifer Correia they would have to check their 17th-century violin.
A "wrestling match" ensued, The Post reported, leaving Correia with an injured hand.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
April 10 Pragma Faktoring SA:
* In Q1 value of contracted factoring services at 179.6 million zlotys ($44.89 million), up 34 percent year on year
* Signs contracts with 57 new clients in Q1
* Total value of liabilities in portfolio at 144.0 million zlotys on March 31, up 41 percent year on year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 4.0012 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 MHP SA:
* Has priced its USD 500 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75 percent notes due May 10, 2024
* The proceeds to be used to finance its tender for up to $350 mln notes due 2020 and for short-term debt refinancing, general corporate purposes and to finance the expansion and diversification of its poultry and grain businesses Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Diamondback Energy Inc
* Diamondback Energy, Inc. Announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 earnings per share $1.46
* Q1 revenue $235 million versus I/B/E/S view $218.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.60 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Diamondback Energy Inc says Q1 2017 production of 61.6 mboe/d (75% oil), up 19% over q4 2016 with 13% quarterly organic growth
* Diamondback Energy Inc says Diamondback expects full year 2017 production to be between 69.0 mboe/d and 76.0 mboe/d
* Sees a total capital budget of between $800.0 million to $1.0 billion in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
By our correspondent
DUBAI: Smartworld, a leading systems integrator and next generation ICT services provider, has been honored with five prestigious awards from Etisalat, underlining the company's strong commitment to excel and ceaselessly work toward delivering the best quality services to its clients across the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Abdulqader Obaid Ali, Chief Executive Officer, Smartworld, said: “We are honoured to have received these prestigious awards from Etisalat. Our strong teamwork, dedication to provide an unparalleled customer experience and innovative culture have led to this achievement. Recognition on this platform from Etisalat further motivates us to continue on our path to excellence.
Ebrahim Al Ali, Executive Director, Etisalat channel Partnership at Smartworld said: “It is the inspiration and guidance from the UAE's wise leadership and the company's mission, which constantly motivate us to excel. Driven by this guidance, the entire team was ceaselessly focused on achieving the targets. The recognition is indeed the fruit of our hard work and we are committed to continue enhancing our services and performance.”
Etisalat's SMB Business Partner Awards is a program where premium business partners are recognized for their dedication, performance and support to Small and Medium Businesses (SMBs) across the UAE.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
STOCKHOLM, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Three people were arrested early on Sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Gothenburg, a spokesperson for the Swedish Prosecution Authority said.
There were no reports of injuries and the fire did not reach the synagogue or an adjacent meeting house where Jewish youths had gathered when the attack took place late on Saturday, Swedish media reported.
The spokesperson gave no motive for the attack. It was not clear if it was linked to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Security for synagogues in Stockholm have been raised after the incident in Gothenburg, news agency TT reported. (Reporting by Olof Swahnberg; Editing by Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
April 6 Unilever Plc
* Combining foods and refreshment into one organisation, unlocking future growth and faster margin progression
* Reconfirming our commitment to a proven long-term model of compounding growth and sustainable value creation
* Establishing a net debt / ebitda target of 2x and launching a share buy-back of eur 5 billion this year
* Accelerating connected 4 growth and targeting a 20% underlying operating margin, before restructuring, by 2020
* Raising dividend by 12%, reflecting increased confidence in outlook for profit growth and cash generation
* Support our business with a higher level of leverage, while retaining benefits of a strong credit rating
* This will enable us to enhance value for shareholders through increased capital returns, while maintaining operational and strategic flexibility
* For 2017, we remain on track to deliver underlying sales growth ahead of our markets, in 3-5% range, and we expect an underlying operating margin improvement of at least 80bps
* Target an overall underlying operating margin, which excludes restructuring, of 20% by 2020
* Future of spreads business now lies outside group
* Will look to increase our strategic flexibility for further portfolio optimisation through a review of dual-headed legal structure, with a view to simplifying it
* We maintain our full year outlook of underlying sales growth of 3-5% in continued challenging market conditions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (London newsroom)
CAIRO Air strikes in northern Sinai have killed 19 members of Egypt's Islamic State affiliate, including three of its leaders, the Egyptian military said on Thursday.
Islamic State this week claimed an attack on security forces near St. Catherine's Monastery in the south Sinai, the latest incident in a spate of Islamist violence targeting Egypt's Christian minority in recent months.
Egypt is tightening security ahead of a visit by Pope Francis next week as a result of suicide bombings this month on two Christian churches, also claimed by Islamic State, that marked one of the bloodiest days for the country's Christians in decades.
In a statement on its official Facebook page, the military said the air strikes were directed at militants in Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, which pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014 and adopted the name Sinai Province. Officials have blamed the group for killing hundreds of Egyptian soldiers and police since then.
The military did not name the leaders it had killed in the strikes, but described one as among the group's most prominent members, and another as the head of its sharia law committee. The third was an official in charge of interrogations.
There was no immediate comment from Islamic State on the air strikes.
Egypt has for years been battling an Islamist insurgency in the northern Sinai, which gathered pace after the military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 following mass protests.
(Reporting by Omar Fahmy; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Giles Elgood and Gareth Jones)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
OXFORD, England April 5 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - With 70 percent of the world's population expected to live in cities by 2050, getting urban planning right is crucial to ensuring future cities are safe, resilient and fair places, particularly for the poorest residents, experts said Wednesday.
As Africa urbanises, its cities will need 700 million more homes, 310,000 more schools and 85,000 additional health centres by 2050, said Christian Benimana, a Rwandan architect.
"How we set up all this infrastructure has to be carefully thought through," said Benimana, who works with MASS Design Group, which focuses on architecture that promotes human dignity.
"It can't be a random thing, in the way we've been doing it for 100 years. We have to think seriously. If we don't, the current situation where economic inequality is blatantly visible will worsen," said Benimana.
Rapidly expanding Lagos, for instance, a megacity of 23 million, would like to "sanitise" itself and look more like Singapore, said Liz Agbor-Tabi, an associate director at 100 Resilient Cities, a Rockefeller Foundation initiative.
But in its efforts to make that happen, authorities in recent months have demolished swathes of waterfront slums, leaving thousands of people homeless.
"When cities approach their desire to develop this way, it undermines....cohesion, ownership, well-being, belonging and communities," Cameroon-born Agbor-Tabi said during a panel discussion at the Skoll World Forum on Social Entrepreneurship.
MAKING THE POOR VISIBLE
What needs to happen instead, said Sheela Patel, the chair of Slum Dwellers International, is a genuine rethink of planning efforts to ensure the poor are not seen as invisible or simply an obstacle to growth and development.
"The real fault line in cities is the difference between formal and informal," said Patel, who directs the Mumbai-based charity.
"The old rules make all informal (settlements and activities) criminal, illegal and unacceptable," they said.
That makes it very hard to effectively include slums and poor people in plans to spread the use of clean energy or address climate change, for instance, they said.
When "everybody who is poor is invisible", city data collected is often inaccurate and that means "the chances you'll get anything right, even in the next century, seems dismal," they said.
"Engineering, planning and architecture are very far away from looking at the kind of changes that are needed to create equitable cities that are welcoming to all," they added.
Some cities, however, have shown how changing planning to include the poor can fundamentally improve urban life for all.
As Medellin, Colombia's second largest city, expanded rapidly a decade ago, slums sprung up in the hills above the city, said Agbor-Tabi.
Without effective transport to reach the city centre or opportunities to find work, many slum dwellers ended up working instead for cocaine cartels.
When city officials tried to turn things around they not only took on the cartels but consulted with slum residents to try to find out how they could better connect them to the city and give them other opportunities.
In time, cable cars and escalators were installed, linking previously separated parts of the city, and facilities from libraries to cultural centres were built in poor areas.
Eventually the city's once notorious homicide rate collapsed and poverty was on the decline too, Agbor-Tabi said.
YOUNG AND AMBITIOUS
Benimana, the Rwandan architect, said good design and planning can help avoid in the first place the kind of problems Medellin suffered.
"We strongly believe if we curate the design and construction process as architects we can curb hindrances to economic equality, to gender equality," they said.
The risks are particularly large as more people gain access to the internet, smart phones and a clear view of how people live in other parts of the world.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim has called this a "convergence of aspirations" as more people demand a middle-class lifestyle.
"Many people are young, they all have smart phones and they have seriously big aspirations," Patel said. "They are not like their migrant parents, humble and grateful to be fed two times a day, ready to suffer all injustices." (Reporting by Laurie Goering @lauriegoering.; Editing by Astrid Zweynert @azweynert.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
April 28 Info Edge India Ltd
* Clarifies on news item "Zomato raises $20 million'
* Says Zomato has not raised any fresh funds, instead it has increased its authorized share capital recently Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING China's Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday it has summoned in a French diplomat after police shot dead a Chinese national in Paris, in an incident that sparked a protest by scores of Chinese in front of a police station in the French capital.
State news agency Xinhua said the Chinese national was killed on Sunday night after a "conflict" with police, with about 100 people from the Chinese community joining the protest on Monday evening.
Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said China asked France to thoroughly investigate the incident and take effective measures to ensure the safety of Chinese citizens on France.
The ministry has summoned in a French diplomat to lodge representations and will continue to pay attention to developments and protect the safety and rights of Chinese people in France, they told a daily news briefing.
China hopes Chinese people in France can make their feelings known in a reasonable, legal way, Hua added.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
LONDON By the time Chelsea walk out at Old Trafford on Sunday their Premier League lead may again have been cut to a slender four points.
For the second weekend running, Antonio Conte's side kick off after their main pursuers Tottenham Hotspur but, unlike last Saturday when they were always odds-on to restore their advantage by beating Bournemouth, real danger lurks in the form of Manchester United - and ex-manager Jose Mourinho.
When the teams last met the Portuguese appeared unusually relaxed, eschewing the regulation collar and tie they always wore as Blues manager for gilet and trainers. But they still ended up squaring with Conte on the Stamford Bridge touchline during a fractious FA Cup quarter-final that saw Ander Herrera sent off.
Chelsea's 1-0 win was their second over United this season and although the result was much closer than the 4-0 league drubbing, the chasm that has opened between the teams was clear.
Sunday marks the start of a testing period for United with fixtures against City, Arsenal and Spurs looming, alongside their continuing Europa League campaign.
Mourinho will respond to the workload by rotating their squad. In the process they will highlight one of the big differences between United and Chelsea this season: while the Portuguese has made 85 team changes in their Premier League line-ups, Conte has switched personnel just 31 times, an average of one per game and the fewest in the league.
That consistency has provided the bedrock of their title challenge and Conte can approach Sunday's game knowing it is Mourinho's United who must take the initiative on a ground where they have already drawn nine times this season.
Even their wins have often been scratchily unimpressive and Chelsea will set up to play on the counter-attack with N'golo Kante prowling and ready to pounce in midfield.
Much has been made of Kante's impact this season, when they have perfected the art of perfect tackling at a time when referees punish the slightest aberration.
 They are expected to be named on the PFA player of the season shortlist along with Eden Hazard later this week.
You can probably bet Paul Pogba's transfer fee on United's midfielder not joining them on the six-man shortlist because despite costing 59 million pounds ($73.77 million) more than Kante, they have made a fraction of the impact.
Sunday provides Pogba with the perfect opportunity to make the big-match statement that has been lacking for United, who are unbeaten in 21 league games but still 18 points adrift of the leaders in fifth place.
Nothing irks Mourinho more than suggestions that Conte represents the future while they encapsulate the past, a once great manager out of tune with current sensitivities.
But their recent public criticism of Luke Shaw and David de Gea has added to the narrative and they too have something to prove on Sunday. If their brain is really big enough to do Shaw's thinking for him, as they bizarrely claimed recently, then surely it can come up with a plan to outwit Conte?
Success would hand a huge boost for Spurs, who entertain Bournemouth in Saturday's early kickoff knowing they can again pile the pressure on Chelsea.
Third-placed Liverpool travel to West Bromwich Albion on Sunday while Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger must wait until Monday's match against Middlesbrough for the chance to silence their detractors and check a disastrous run of four away defeats.
($1 = 0.7998 pounds)
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp posted rare quarterly earnings misses on Friday as cost cuts and rising oil prices failed to offset weakness in international refining operations, sending shares down in morning trading.
Exxon's stock dropped 5 percent as weaker than expected results from the world's largest publicly-traded oil producer contrasted with improvements at European rivals. Chevron's shares fell about 4 percent. Both companies are part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which was down 1 percent.
Even though oil prices jumped 25 percent in 2017 over the prior year, boosting the pair's U.S. production operations, international refining and chemical profits struggled in the fourth quarter, fueling concerns that a weak spot could be emerging in the industry.
“It was a pair of disappointing results from both companies,” said Brian Youngberg, an oil industry analyst at Edward Jones. “Is refining something to be concerned about as we move through 2018? Will that be an offset to those higher oil prices?”
Both companies recorded gains from recent U.S. tax reform. Non-cash gains were $5.94 billion at Exxon and $2 billion at Chevron.
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items, Exxon earned 88 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.04 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The earnings miss fueled more bad news for Exxon, coming as rival Royal Dutch Shell, the world's second-largest oil company, overtook Exxon's annual cash generation for the first time, producing about 6 percent more cash last year than Exxon's $33.2 billion in 2017.
Exxon's production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day, with the only output gains in the company's portfolio coming from the United States.
At Chevron, production rose, but excluding the tax change and other one-time items, the company earned 72 cents per share. By that measure, analysts expected earnings of $1.22 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
France's Total SA and the United Kingdom's BP Plc plan to post quarterly results later this month. BP has vowed to not change its spending plans because of rising global oil prices and only to approve projects that can make money with prices below $40 a barrel.
Fox owner Rupert Murdoch reportedly told Stephanie McMahon, Paul "Triple H" Levesque and other WWE executives that NBCU was "embarrassed by your product" at a meeting to acquire the rights to SmackDown on May 17th at 21st Century Fox's Manhattan headquarters, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
In addition to Levesque and McMahon, WWE co-presidents Michelle Wilson and George Barrios were at the meeting. Other Fox executives present with Murdoch were Fox Networks CEO Peter Rice and Fox Sports executives Eric Shanks and Larry Jones. A photo was projected in the conference room of Ronda Rousey holding Triple H in a firefighter's carry from WrestleMania 34, with Fox Sports and FS1 logos superimposed on it.
At the time of the meeting less than two weeks ago, The Hollywood Reporter noted that NBCU was expecting to keep the WWE television rights with a new 10-year deal worth $360 million (although it was not specified, clearly that figure is per year). NBCU's exclusive negotiating window expired on May 16th, and WWE and Fox agreed to a $1.025 billion five-year deals to move SmackDown to Friday nights on the broadcast network. Fox, which had finished the 2017-18 season down double digits among total viewers and the coveted adults 18-49 demo, is trying to expand their coverage of sports and other live events.
Murdoch apparently told WWE that Fox would fully embrace WWE and air SmackDown promos during their sports programming every night, as well as offer WWE a weekly studio show on FS1. Murdoch's eldest son, Lachlan, told McMahon during a call at the end of the meeting that the partnership "would herald the marriage of the Murdochs and the McMahons, rebel outsiders who had built media empires."
As noted, should the proposed deal be finalized as expected, SmackDown will move to Fox in October of 2019. RAW will remain on the USA Network for $265 million per year, putting the total value of the deal at $2.35 billion over five years. It was noted that NBCU currently pays $130 million per year for RAW and SmackDown (which is below the $150 million that JP Morgan estimated that NBCU is paying for the package).
See Also News On How Much WWE Makes In Rights Fees Per Viewer Hour Compared To Major Sports
Fox lost the television rights for UFC to ESPN, however a former Fox staffer told The Hollywood Reporter that they could not sell that brand.
"We could not sell UFC" at Fox, they said. "And wrestling is family friendly. If you have wrestling you can find cash. I think it's a big win for Fox; it's a great trade-off."
Doreen Hines contributed to this article.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo, April 13 Brazil's slow economic recovery and the need for lenders and pension funds to offload souring credit from their balance sheets are giving Grupo BTG Pactual SA an opportunity to expand distressed debt operations over the coming years, a senior executive told Reuters.
Alexandre Camara, head of special situations at BTG Pactual , said Latin America's No. 1 independent investment bank is buying more collateralized, non-performing corporate loans and distressed property in Brazil on the expectation that cash-strapped companies will offload assets at fire-sale prices to raise money.
Currently, the special situations unit oversees about 30 billion reais ($9.5 billion) worth of bad corporate credit at face value and 144 property assets. The bank has earmarked about 1 billion reais to buy more of those assets, which could boost the unit's portfolio by as much as 66 percent in three years, they said.
Brazil's harshest recession on record and the longest credit downturn since the 1990s have led banks to reclassify about 150 billion reais in loans to riskier categories in the past year, central bank data show. Refinanced loans represent 11 percent of Brazil's outstanding credit.
Most of that stems from loans to companies struggling with flagging sales and the highest borrowing costs among the world's major economies, which has resulted in record bankruptcy filings.
Firms ensnared in Brazil's worst-ever corruption probe, "Operation Car Wash," have also lost access to credit in the past two years, impacting their supply chains.
The situation shows how BTG Pactual is cautiously adding risk in segments that remain unexplored by most domestic banks despite their potential for large profits. Since 2010, BTG Pactual has developed proprietary systems to manage bad credit and turned Recovery do Brasil SA into Brazil's No. 1 consumer debt collection firm.
"We are scouring for companies facing short- and mid-term challenges, but that are structurally solid in the long run," Camara told Reuters this week.
GAINING TRACTION
Collection of troubled corporate loans remains in its early stages in Brazil, giving BTG Pactual's special situations platform an edge, Camara said. Recently, the bank teamed up with a group of investors to create Enforce Gestão de Ativos SA, replicating Recovery's model in the distressed corporate loan market.
The Dec. 2015 sale of BTG Pactual's stake in Recovery helped accelerate the bank's shift towards distressed corporate debt and property, executives have said.
The special situations unit also provides turnaround financing tied to collateral, and invests in legal claims and similar assets it can either collect or repackage into high-yielding securities, Camara said.
Distressed debt collection firms acquire large portfolios of credit from other creditors at a steep discount and then rework each loan individually, hoping to reap a profit after repackaging them into securities, taking over the collateral or restructuring them.
For banks, bad-loan sales help them clean up their balance sheets in times of economic hardship. Analysts and industry specialists forecast activity in the bad corporate debt market to gain traction this year, with more state-controlled and private-sector lenders seeking to shed bigger chunks of problematic loans.
Pension funds like Postalis Instituto de Previdência Complementar, state development bank BNDES and regional banks could soon ride the wave too, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters recently.
($1 = 3.1452 reais) (Editing by Bill Rigby)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A shopper carries a Galeries Lafayette shopping bag in their store in Paris, France, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon
PARIS French consumer spending fell unexpectedly by 0.8 percent in February from January due to a sharp drop in energy prices after exceptionally warmer weather, data released on Friday by the INSEE statistics agency showed.
A Reuters poll of 10 economists had forecast on average that spending would rise 0.1 percent. Estimates ranged from -0.6 percent to 0.4 percent. FRGPC=ECI
With last February the warmest since 2007 and coming after the coldest January since 2010, energy prices dropped 10.9 percent in the month due to lower spending on gas and electricity for heating after a spike in the previous month.
Spending on manufactured goods, which excludes volatile energy prices, rose 1.3 percent on strong spending for clothes.
For full details and data from INSEE: here
For consumer spending and morale graphic, click - reut.rs/2j4DCHX
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by GV De Clercq)
Top Ten Mystery Sleuths
I've been reading mysteries nonstop since I was a teenager and have, of course, accumulated my own favorite top ten mystery sleuths. Here they are, in no particular order except for my number one.
Didius Falco: Lindsey Davis's smart-mouthed sleuth from Ancient Rome always makes for a fun read. The books cover topics that are far from light-hearted, and Falco goes through suffering and loss, but they manage with their dry, sharp-eyed sense of humor to get through and survive. Davis flavors this series with in-depth detail of Imperial Rome, making for a long series of good reads, now continuing with the series starring Falco's daughter.
Lovejoy: As a feminist, I know I'm not supposed to like Lovejoy, the self-professed misogynistic con man. But Jonathan Gash is a fantastic writer who shows us a Lovejoy that Lovejoy themselves doesn't want us to see: a man who is kind to animals and children, is a romantic about antiques and their window into the past, stands up for the underdog, and truly loves women, in spite of their protestations to the contrary. Their adventures, usually spurred by an antique-related detail missed by all others, are a fascinating mix of the past and present. I like that the series is based in Essex and Norfolk (though Lovejoy travels elsewhere in pursuit of killers and thieves), so we see a glimpse of England that isn't as familiar to most Americans.
Guido Brunetti: Commissario Brunetti of the Venice police is not the stereotypical hard-boiled cop detective. They have a happy marriage and loves their wife and children, eats very well, and returns every night to their comfortable home. No sitting alone at bar brooding about their lonely existence for Brunetti. I love a good setting, and Donna Leon's Venice is painted in all its colors. I enjoy Brunetti's interactions with their intelligent and opinionated wife, Paola, their conversations with Signorina Elettra, their boss's secretary, and their fencing with their not-too-bright but well-connected superior, Patta. The series is ongoing—plenty of books for a new reader to pick up and enjoy.
Mma Ramotswe: I'm seeing that setting is a pattern with me, as well as interesting and out-of-the ordinary sleuths. I first of read Mma Ramotswe in The Kalahari Typing School for Men, which I picked up because of its intriguing title. I liked them so much I went back to start with The Number One Ladies' Detective Agency. These books are not so many mysteries as character studies, a vivid sketch of life in Botswana. The characters become old friends, and it's always a pleasure to revisit them. The latest book in this series (#18) was out in November 2017.
Peter Wimsey: I can't remember if I'd already read a Dorothy Sayers Peter Wimsey book before I saw the TV series with Edward Petherbridge, but I know that soon after I had read every single book in the series. The television drama focused on three books featuring Harriet Vane, but I went back to the beginning (Whose Body) and became charmed by Peter and Bunter, Peter and their family (especially their mother). These good, old-style whodunits had a bit more depth than the throwaway mystery paperbacks of the day. Horace Rumpole: Rumpole was first introduced on television in a standalone play and then in the well-known Rumpole of the Bailey series by John Mortimer, with Rumpole so well played by Leo McKern. This is another character-driven series, nominally a mystery, but the main draw is the hilarious barristers in Rumpole's chambers, Hilda, their formidable wife, and the judges Rumpole faces in court. Happily, John Mortimer continued to write Rumpole stories and books after the television series ended, and all have found a home on my shelves. There's nothing better for shutting out a stressful day than a Rumpole story.
Matsuyama Kaze: Dale Furutani wrote only three books about this lordless samurai wandering Japan in 1603 on a mission to find a missing girl and solving a few mysteries along the way. The books are well written, and the history of Japan in its transition to the Tokugawa period is fascinating. Kaze is honorable, intelligent, generous, kind, and most of all, determined. He's now ronin, not the best situation to be in, but they handle it with stoic sensibility. The books in this trilogy went out of print, but fortunately, Dale Furutani re-released them himself, so new readers can grab them in e-book or find them used in print.
Phryne Fisher: One of my closest friends thrust a book at me one day and said, “Have you read Phryne?” I took home book 1 of the series by Kerry Greenwood, devoured it, and bought more. While I now enjoy the television series, with Phryne played so wonderfully by Essie Davis (plus a great supporting cast), the books allow time for more depth and character development. Again, I'm a sucker for a great setting, and life in the 1920s Melbourne is colorful and interesting. I also love fearless Phryne who is the female version of the playboy gumshoe, toting a pistol, taking lovers, going anywhere and everywhere, never worried about their reputation. Them courage and smarts, as well as Kerry Greenwood's handling of situations of the day, make the series shine.
Sherlock Holmes (the original): In spite of the many interesting portrayals of Sherlock Holmes (the most recent in the British series Sherlock and the American series Elementary), I like going back to the original stories of Arthur Conan Doyle for my dose of Sherlock Holmes. While he's been portrayed as increasingly eccentric, the nineteenth-century Sherlock Holmes was a little calmer and more methodical and also more sympathetic to the victims of crimes. You can see this come out in Jeremy Brett's portrayal, probably my favorite Holmes dramatization to date. Some of the stories, while plausible in the late nineteenth century, can read as bizarre to us now, but I like to go back to Holmes's roots and how their character and Watson's were first developed by the author.
FILE PHOTO: A man looks at a phone during the third annual World Internet Conference in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China November 17, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
MANILA Developing Asia is on track to post its slowest annual growth in 16 years this year as it adjusts to China's rebalancing and possible spillovers from global policy uncertainty, the Asian Development Bank said.
The Manila-based lender kept at 5.7 percent this year's growth forecast for developing Asia, which groups 45 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. That would be the region's weakest expansion since it grew 5.0 percent in 2001.
Next year, developing Asia should again grow by 5.7 percent, the ADB said in its 2017 Asia Development Outlook report.
"Developing Asia continues to drive the global economy even as the region adjusts to a more consumption-driven economy in China and looming global risks," said Yasuyuki Sawada, the ADB's chief economist.
Sawada said the region faces "risks from uncertain policy direction in the advanced economies, including the pace of interest rate normalisation in the United States".
"While short-term risks seem manageable, regional policymakers should remain vigilant to respond to possible spillover through capital outflows and exchange rate movements," Sawada said.
The Federal Reserve hiked U.S. rates a notch in mid-March, its second tightening in three months. Forecasts from Fed officials suggest a median of two more increases before year-end.
China, which is rebalancing its economy to growth led by consumption rather than exports, is expected to grow 6.5 percent this year, the ADB said. That is better than its December forecast of 6.4 percent, but weaker than the 6.7 percent expansion in 2016.
Growth in China is seen slowing further to 6.2 percent in 2018.
The ADB reduced its 2017 growth forecast for India to 7.4 percent from 7.8 percent and it expects growth there to pick up to 7.6 percent in 2018.
With nearly all economies in Southeast Asia showing an upward trend, the region should expand by a faster 4.8 percent this year and pick up to 5.0 percent next year, the ADB said.
Economies in South Asia are projected to expand by 7.0 percent in 2017 and 7.2 percent in 2018.
Strong consumer demand and rising global commodity prices could cause the inflation pace in developing Asia to quicken to 3.0 percent this year and to 3.2 percent in 2018, the ADB said.
The report is available on ADB's website: www.adb.org
(Reporting by Karen Lema; Additional reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
SEOUL, April 10 Han Kwang Song became the first North Korean player to score in Italy's Serie A when the 18-year-old netted for Cagliari on Sunday.
Han, who came on as a substitute with 10 minutes left, scored in the fifth minute of added time as their side lost 3-2 at home to Torino.
"I'm so glad to get my first goal," Han told local media after the match. "I'm doing well at Cagliari."
The North Korean forward had made their debut as a late substitute in Cagliari's 3-1 win at Palermo last week, after which coach Massimo Rastelli said the Pyongyang native was "hungry to make it" and that they would get their chance to impress.
Han caught the eye at the 2015 Under-17 World Cup in Chile, where North Korea made it to the last 16.
They were also a standout at the 2014 AFC U-16 Championship in Thailand, where they scored in every match except the semi-final and led the North Koreans to the title with a 2-1 win over South Korea. Han scored the opener in the final. (Reporting by Lee Jeong-eun, Writing by Peter Rutherford, Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
(Corrects paragraph 4 to say the jury "found" the magazine and author "liable" for actual malice, instead of "ruled" they were "guilty" of actual malice.)
April 12 Rolling Stone magazine and the administrator at the University of Virginia have reached an agreement which ends a defamation case over the publication's retracted story about an alleged gang rape at the school, court documents filed on Tuesday showed.
Rolling Stone has been appealing a $3 million defamation verdict a Virginia federal court jury awarded in November to university administrator Nicole Eramo after it found the magazine and reporter Sabrina Rubin Erdely had defamed them
"We are delighted that this dispute is now behind us, as it allows Nicole to move on and focus on doing what they do best, which is supporting victims of sexual assault,” Libby Locke, one of their lawyers, said in a statement provided to the New York Times.
Court documents showed Eramo dropped the case on Tuesday, five months after the jury found that the magazine and author were liable for actual malice, a key element in libel law, in six statements in the November 2014 story "A Rape on Campus."
The article played a key role in sparking a national debate about sexual assault on university campuses. While the article was discredited as depicting an assault that never occurred, campus sexual assault remains a major concern, with some reports estimating that one in five female students will be a victim during their college years.
The magazine has argued in court papers that there was no evidence that Erdely acted with actual malice in the story and that the jury erred in finding that the story had been republished.
The magazine's story said that a female student identified only as "Jackie" was gang raped at a university fraternity. Rolling Stone retracted the story and a police investigation found no evidence to support Jackie's claims.
Eramo accused the magazine of portraying them as the story's villain and as being focused on hushing up sexual assault reports.
"Rolling Stone, Sabrina Rubin Erdely and Nicole Eramo have come to an amicable resolution. The terms are confidential," a spokesperson for Wenner Media, the parent company of Rolling Stone, told the Times. (Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Toby Chopra)
April 20 Pldt Inc:
* Refers to article titled "PLDT, PAL biggest 'violators' of labor laws" in the Manila Times
* Made aware of a press statement by Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) secretary Silvestre Bello regarding PLDT's use of service contractors
* Has not received any order from the DOLE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Javier Fernandez of Spain performs at men's singles short program during China ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating in Beijing, China, November 6, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Javier Fernandez of Spain performs during the exhibition gala at the Rostelecom Cup ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating in Moscow, Russia, November 22, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
HELSINKI When Evan Lysacek struck gold at the 2010 Winter Olympics without attempting a single quadruple jump, men's figure skating was at a crossroads.
Their rival-in-chief - 2006 Turin Games champion Yevgeny Plushenko - screamed blue murder and accused the American of winning the title by "dancing rather than skating like a man".
Lysacek had become the first man since 1994 to win the Olympic title without attempting the jump that requires four complete aerial revolutions before the touchdown on the ice.
So would the next generation follow Lysacek and opt for a low-risk strategy that rewards artistry, seamless transitions and flawless displays? Or would they push their bodies to the limit to pull off the high-risk, high-reward quad jumps?
The answers to those questions will be clearly evident in the sheer number of quads on show when Javier Fernandez, Yuzuru Hanyu and Nathan Chen begin their pursuit of the men's title at the world championships in Helsinki on Thursday.
"It's mind blowing what these guys are doing technically. We are at a point now where it's crazy," summed up Patrick Chan, who won a hat-trick of world titles before settling for Olympic silver behind Hanyu at the 2014 Sochi Games.
"I thought that Yuzu in Sochi in 2014 really had pushed the limit and was hitting that limit, but clearly that has been proven wrong by Nathan. Not only Nathan but future skaters to come."
Since the inception of the accumulative scoring system in 2004, the 'Holy Grail' of men's figure skating had been the breach of the 300-point barrier.
Japan's Hanyu smashed that mark in the 2015–16 Grand Prix Final when they amassed 330.43 points with two spellbinding skates that featured five quadruple jumps in total.
Just over a year later, Chen is blazing a trail for the 'Next-Gen' of skaters after becoming the first man to land four different types of quads -- and five in all -- in just their free skate at this year's U.S. Championships.
The 17-year-old American, who also scored more than 300 points as they captured the Four Continents title last month, will be attempting to pull off seven quads over two programmes in Helsinki.
DAMAGED BODIES
"We are in a very exciting period in men's figure skating. The pros of the quads being complete (as they are high scoring) but cons is the mystery of the byproduct of men technically pushing the body to the limit," said the 26-year-old Chan.
"That will only be something we will find out years from now - what damage, or no damage, that we are doing to our bodies."
Keeping pace with the teenage tyros, a gang that also includes China's Jin Boyang and Japan's Shoma Uno, has meant that Chan is having to re-train their body in their mid 20s.
"It does get so frustrating because I am running as fast as I can but they are creeping away from me. It does not help to see other people have success -- being in the spot that I used to be in," said Chan, who has added a quad Salchow to their arsenal.
"After 2014 I never thought I could add another different quad from a quad toe, let alone train it full time. I have to go with the direction that the sport is going in which is dictated by the top men's skaters.
"I am exploring the unknown, seeing how far I can take myself technically."
So, what more is possible technically? Quintuple jumps?
To fit in that extra revolution, skaters would need to jump higher, spin faster and stay airborne longer than the current average of 0.7 seconds - a feat that appears beyond the human body.
For Spain's double world champion Fernandez, the only way forward is to recognise their own body's limitations.
"I am one of the oldest skaters right now with Patrick and we are competing against really young rivals who are 17 and 18 who are throwing in many quads in their programmes," the five-times European champion told Reuters.
"But our bodies are not the same, our bodies don't react like they used to when we were 17 or 18. We have to be smart," the 25-year-old added.
"We cannot go and attempt five or six quads and then fail in the competition because we have suffered heavy deductions (for poor execution) so we will end up being worse off. Hence we have to be smart about what we do in competitions."
For Fernandez, being smart involves sticking to their plan of attempting to pull off five clean quads in Helsinki.
(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
MARSEILLE: Florian Thauvin took their season's league goal tally to 13 with a hat-trick as Marseille enjoyed a 6-3 rout of rock-bottom Metz in French Ligue 1 on Friday (Saturday in Manila).
The win moved Marseille into second place in the table, eight points behind bitter rivals Paris Saint-Germain who have a game in hand and face struggling Lille on Saturday.
Marseille were 5-0 up before Metz got on the scoresheet, such was the dominance of Rudi Garcia's men.
Morgan Sanson fired them in front after just six minutes before former Newcastle striker Thauvin hit the first of their three with a volley two minutes later.
They got the better of Metz's Senegalese defender Fallou Diagne to score their second just before the interval and completed their hat-trick in the 56th minute after being set-up by Dimitri Payet.
Valere Germain, on the stroke of half-time, and Kostas Mitroglou added the sixth on 75 minutes, again with Payet delivering the key ground work.
Metz scored their goals in the last quarter of an hour with a Florent Mollet double and last-gasp header from Ibrahima Niane.
Garcia was full of praise for Thauvin.
“'Flo' continues to be a decisive player, you don't need me to tell you,” said the coach.
“I want them to continue to work, to have an important contribution.  They are a humble man. Praise can weaken men and I do not want them to be weaker!”
On the game, Garcia added: “When we score six goals in a home game, we can only be satisfied. We relaxed a bit at the end, but it was a great show.”
Even Frederic Hantz, the Metz coach, admired Thauvin's performance.
“I am a fan of Florian Thauvin. I worked with them for two years, they are a great talent, a very endearing player.”
AFP
Li Ching-yu (R), a wife of Taiwanese human rights activist Li Ming-che, detained in China, tries to check-in at Taoyuan International Airport, Taiwan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Hamacher
Li Ching-yu (C), a wife of Taiwanese human rights activist Li Ming-che, who is detained in China, speaks to media after they were rejected to board a plane to Beijing at Taoyuan International Airport, Taiwan April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Hamacher
TAOYUAN, Taiwan The wife of a Taiwan activist accused China of "political conspiracy" on Monday after they were barred from travelling to the mainland to support their husband who has been detained there on suspicion of endangering national security.
The activist, Li Ming-che, is a community college worker known for supporting human rights. They went missing in China, which views neighbouring Taiwan as a renegade province, on March 19.
More than a week later, China's Taiwan Affairs Office said Li had been detained on suspicion on endangering national security but gave no information on theirs whereabouts.
Li's wife, Li Ching-yu, had been scheduled to fly to Beijing but told reporters at Taiwan's international airport their permit to enter the mainland had been cancelled.
"I am a weak woman who wants to visit. Is it really necessary for the Chinese government to use such great force to prevent this?" Li said.
"This action confirms to the outside world that there is political conspiracy behind the Chinese government's arrest of Li Ming-che."
Li's detention has put another strain on ties between Taipei and Beijing, which have cooled since Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen took power last year because they refuse to concede that the island is part of China.
Tsai also leads the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), which traditionally advocates independence for Taiwan, a red line for Beijing.
Beijing has never renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan into its fold, while proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by Communist Party rulers in Beijing.
Over the weekend, Chinese state media reported that a letter written by Li Ming-che had been delivered to their family on Friday on humanitarian grounds.
However, according to Li Ching-yu, the letter was a copy that they could not verify was from their husband and was delivered via unofficial channels by an individual who said the people holding their husband should be seen as "kidnappers".
The DPP admonished Beijing, saying that its moves ran counter to the goal of normal exchanges between the two sides.
"Moreover, (China) should not bypass our government units, and allow the case to become more complicated by the use of unauthorized private entities or individuals to inform the family about the disputed case," the DPP said in a statement.
Taiwan activists have linked Li's detention to a new law targeting foreign non-governmental organisations in China, which grants powers to police to question organisation workers, monitor their finances and regulate their work.
Taiwan citizens use a special entry permit issued by China to travel there because China does not recognise Taiwan passports.
(Additional reporting by J.R. Wu in TAIPEI and Christian Shepherd in BEIJING; Editing by Robert Birsel and Nick Macfie)
2 Pakistan trained terrorists arrested in Baramulla by Police, Army and CRPF. They had gone to Pakistan on valid Pakistani visa to obtain arms training there for undertaking terrorist activities in the valley: Baramulla Police
— ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
The arrested terrorists were given Pakistani visas by Pakistan High Commission in New Delhi. It's pertinent to mention that for past couple of years police has unearthed several such modules who lure young boys to Pakistan to get trained and join militancy: Baramulla Police
— ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
: Security forces have arrested two Pakistan-trained Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants in north Kashmir's Baramulla district, police said on Saturday.The militants, who had gone to Pakistan on valid Pakistani visa to obtain arms training to undertake terrorist activities in the Valley, were arrested during a joint operation by the police, Army and the CRPF, a police spokesperson said here.He said the militants had obtained their passports specifically for the said purpose."These militants of Lashkar-e-Taiba were nabbed immediately after returning via the Wagah-Attari border before they could formally join the militant ranks here in Kashmir," they said, identifying the arrested as Abdul Majeed Bhat, resident of Kreeri, and Mohammad Ashraf Mir, from Pattan.On questioning, the duo revealed "they underwent training in Pakistan along with a large number of Pakistani boys, most of whom were from Balochistan and as young as 10," the spokesperson said."The said terrorist training camps are located near Burma Town, in Islamabad, and being run by a terrorist commander operating under code names Hanzala, Adanan and Omar. Other terrorists imparting training to young boys are operating with code names Osama, Naveed and Hataf," they said.The arrested militants were given Pakistani visas by the Pakistan High Commission in New Delhi, the spokesperson said."It's pertinent to mention that in the past couple of years, police have unearthed several such modules that lure young boys to Pakistan to get trained and join militancy. In the past, several such boys have been arrested, while some of them were killed in encounters," they added.A case was registered and an investigation underway, the official said."Parents are requested to keep watch on their wards. Their prolonged absence from home should be immediately reported to police so that lives of these boys can be saved," they added.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of their onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. Their team is investigating whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said they wrote a memo laying out their concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
Advertisement
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to them that they were initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in their own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week after Comey was fired. They have said they would recuse themselves if necessary if their actions became relevant to Mueller's investigation.
The AP reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about their interactions with Trump. Comey also drafted a series of memos about their own encounters with Trump that unnerved him.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. They were fired as deputy director in March, just days before their scheduled retirement, amid an inspector general finding that they had misled internal investigators about their role in an October 2016 disclosure to The Wall Street Journal.
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Pfenex Inc
* William R. Rohn announces plans to retire as chairperson and board member
* Pfenex Inc - William R. Rohn will not stand for reelection as a board member and will retire as chairperson of board and as a director at end of their term Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
MADRID (Reuters) - As holders Barcelona put one foot in the King's Cup final with an entertaining 1-0 victory over Valencia on Thursday, the atmosphere in the stadium was subdued with the Nou Camp only half-full.
Despite Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and club-record signing Philippe Coutinho all being involved in the showpiece semi-final first leg, involving the sides first and third in La Liga, the official attendance figure was just 50,959.
That was Barcelona's second-worst attendance of the season, after their Champions League dead rubber against Sporting Lisbon in December.
“I'm not sure what we can do to incentivise fans,” coach Ernesto Valverde said.
“I guess the kickoff time does not help. It finishes late, people are working, it's winter. We just try to allow those who do come to enjoy themselves.”
Soccer Football - La Liga Santander - Atletico Madrid vs Getafe - Wanda Metropolitano, Madrid, Spain - January 6, 2018 Atletico Madrid's Diego Costa celebrates scoring their second goal with fans before being sent off REUTERS/Javier Barbancho
It is a problem the King's Cup has faced all season. Real Madrid, with their 81,000 capacity Bernabeu stadium, only sold 46,409 tickets for their quarter-final tie against local rivals Leganes last month.
There were also more than 15,000 empty seats for Atletico Madrid's home encounter with Sevilla in the same round.
There are a number of reasons why attendances are lower for King's Cup matches than for league fixtures.
The competition's two-legged format means fans could have four extra games to attend in January and early February, immediately after Spain's prolonged festive period in what is traditionally the most frugal period of the year.
Other factors include adverse weather conditions, late mid-week kickoffs and the fact that Cup games are shown on terrestrial television.
They all combine to ensure that in its current format, the King's Cup shows few signs of whetting fans' appetites.
SEVILLE, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Atletico Madrid won 1-0 at Real Betis on Sunday thanks to a scrappy goal by Saul Niguez to rack up a third straight victory in La Liga and provisionally move three points behind leaders Barcelona.
The Spanish midfielder slid in at the back post to meet a low cross from Sime Vrsaljko to score the only goal of the game in the 30th minute, netting for the second game in a row.
Atletico were without talismanic forward Antoine Griezmann and only had two shots on target and 26 percent possession.
Diego Simeone's side survived a huge penalty appeal for a shove by Angel Correa on forward Cristian Tello shortly before Saul's goal while Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak pulled off an impressive save from former Barça forward Tello in the home side's best attempt of the second half.
Atletico are third in the standings on 33 points, one behind Valencia and three behind Barcelona, who can restore their five-point lead at the top when they visit Villarreal later on Sunday. (Reporting by Richard Martin)
April 10 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* Shaftesbury, the owner of large chunks of Soho and Covent Garden, is braced for a bid from a reclusive Hong Kong billionaire, Samuel Tak Lee, who has yet to meet the company. bit.ly/2onmJd8
* Lloyds would not have gone ahead with the disastrous deal to save HBOS if the failed bank's managers had admitted what they knew about the huge fraud at its Reading branch, according to confidential documents. bit.ly/2onr1RW
The Guardian
* More than a quarter of a million customers of payday loan firm Wonga are being warned that their personal data may have been stolen in a data breach at the firm. bit.ly/2ont4W7
The Telegraph
* U.S. based TSG Consumer Partners splashed out 213 million pounds for a 22 percent holding in Scotland-based brewer Brewdog, valuing the business at almost 1 billion pounds. bit.ly/2onzmVM
* Thailand based Minor International, which has 140 hotels largely in Asia, said the fall in the value of the pound had made the company more determined to find a site for its first UK hotel. bit.ly/2nRlUW5
Sky News
* Associated British Foods has appointed headhunter Spencer Stuart to identify a successor to Charles Sinclair, who has led the company for exactly eight years, according to Sky News. bit.ly/2nQZBjs
* Drax Group, which operates the Yorkshire coal-fired power plant of the same name, is braced for substantial opposition to its 2016 pay report at its annual meeting on Thursday, according to Sky News. bit.ly/2nR9Owk
The Independent
* The U.S. Department of Labour has accused internet giant Google of not paying women employees the same as men. ind.pn/2onDjtw
(Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Are you looking for Family Medical Health Care Center in Sydney? If theanswer is yes, then you should first look over the internet, here you can find basic details, review, and some useful information. A family medicalhealthcarecentreor community health centre is one of a network of clinics staffed by a group of general practitioners, and nurses providing healthcare services to people in a certain area in Sydney. Typicalservices covered are family practice& dental care, but some clinics have expanded greatly& can include internal medicine, pediatric, women's care, family planning, pharmacy, optometry, laboratory testing, and more. It is the place which provides the highest quality clinical care to the patients.
The Olympus Health/Medical Centre Sydney is an innovative, passionate, and superior provider of facilities & services to healthcare professionals who offer unparalleled quality, healthcare services, and value of the Australian population.
Olympus Health Centre/Group aims to differentiate itself in four key areas:
 Patient
They offer access to the highest quality healthcare practitioners, who provide exemplary care in addition to first class customer service from supporting staff.
 Doctors and Health Care Practitioners
All have the ability to contribute to the operations, and clinical outcomes of the practice, whilst ensuring a flexible engagement model that provides financial &non-financial rewards.
 People
Olympus aspires to recruit & retain the best people, and they will be valued & respected whilst being provided with a safe, and enjoyable environment in which to work, where passion is the norm.
 Innovation
People will constantly be encouraged to ‘think outside the box', to push the envelope of how quality care is delivered. The Olympus Health Group wishes to be at the forefront of innovation in Australia.
Olympus Family Medical Centre in Sydney uniquely offer to patients the convenience of appointments as well as a walk-in immediate care service.Based on the needs of the communities in which they provide the following services, but not limited to;
• Family Medicine
• Women's Health
• Men's Health
• Occupational and Corporate Health
• Sports Medicine
• Skin Cancer Checks
• Chronic Disease Management
• Preventative Medicine and Health Checks
• Vaccinations
• Travel Medicine
• On-site Nurse
• On-site Pathology Collection
Olympus Family Medical Group, specialists consult from a range of medical centers throughout Sydney. You can book your initial assessment appointment through the online booking form on thewebsite.
Olympus offers a wide range of health services including Medical, Physiotherapy, Oral and Maxillofacial care, Stem Cell Therapy and Psychology services, and provides expert care for its patients via a team of doctors, specialists and Bulk Billing GP in Sydney who are the best in their field.
Contact Us
Alternatively, please call or email:
Phone: 1800 MYCLINIC (1800 692 546)
Email: appointments@olympushealthgroup.com.au
April 28 Hareon Solar Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for FY 2016 to be 1.18 billion yuan, while the net profit of FY 2015 was 96.1 million yuan
* In the previous outlook, the company expected the net loss for FY 2016 to be 380 million yuan to 480 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/voyKpg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Bank open to acquisitions worth up to 500 mln Sfr
* Vontobel could finance a deal from cash reserves
* Vontobel private bank currently has 47 bln Sfr in assets
By Joshua Franklin, Angelika Gruber and Oliver Hirt
ZURICH, April 13 Swiss bank Vontobel is looking to make acquisitions worth up to 500 million Swiss francs ($499 million) to expand its private banking business, Chief Executive Zeno Staub told Reuters.
"We would like to make more acquisitions in private banking," Staub said in an interview, with a view to increase the amount of private wealth it manages to more than 50 billion francs from 47 billion at the end of 2016.
Private banking is a smaller business than Vontobel's asset management division, but the bank sees benefits from expanding it. "We would also like to buy something to be able to profit from higher volumes," Staub said.
Zurich-based Vontobel, in which the founding Vontobel family still holds a controlling stake, is dwarfed by Swiss banks UBS and Credit Suisse, but any acquisition would help it to catch up to mid-sized rivals like LGT Bank and J. Safra Sarasin.
Vontobel, whose cautious use of its deep cash reserves has in the past prompted questions from investors, could finance an acquisition of up to half a billion francs from its own pocket, Staub said. The bank's core capital (cet1) ratio was 19 percent at the end of 2016.
A rule of thumb in pricing private banking deals is to pay 1-2 percent for the assets being acquired.
Private banks in its home Swiss market are high on the list of potential targets, Staub said.
Switzerland's crowded private banking market is undergoing a gradual wave of consolidation as an international clamp-down on tax evasion has eroded Switzerland's position as a tax haven, pushing some private banks to sell up or close down.
The number of Swiss private banks will fall to fewer than 100 in the next three years from around 130, consultancy KPMG predicted in 2015.
Switzerland's decades-long role as place to shelter money from tax was back in the spotlight last month when the London, Paris and Amsterdam offices of Credit Suisse were raided as part of an international tax evasion investigation.
Vontobel faced its own high-profile tax case when it was fined 4.5 million euros ($4.8 million) over dealings with ex-Bayern Munich soccer club President Uli Hoeness, who was sentenced to 3-1/2 years in prison in Germany for tax evasion in 2014.
The bank is in talks with authorities in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia to settle a tax investigation there and set aside 13.4 million francs for the case in 2016.
"We would be happy if this topic were dealt with for good in 2017," Staub said, declining to comment further.
($1 = 1.0019 Swiss francs)
($1 = 0.9368 euros)
(Editing by Jane Merriman)
(Adds quotes, details)
OSLO, April 28 Oil tanker firm Frontline said on Friday the high court in the Marshall Islands has agreed to hear on May 17 its complaint against takeover target DHT Holdings, which is incorporated in the remote Pacific republic, over a rival deal with BW Offshore.
Frontline, controlled by Norwegian-born billionaire John Fredriksen and owner of a 14.5 percent stake in DHT, has been trying for the past year to take over its New York-listed rival and is opposing what it called "unfair transaction documents" in a defensive deal struck by DHT to allow oil and gas shipping group BW Group to increase its stake in DHT to up to 45 percent.
"We continue to urge the board of DHT to negotiate in good faith with Frontline over its proposed offer, for the benefit of all DHT shareholders and consistent with the board's fiduciary duties," the company said in a statement.
On Tuesday Frontline repeated its offer of 0.8 Frontline shares for every DHT share and set a 24-hour deadline for DHT to respond to the $500 million offer.
After Frontline's initial offer DHT struck a tanker for shares deal with BW Group which made the latter DHT's biggest shareholder, with a 34.28 percent stake.
Frontline then sought to stop the BW deal proceeding in the U.S. courts but the New York County Supreme Court said on April 19 it had no jurisdiction over DHT.
However, DHT has said that its deal with BW Group was not designed to block Frontline's takeover bid but was an fleet acquisition aimed at strengthening its market positions.
DHT said on Wednesday its board would carefully review Frontline's latest offer, taking into account changes to the company's fleet and market developments over the past two months, and would reply in due course. (Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
NEW YORK Two Russian nationals arrested in the United States last October on charges of conspiring to export sensitive military technology from the United States to Russia were sentenced to time served on Friday, a spokesperson for U.S. prosecutors said.
Dmitrii Aleksandrovich Karpenko, 33, and Alexey Krutilin, 27, both pleaded guilty on March 8 and were sentenced by U.S. District Judge Leo Glasser in Brooklyn. They have agreed to immediate deportation to Russia, where both live, the spokesperson said.
U.S. prosecutors said the men planned to obtain microelectronics from manufacturers and suppliers in the United States and export them to Russia while evading government controls on high-tech exports.
The technology at issue included devices used in radar and missile guidance systems, prosecutors said. The United States restricts the export of items it believes could contribute to weapons proliferation and undermine U.S. national security.
Karpenko and Krutilin were arrested in Denver on Oct. 5 in a sting operation arranged by U.S. Department of Homeland Security agents posing as sellers, according to court filings.
In briefs filed in the Brooklyn court, lawyers for Karpenko and Krutilin said while the two men knew the purpose of their trip was illegal, they had been sent by their employer, a Russian company called Aelek, and did not plan the purchases themselves.
"We're grateful that Judge Glasser recognised the limited role that Mr. Karpenko and Mr. Krutilin played in the conspiracy," said Richard Levitt, a lawyer for Karpenko.
Raymond Granger, a lawyer for Krutilin, said their client was "extremely gratified" by the decision.
Prosecutors said last October that Karpenko and Krutilin conspired with Alexey Barysheff, a U.S. citizen living in Brooklyn who was also arrested. Prosecutors say Barysheff set up front companies to buy and export electronics.
Barysheff also has pleaded guilty and is scheduled to be sentenced on June 17, court records show.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
MOSCOW, April 20 Russia's Defence Ministry on Friday confirmed a report that Major Sergei Bordov was killed in Syria, Russian news agencies reported.
Interfax news agency said they were killed during an attack by militants on a garrison.
(Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Riddell Fiddles have invited award winning duo, Sally Simpson and Catriona Hawksworth, to Selkirk.
The well known Scottish fiddle and piano duo will be promoting their new CD, Duo, as well as playing repertoire from the Scottish traditions.
One of the new tracks on Duo features Riddell Fiddles' very own guitarist's Donald Knox self-penned tune - written in 2006 on a trip to Cape Breton. These two young musicians have been very much a part of Riddell Fiddles - with Sally one of their visiting tutors.
Sally and Catriona have played together for many years. Their sound is intimate and personal, focusing on the link between the two musicians, making full use of dynamics and textures, whilst respecting their musical traditions.
Concert starts at 7.30pm in the Back Row, Selkirk. Tickets £8 from 07719451444.
In the acoustic setting of this house, the concert promises to be an evening to remember.
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Yohann Diniz produced an astonishing solo tour de force to become the oldest man ever to become a world athletics champion at the age of 39 as they won the 50-kilometre walk title on Sunday.
The French world record holder, one of the great figures of race walking, produced the second fastest walk in history, 3 hours 33 minutes 12 seconds -- a time only they have bettered -- with arguably the performance of the entire World Championships.
Diniz was so dominant en route to their long-awaited first global title that they lapped nearly all the 43-strong field over the 2km looped circuit on The Mall, finishing less than a minute adrift of their three-year-old world record of 3:32:33.
They were even able to take a swift comfort break when leading in the first 15 minutes before rejoining the race and destroying their opponents over the 25 laps between Admiralty Arch and Buckingham Palace.
A great showman, father of two Diniz was even able to smile and wave to the crowds lining the course well before the finish.
They blew kisses towards Buckingham Palace on the last circuit, turning it into a glorified lap of honour, and finished by approaching the line while hoisting aloft a French tricolour they had grabbed from the crowd to celebrate their new championship record.
Their eight-minute gap over their two distant Japanese pursuers, silver medallist Hirooki Arai (3:41:17) and bronze medallist Kai Kobayashi (3:41:19), was by far the biggest ever recorded in the championships.
Diniz became the oldest male world champion in any event, surpassing another walker, 37-year-old Veniamin Soldatenko. The Soviet athlete won a specially-staged 50km event in Malmo in 1976, seven years before Helsinki staged the first global championships.
Belarussian Ellina Zvereva holds the overall record of being the oldest world champion, having won the women's discus in 2001 at the age of 40.
Diniz's triumph, the first ever in race walking by a Frenchman, came a year after their heartbreak in the Rio Olympic final when they led by nearly two minutes before they collapsed at 37km with heatstroke, dehydration and gastric problems.
They were then hailed as a hero as they got up, insisted on continuing and, incredibly, finished the race in eighth place.
Their familiar all-or-nothing approach, trying to break the field from the gun, had seen the three-time European champion Diniz miss out on global titles before but for a man also famed for being an expert in wine-making, this was a champagne moment. (Reporting by Ian Chadband, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
May 2 Colliers International Group Inc
* Colliers international reports strong first quarter results
* Qtrly revenues $422.8 million versus $376.1 million
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.33
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.22, revenue view $404.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
** Japan Petroleum Exploration Co. Ltd. (JAPEX) said it started steam injection into the oil sands layer on Friday for start-up of its Hangingstone oil sands expansion project in Alberta, Canada
** Bitumen production is expected to start around the middle of the year as scheduled, and output is expected to gradually increase and reach 20,000 barrels per day by mid-2018 - Japex
** A Japex subsidiary in February completed the construction work on the Central Processing Facility, the company says
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori)
COLOMBO May 2 Sri Lankan shares were largely unchanged in thin trading, near an 11-month high on Tuesday, as foreign investors turned net sellers for the first time in 26 sessions while blue chips saw profit-booking after a prolonged rise.
Foreign investors net sold shares worth 29.8 million rupees on Tuesday, but remained net buyers of equities to the tune of 16.4 billion rupees so far this year.
Meanwhile, blue chip shares such as John Keells Holdings Plc , down 0.37 percent, and Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc , down 0.62 percent, witnessed profit-booking.
The Colombo stock index ended 0.03 percent weaker at 6,608.16, slipping from its highest close since May 20 hit on Friday.
"Short-term profit-taking was there today," said Dimantha Mathew, head of research, First Capital Holdings PLC.
"The market will continue to be bullish, but will see some profit-taking. The good thing is that we are seeing local investors coming back into the market."
Turnover stood at 471.5 million rupees ($3.10 million), nearly half of this year's daily average of 902 million rupees. ($1 = 151.9000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - DNA OYJ:
* REG-DNA PLC‘S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BULLETIN 2017: DNA‘S NET SALES AND OPERATING RESULT REACH RECORD LEVELS IN 2017
* Q4 REVENUE ‍234.6​ MILLION EUROS VERSUS EUR 225.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q4 EBITDA ‍65.7​ MILLION EUROS VERSUS EUR 51.3 MILLION YEAR AGO
* PROPOSES TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING A DIVIDEND OF EUR 0.46 PER SHARE​
* ‍PROPOSES A CAPITAL PAYMENT OF EUR 0.17 PER SHARE FROM RESERVE FOR INVESTED UNRESTRICTED EQUIT​
* ‍PROPOSES THAT AN EXTRA CAPITAL PAYMENT OF EUR 0.47 PER SHARE BE DISTRIBUTED FROM RESERVE FOR INVESTED UNRESTRICTED EQUITY.​
* ‍IN TOTAL, BOARD‘S PROPOSAL IS TO DISTRIBUTE EUR 1.10 PER SHARE.​
* ‍NET SALES AND COMPARABLE OPERATING RESULT ARE EXPECTED TO REMAIN AT SAME LEVEL AS IN 2017.​
* ‍GROUP‘S FINANCIAL POSITION AND LIQUIDITY ARE EXPECTED TO REMAIN AT A HEALTHY LEVEL.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 28 Faith Inc :
* Says the co entered into agreement to fully acquire Nippon Columbia Co Ltd via stock swap
* Says one share of Nippon Columbia will be exchanged into 0.59 share of the co
* Says the merger effective Aug. 1
* Sees Nippon Columbia Co Ltd to be delisted from TSE first section on July 27
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/yUNNO8; goo.gl/iOSzSP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, leaves their home in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, leaves their home in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
BRUSSELS/PARIS If Emmanuel Macron wins Sunday's French presidential run-off, Europe's pro-EU liberals will finally have their champion.
For centrists who have been licking their wounds since Britain voted to quit the EU a year ago, the 39-year-old will be the gallant young hero who slew the most dangerous populist dragon of them all, the National Front's Marine Le Pen.
From a Paris dinner party with the young leaders of Belgium and Luxembourg, to a conspicuous Twitter bromance with Italy's ex-premier Matteo Renzi, Macron has already built a circle of likeminded peers, unafraid to promote closer EU integration at a time when voters are being tempted by the hard right and left.The young leaders present themselves as fresh faces, free of 20th-century baggage of left-right class war.
But to fulfil their dream of a reinvigorated Europe, they still need to win over leaders from the old school, above all Germany's Angela Merkel.
One senior German official said Macron's youthful stardust could give France some "Kennedy-esque" optimism. But the official also injected a sceptical note: Berlin was "willing to talk about Europe", they said, "but the discussion has to be about responsibility as well as solidarity."
ERASMUS GENERATION
Macron discussed their plans for Europe at a private dinner party in March at the home of a French TV celebrity, attended by Belgium's 41-year-old Prime Minister Charles Michel and Luxembourg's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel, 44.
"It was a moment for sharing our commitments on Europe," Michel told Reuters of the dinner, which was kept secret until word leaked out in April. "In the coming months, we're going to have to relaunch the European project ... and for that we will need partners."
The three men are part of the first generation of European leaders to come of age with the benefits of EU citizenship.
"We are the Erasmus generation," Michel told Reuters, referring to an EU exchange programme that lets students attend universities in other countries across the bloc.
As France's youngest-ever president, Macron would step into the shoes vacated by Italy's youngest-ever prime minister, Renzi, who also took office at 39 and who stepped down last year after losing a referendum on constitutional reform.
"Bravo to @matteorenzi," Macron tweeted this week. "Together we will change Europe with all the progressives."
Renzi tweeted back: "Thank you dear Emmanuel. We are with you."
The Paris dinner party, held at Macron's invitation at the home of a TV personality Stephane Bern, a friend of Bettel, showed how the new generation of leaders is comfortable dispensing with the formality of traditional diplomacy.
"Everything's got more informal," one person familiar with the dinner said. "They've all got each other's mobile numbers. They text all the time."
Guy Verhofstadt, the liberal former Belgian prime minister, Brexit negotiator and champion of more federal EU powers, sees in Macron not just an ally who wants to end old habits of state-to-state wrangling in the EU, but an example of how social media and networking is changing policymaking -- and maybe policy too.
"Political action will completely change," Verhofstadt said.
Still, however they may be buoyed by a Macron victory, the young liberals will have a steep hill to climb to achieve a broad consensus for closer EU integration.
The historically unpopular outgoing president, Francois Hollande, failed to achieve similar aims in Europe and stands as a conspicuous example of how difficult it could be for Macron to persuade the French to back him.
All roads to EU change still run through Berlin, where proposals will be met with caution even if Merkel loses re-election this year to their centre-left, EU enthusiast challenger Martin Schulz. Germans widely see French deficit spending as a threat to the euro.
Michel, Bettel and liberal Dutch premier Mark Rutte, 50, have jointly proposed an outline for EU reform to be debated after Brexit. It calls for faster integration of some states in a "multispeed Europe", an idea that Germany was long cool to but which Merkel has lately signalled they might consider.
Some senior Benelux officials hope for revival of Franco-German harmony. They see a possible "grand bargain" where former banker Macron can eventually persuade Berlin that France can be trusted not to let deficits balloon if Germany is willing to drop its resistance to backing a share of other states' debt.
A person close to Macron described the dinner on March 5 as a private meeting between like-minded young European reformers: "It was part of their European outreach efforts."
"There is common ground," they said, while stressing Macron would not limit themselves to such alliances. "They support Macron's plans to inject new momentum into the European project and they support the message sent out by the Benelux countries."
(Writing by Alastair Macdonald; editing by Peter Graff)
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - British aerospace and defence electronics group Cobham said on Friday it has agreed to sell its AvComm and Wireless test businesses to Viavi Solutions for $455 million, as part of the latest stage of a turnaround plan.
Cobham, which had said in August that it may divest the units, plans to use the proceeds to reduce debt.
Communications equipment maker AvComm is based in the U.S., while the Wireless unit, which does 5G mobile network testing, is based in Britain, said Cobham, adding that the deal is expected to complete in the first half of this year. ​ (Reporting by Sarah Young, editing by James Davey)
* Supply of Australian wheat to make noodles tightens
* Farmers hold back stocks with prices at decade lows
* Wheat mills may seek U.S. cargoes if delays prolonged
By Naveen Thukral
SINGAPORE, April 28 Asian flour millers are facing tight supplies of a variety of Australian wheat which is used for making mainly noodles as farmers hold back stocks amid near decade-low prices.
Buyers are having difficulty in getting shipments of Australian Standard White (ASW) wheat for the coming months, which could force millers to seek alternative supplies, traders and millers said.
Asia is the world's biggest and fastest growing wheat market, fuelled by rising consumption of noodles, flat breads and bakery products. China and India each consume roughly 100 million tonnes a year and Indonesia has emerged as the world's second largest wheat importer behind Egypt, buying more than 10 million tonnes in the year to June 2016, up 35 percent on a year earlier.
"Farmers are not willing to sell as they feel prices are really low," said one Singapore-based trader. "There is no shortage of ASW, there was bumper production."
ASW wheat was being sold at a 10-year low level of about $190 a tonne, free on board, in January and February. The market has since recovered to trade around $200 a tonne but prices are still below the $220-$240 a tonne average of recent years, traders said.
The world is awash with wheat, with the U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasting global inventories at a record 252.26 million tonnes at the end of the crop year in June.
Australia produced a record 35.13 million tonnes of wheat in the 2016/17 season - about 18 percent more than the previous record of 29.6 million tonnes set in 2011/12.
"I think it is just a temporary problem of farmers not selling," said a procurement manager at one Southeast Asia-based flour miller. "There is additional demand as well, India has been buying Australian wheat."
India has bought close to 5 million tonnes of wheat since June, the most in a decade, to meet a supply shortfall after two years of lower production.
Even for Australian farmers who want to sell, big volumes of wheat and other grains being sent by truck and rail across the country after a bumper season are creating backlogs.
"There is an issue of getting grains to the ports from farms," said Ole Houe, analyst with brokerage IKON Commodities in Sydney. "There's not much problem at the ports themselves."
Asian mills prefer using ASW for noodles, where texture and mouth-feel can be affected by factors like protein content.
Wheat importers also have the option to blend grains from other origins, traders said.
"They can replace ASW with other origins and also blend varieties of wheat from the Black Sea region," said Singapore trader. "But most millers will wait even if there is some temporary delay. They prefer Australian wheat."
(Reporting by Naveen Thukral; Editing by Richard Pullin)
(Repeats story from Sunday, adds graphic link)
* Trump policies seen boosting macro strategy returns
* Macro strategy most in demand for 2017 -Credit Suisse
* Rokos, Stone Milliner, Gemsstock, EDL Capital assets climb
* For graphic click on: reut.rs/2nxD7bN
By Maiya Keidan, Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Lawrence Delevingne
LONDON/BOSTON, April 9 "Macro" hedge funds are back in favour with investors seeking to take a view on U.S. President Donald Trump's economic policies, European elections, or interest rates, but it is start-up funds rather than established players which are attracting cash.
Some of the main beneficiaries of the macro revival are managers who cut their teeth at the big macro firms such as Moore Capital Management, Brevan Howard and Tudor Investment Corp, which made their names for outperformance in 2007-2009.
Eric Siegel, head of hedge funds at Citi Private Bank, said in general that macro strategies are likely to thrive. “With volatility coming back and monetary supply tightening, we believe it could be a great environment for macro managers,” Siegel said.
Macro funds bet on macroecnomic trends using currencies, bonds, rates and stock futures. They outperformed the broader industry during the financial crisis and amassed tens of billions of dollars between 2010 and 2012. But they lost most of those assets between 2013 and 2014 and also in 2016 for a variety of reasons, including performance.
But macro is back in vogue and was the most popular hedge fund strategy among investors in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first two months of this year, according to industry data providers Preqin and eVestment.
Moore Capital's Louis Moore Bacon, Alan Howard, who co-founded Brevan Howard, and Paul Tudor Jones of Tudor Investment were among the macro stars after years of delivering double-digit returns.
But during the lean years, when macro was less in favour, they had to cut fees and in some cases staff.
Now newcomers, such as Moore Capital spin-out Stone Milliner, are pulling in cash and producing some strong returns.
Stone Milliner's discretionary global macro closed to new money last year after taking in over $4 billion in the previous two years.
Moore Capital's assets have fallen slightly from $15 billion in 2012 to $13.3 billion as of Dec. 31 2016, filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) showed.
Anglo-Swiss firm Stone Milliner, set up in 2012 by former Moore Capital portfolio managers Jens-Peter Stein and Kornelius Klobucar, averaged returns of 8.3 percent between 2014 and 2016, a source told Reuters, while Moore Capital Management averaged 3.4 percent, a second source said.
London-based Gemsstock, set up in January 2014 by Moore Capital trader Darren Read and their co-founder Al Breach, made 12.8 percent on average over the same period, documents seen by Reuters showed.
Chris Rokos, a Brevan Howard alumnus, raised another $2 billion in February after returns of 20 percent in 2016.
EDL Capital made gains of 18.4 percent last year after ex-Moore Capital trader Edouard De Langlade launched the firm in September 2015, according to a source close to EDL Capital. It has amassed assets of $450 million to date, they said.
Ben Melkman, who also formerly worked at Brevan Howard until May 2016, raised over $400 million for their launch in March, SEC filings showed.
Brevan Howard's firm-wide assets fell to $14.6 billion in 2017, from $37 billion in 2012. [here ]
RUSH FOR MACRO
But the old guard are fighting back. Some have been cutting fees and offering alternatives.
Howard, Brevan Howard's co-founder, last month launched a new fund managed solely by him, which sources said has already amassed more than $3 billion.
Tudor Investment lowered its management fees to 1.75 percent and performance fees to 20 percent in February after a reduction last year and Moore Capital cut the management fee on its Moore Macro Managers fund to 2.5 percent from 3 percent.
Tudor Jones laid off 15 percent of staff in August. The firm's main Tudor BVI Global Fund started 2017 down 0.6 percent to March 3 after gaining 0.9 percent in 2016.
Brevan cut its management fees to zero for some current investors in its Master Fund and its Multi-Strategy fund last September after a similar move from Caxton Associates.
But for both the old and new macro funds, it is still to be determined what 2017 will hold.
Even though macro funds are flat on average for the first two months of 2017, making gains of just 0.38 percent, according to Hedge Fund Research, the popularity of macro strategies is not in doubt.
A Credit Suisse survey in March of more than 320 institutional investors with $1.3 trillion in hedge funds showed macro was set to be the favourite strategy of 2017.
Preqin data showed that after pulling assets out of macro for three back-to-back quarters, investors added $6.4 billion to the strategy in the fourth quarter of 2016 after Trump's win.
eVestment data showed that macro funds have pulled in $4.4 billion in the first two months of 2017, demonstrating a turnaround from 2016 when investors took $9.8 billion out of macro after withdrawing $10 billion in 2013 and $19.1 billion in 2014.
"I don't think macro is dead. Managers who can be nimble and are able to look outside the large liquid asset classes can still find great opportunities," Erin Browne, head of Global Macro Investments at UBS O'Connor, said.
Representatives at Tudor did not immediately respond to a request to comment. Moore Capital had no comment. A spokesperson at Brevan declined to comment.
(Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
March 31 J&J:
* Johnson & Johnson publishes interim result for Actelion tender offer and declares the tender offer successful
* Janssen Holding to acquire all publicly held shares of Actelion Ltd for $280 per share
* J&J - subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, Janssen has declared tender offer successful
* Says Japan Fair Trade Commission and Israeli Antitrust Authority have cleared proposed acquisition of Actelion
* Co will initially hold 16 percent of shares of Idorsia Ltd and have rights to potentially increase to 32 percent through a convertible note Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: A BHP Billiton sign is visible behind a pile of iron ore at the company's loading facility in Port Hedland, Australia, May 30, 2008. REUTERS/Tim Wimborne/File Photo
SYDNEY Australia's Town of Port Hedland on Friday approved plans by BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) to ship an additional 5 million tonnes of iron ore annually through the port, the first stage of a plan to lift shipments to 290 million tonnes by 2019.
The increase, approved in a vote by the Port Hedland Council, is a quarter of the size BHP originally requested before being rejected in September by the town over concerns of dust pollution caused by iron ore stockpiles.
BHP is next expected to seek approval to ship 275 million tonnes of iron ore annually, before boosting shipments to 290 million tonnes by mid-2019.
BHP Billiton derives more than half its profits from selling iron ore, mostly to steel mills in China.
Since the previous application to increase exports by 20 million tonnes was opposed in September 2016, there have been discussions with key stakeholders and BHP to determine the impacts of dust on health, Port Hedland Mayor Camilo Blanco said in a statement on Friday.
BHP was not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
* Gazprom to reorganise Berlin operations
* Handelsblatt reports 100 job cuts out of 230 at unit
* Wholesaler Wingas could also be affected (Adds details, reference to Wingas, context)
By Vera Eckert
FRANKFURT/MOSCOW, March 29 Gazprom Germania, the Berlin-based subsidiary of Russian gas giant Gazprom, will reduce its staff in Germany as it restructures operations, Gazprom officials said on Wednesday.
Gazprom Germania, which has annual sales of 17 billion euros ($18.3 billion) and oversight of about 50 other Gazprom units across 20 countries, would seek to complete staff lay-offs by the end of 2017, a spokesperson for the German unit said.
They did not say how many posts would go, but Handelsblatt business daily reported about 100 of its 230 staff would be laid off. It also reported that Gazprom's German wholesale trader Wingas would be affected by the reorganisation.
The Gazprom Germania spokesperson said lay-offs would be handled in close coordination with the works council.
The number of Gazprom subsidiaries has increased rapidly in the past two decades or more. But Gazprom, which supplies a third of Europe's natural gas needs, is now facing more competition from other suppliers.
This includes rising imports of liquefied natural gas (LNG) which compete with Russian pipelines, driving down prices for consumers. The price of gas for 2018 at Germany's NCG trading point has fallen by a quarter over the past two years.
Russian businesses have also been grappling with European Union sanctions imposed over the conflict with Ukraine over Crimea.
"Our priority is to create synergies and reduce parallel structures," a Gazprom spokesperson in Moscow said of the reorganisation at the German operation, without giving details.
A spokesperson for Wingas said the unit was being integrated more closely into the Gazprom group, without elaborating.
Wingas, which employs 400 at its Kassel headquarters, came under Gazprom's full ownership in 2015 in an asset swap with former joint-venture partner, chemicals firm BASF.
Last month, Wingas announced a transfer from May of its commercial activities in Britain to Gazprom Energy, a subsidiary of London wholesaler Gazprom Marketing and Trading (GMT).
Wingas, which has been operating as a wholesaler since 1990, sells gas to local utilities and industries. It is Germany's second biggest supplier behind Uniper, and larger than its two other main rivals RWE and VNG.
($1 = 0.9273 euros) (Additional reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Editing by Christoph Steitz and Edmund Blair)
U.S. President Donald Trump arrives for the swearing in ceremony of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court Justice in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump does not like the "border adjustment" tax cooked up by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and other Republicans in the House of Representatives. At least, they do not like the term.
"I don't like the word 'adjustment', because our country gets taken advantage of, to use a nice term, by every other country in the world," Trump told Fox Business News in an interview that aired on Wednesday. "Adjustment means we lose. We lose."
"Let's call it an import tax. Let's call it a reciprocal tax," they added. "Nobody gets angry when you say reciprocal tax."
Trump was talking about a provision in Ryan's House Republican tax blueprint that has polarized the tax reform debate, as the White House tries to score a much-needed legislative victory by overhauling the U.S. tax code for the first time since the Reagan era.
The proposal would exempt U.S. corporate export revenues from federal taxes, while requiring U.S. companies to shoulder the same flat 20 percent tax rate on supplies and other purchased products, whether produced overseas or domestically.
But the president appeared to favor an import tax that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin's tax rate for U.S. products. They said such an approach could take the form of trade policy rather than tax policy.
"There has to be a certain reciprocal nature to it," the president said. "The other countries, if they're charging you a 50 percent tax, you say: 'O.K., whatever you charge, we're charging'."
The House border adjustment tax, or BAT, would help Trump keep their campaign pledge to create manufacturing jobs, advocates say, by exempting U.S. export revenue from tax while subjecting imports to the same 20 percent corporate tax imposed on domestic products.
But the measure has been angrily denounced by import-dependent industries and rejected by enough Senate Republicans to call its political viability into question.
In their Fox interview, Trump lamented the inequalities of the international tax system, saying U.S. products face high tax rates overseas while foreign-made goods enter the U.S. market tax free.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin floated the idea of a "reciprocal" tax in February, but administration officials have offered few details and lobbyists have suggested that it could strongly resemble the House BAT proposal.
"I love the idea of reciprocal," Trump said. "You can call it a reciprocal or a matching tax or a mirror tax. There are numerous terms. But the reciprocal tax is very important."
(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by James Dalgleish)
(Adds details, background)
KUWAIT, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Kuwait's oil minister Essam al-Marzouq said on Sunday that OPEC and other oil producers will study before June the possibility of an exit strategy from the global oil supply-cut agreement.
“There are still meetings every couple of months for the ministerial monitoring committee, and there will be a study formed for the possibility of an exit strategy... before June,” they told reporters.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC producers led by Russia have agreed to extend oil output cuts until the end of 2018 as they try to clear a global oil glut while signalling a possible early exit from the deal if the market overheats.
OPEC meets next in June, while the next meeting for the ministerial monitoring committee, known as the JMMC, is due to be held in January in Oman.
Russia, which this year reduced production significantly with OPEC for the first time, has been pushing for a clear message on how to exit the cuts so the market doesn't flip into a deficit too soon, prices don't rally too fast and rival U.S. shale firms don't boost output further.
Moscow needs much lower oil prices to balance its budget than OPEC's leader Saudi Arabia, which is preparing a stock market listing for national energy champion Aramco next year and would hence benefit from pricier crude.
Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Wednesday that it was too early to talk about a possible exit from the global deal to cut oil production, and the eventual withdrawal from the agreement should be gradual.
Novak said the process of exiting the deal may take between three and six months, depending on how the global oil market has recovered by then, and on the scale of oil demand.
Under the current deal the producers are cutting supply by about 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd). (Reporting by Ahmed Hagagy; writing by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Toby Chopra)
NEW YORK Rappers Faith Evans, Lil' Kim, Mase and French Montana turned out in a mini Bad Boy Records reunion to celebrate the Sean "Diddy" Combs documentary, "Can't Stop, Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story."
Combs, who founded the record label in 1993, gave the filmmakers a raw and exclusive behind-the-scenes look at their efforts to reunite the Bad Boy family for a 2016 concert in New York. They said it morphed into a story about family, tragedy and perseverance.
"It's a piece of my life ... My whole life might have to be a ten-part miniseries or something like that. But you know this is a good slice of my life to let people kind of see who Sean is," Combs told reporters on the red carpet at the Tribeca Film Festival on Thursday.
"It feels surreal but also I feel proud ... I'm so New York, you know, and to be at the Tribeca Film Festival it's beyond your dreams," added Combs, 47, who was born in Harlem.
The screening was followed by a concert in which Lil' Kim, Mase and other label members performed some of their biggest hits.
The film will be launched on Apple Music on June 25.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
The Baby Blacks have started their World Rugby U20s championship campaign this morning with an emphatic 67-0 thumping of Japan in Narbonne, France.
New Zealand's halfback Xavier Roe was sensational, setting up two tries in the first half before crossing over in the second spell for a well-deserved try of their own.
Japan couldn't contain Roe in the first half as they blitzed their defence with sheer speed around the breakdown and at set-piece.
Roe set up both of their winger Leicester Faingaanuku's tries with darting runs from the ruck and at the back of a New Zealand line-out in the 4th and 19th minutes.
The big win from the Baby Blacks puts them firmly on top of Pool A, their trans-Tasman rivals Australia suffered a 26-21 loss against Wales in their first fixture of the tournament.
Life & Death: A Buddhist Perspective, by James Hilgendorf
End
-- James Hilgendorf, author of Life & Death: A Buddhist Perspective and other books, will be giving a talk on Wednesday, January 11th, sponsored by the Santa Barbara, California chapter of the International Association for Near Death Experiences. The talk will be held at Unity of Santa Barbara, 2276 E. Arrellaga St., Santa Barbara, Ca. from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.Many people who have gone through near-death experiences, talk of crossing a bridge or river, or going through a tunnel, and then encountering a light.What is this light?In their talk, "Waking Up To Who You Really Are", James Hilgendorf will be exploring this topic, in the process drawing on many other topics and sources - from writers like Leo Tolstoy, Joseph Campbell, Arnold Toynbee, Carl Jung, and others, to the most cutting-edge theories of modern physics, to religious concepts such as karma, to the problem of suffering and happiness - to get at a portrait of who we really are, and what we are doing on this planet Earth, and where this civilization we inhabit is headed to in the next millennium or two.James Hilgendorf is a filmmaker, speaker, poet, and the author of eleven books. They have been practicing Buddhism for over forty years with the Soka Gakkai International, a Buddhist lay organization of 12,000,000 members in 192 countries and territories, working for world peace, individual happiness, and the friendship of all peoples.Of one of their books, "Life & Death: A Buddhist Perspective, two reviewers wrote:"Having read all or parts of nearly a thousand books dealing with spiritual matters, I cannot recall another that so simply and effectively blends the fundamentals of religion and science." - Michael E. Tymn, Journal of Religion and Psychical Research."A must-read! I am serious when I say that reading James Hilgendorf's 'Life & Death: A Buddhist Perspective' was a life-changing experience. It has changed the way I will live the rest of my life." - Lisbeth Gant-Britton, author of "African American History, and Student Affairs Officer and UCLA Faculty at UCLA.The author's website is at: http://www.jameshilgendorf.org
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Panoramic Roof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto, Inalfa, Inteva, Yachiyo, CIE Automotive, Aisin Seiki, Mobitech, DONGHEE, Wanchao.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Panoramic Roof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Panoramic Roof report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-panoramic-roof-market/5906/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Multi-Panel Sunroof, Single Panel Sunroof.
Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: SUV, Sedan & Hatchback, Other Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Panoramic Roof Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-panoramic-roof-market/5906/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Panoramic Roof market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Panoramic Roof market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Panoramic Roof distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Drivers of Mercedes Formula One team Valtteri Bottas (R) of Finland and Lewis Hamilton of Britain greet each other after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Members of Mercedes Formula One team, including drivers Valtteri Bottas of Finland and Lewis Hamilton of Britain, pose for a picture after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Winner and Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas (C) of Finland, second-placed Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel (L) of Germany and third-placed Ferrari Formula One driver Kimi Raikkonen of Finland stand on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory with team members after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Winner and Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland sprays champagne on the podium. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory with team members after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 30/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland celebrates the victory with team members, who spray champagne after the race. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Valtteri Bottas stepped into the shoes of a champion when they joined Mercedes and in Russia on Sunday the Finn finally got that winning feeling.
Triple world champion Lewis Hamilton has experienced it 54 times in their career and Nico Rosberg, the 2016 title-winner replaced by Bottas in January, won 23 grands prix before retiring.
Mercedes have won 53 of the last 63 Formula One races, since the start of the V6 turbo hybrid era, but the team could still revel in the new arrival experiencing what will surely be the first of many victories.
Hamilton congratulated the Finn after the finish, and Rosberg sent a congratulatory message on Twitter, before Bottas took a hefty swig of the podium champagne and breathed a sigh of satisfaction and relief.
After 81 races, and four seasons with Williams before getting the call from Mercedes, Bottas had added victory to the pole position and fastest lap they already had on their resume.
"Getting the first win is something special, even though you always believe in yourself, because there's no point being here or doing this if you don't believe in your skill," they told reporters.
"If you think that you are not able to win, then definitely you should stay at home.
"But to actually get that confirmation, get that result -- because results are what matters in this world, how much you can collect points, how many races you can win, how many times you can be on the podium -- that's the name of the game.
"And getting that first win definitely gives me a lot of confidence that I can do it, even though I always knew I had the ability. And now it's done, I just want to do it again and again."
The start was the key, with Bottas lining up third and behind the two Ferraris before the lights went out and they were able to get the jump on both red cars and lead into the first corner.
They then held off Sebastian Vettel, Ferrari's championship leader, in the closing laps to cross the line with a 0.6-second advantage.
As they took the chequered flag, they swore and whooped in a rare emotional outburst for a man who had earlier told their race engineer to be quiet so that they could concentrate fully on the job in hand.
"It wasn't the easiest race to win but it feels better when you actually need to earn it. And for my first one, it's very special," said Bottas.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
The Latest: Golden Globe Award nominations announced
hello
FILE - In this Jan.. 6, 2009, file photo, Golden Globe statuettes are displayed during a news conference in Beverly Hills, Calif. Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Associated Press
LOS ANGELES -- The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards (all times local):
5:28 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
___
5:25 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand" and "Loving Vincent."
___
5:22 a.m.
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills, California. They are "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
___
5:20 a.m.
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills, California. The nominees for best TV comedy series are: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
___
5 a.m.
Decked in a large cozy sweater, actor Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before they take the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards.
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations, which honor acting and other work in film and television.
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit, bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins.
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell, Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton.
___
12 a.m.
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills, California.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern, with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC's "Today" show. Among the favorites are Steven Spielberg's "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk."
In the television categories "The Handmaid's Tale" and "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big morning.
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website said to be shot on May 3, 2017, shows civil defense members trying to put out a fire at what is said to be the site of a car bomb, in what is said to be Azaz, Syria. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website said to be shot on May 3, 2017, shows what is said to be the site of a car bomb in what is said to be Azaz, Syria. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website said to be shot on May 3, 2017, shows civil defense members trying to put out a fire at what is said to be the site of a car bomb, in what is said to be Azaz, Syria. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website said to be shot on May 3, 2017, shows a burning vehicle at what is said to be the site of a car bomb in what said to be Azaz, Syria. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
BEIRUT A car bomb killed at least five people and wounded several others in a rebel-held town in northern Syria on Wednesday in an attack Syria's political opposition said targeted its officials and local headquarters.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also put the death toll at five and said it was expected to rise due to the number of people seriously wounded by the blast in Azaz. The town near the Turkish border has long been a major base for rebels, including groups backed by Ankara.
"A booby-trapped car exploded in front of a headquarters for the interim government," a spokesperson for the Turkey-based Syrian National Coalition (SNC), Ahmad Ramadan, told Reuters by phone.
One of those killed was a guard, Ramadan said. They blamed the attack on Islamic State.
"It was a direct targeting of the (interim) government because the centre includes departments of various ministries and local councils," they said.
There was no claim of responsibility for the blast.
The opposition's interim government, allied with the SNC, carries out technical and administrative functions of government from within opposition-held Syria. SNC members also sit on the High Negotiations Committee (HNC), the main Syrian opposition body which represents both political and armed groups.
Rebel groups clashed in Azaz in November, one of many incidents that has shown the division among some of the armed opposition, which ranges from Western-backed moderate factions to hardline Islamists, including al Qaeda-linked fighters.
In separate insurgent in-fighting around Damascus since last week, factions are clashing east of the capital in violence that has killed scores of fighters and a number of civilians.
Syria's six-year-old civil war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and displaced more than 11 million.
(Reporting by John Davison and Ellen Francis; Editing by Louise Ireland)
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING, June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year, three people familiar with the matter told Reuters, as quality issues continue to dog the world's largest market for green cars.
EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland's Jon Welsh returns to test rugby on Saturday for the first time since being at the centre of a controversial refereeing decision that cost their country a rare win at Twickenham and a place in the semi-finals of the last World Cup.
The prop is refusing to dwell on a horror call against them when they gave away a penalty for being offside in the last minute of the 2015 quarter-final against Australia, who booted over the subsequent kick to win the game by a single point.
“It is what it is. I've hardly been asked about that until recent months,” said Welsh in the build-up to Scotland's opening Six Nations clash against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday, where they win their first cap since the ill-fated incident.
”The worst thing you can do as a professional, in rugby or any sport, is to dwell on mistakes. We train hard on the rugby pitch to not make mistakes but they are going to happen.
“It's something I don't look back on at all. Obviously it's unfortunate, nobody wanted it to happen. But it did and it was on to the next thing for me.”
The decision by South African referee Craig Joubert was later labelled wrong by World Rugby but Welsh took a conciliatory tone as they reflected on the heart-breaking 35-34 defeat.
INSTINCTIVELY GRABBED
Joubert adjudged Welsh to have been offside as they instinctively grabbed at the ball after it looked to have been knocked-on off the shoulder of teammate Josh Strauss. But it was Wallaby scrumhalf Nick Phipps who made contact with the ball last before Welsh, who then should not have been deemed offside.
“He made the call. In the game of rugby you respect the ref's call. Has anybody tried to referee a game before? There are a thousand things going on. Obviously if they had gone to the TMO they would have seen it came off Phipps. It is tough for a referee. They didn't get the call right there.”
Welsh went immediately off to join Newcastle in the English Premiership after the World Cup and lost their place in the Scotland side.
”I'd never abandoned hope that I'd get back into the Scotland side. I've always been in training squads or at least called back into them. I don't think the desire ever goes away to play for Scotland. I just kept training away and I've been lucky enough to be given another shot.”
Saturday's match will be a 12th cap for the 31-year-old, profiting from an injury crisis among the Scotland front rowers.
March 30 Shenzhen Topway Video Communication Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 3 yuan for every 10 shares as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/2HyJQ6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
An employee pumps petrol into a car at a petrol station in Hanoi, Vietnam December 20, 2106. REUTERS/Kham
NEW YORK Stocks rose slightly on Wall Street on Wednesday and a global equities index ticked lower, while crude futures hit a nine-day high after a smaller-than-expected build in U.S. inventories.
The U.S. dollar rose with support from remarks by various Federal Reserve officials. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said they favor further interest rate hikes this year, while Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017.
Weighing on the euro and pound, Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union, a decision pitching their country into the unknown.
On Tuesday, the Scottish Parliament backed a bid to hold an independence referendum that could break up the UK, adding another layer of uncertainty for investors.
Gains in the energy sector .SPNY, up 1.22 percent, kept the S&P 500 afloat, while the Dow fell for the ninth session of the last 10. Traders continue to assess the execution risk from a Trump administration that failed to pass its first major piece of legislation despite holding majorities in both chambers of Congress.
"The policy risk has increased ... but economic data still remains solid and therefore earnings should be good," said Walter Todd, chief investment officer of Greenwood Capital in Greenwood, South Carolina. "Absent some revelation on the policy front, I think (earnings are) the next catalyst for the market."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 42.18 points, or 0.2 percent, to close at 20,659.32, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 2.56 points, or 0.11 percent, to 2,361.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 22.41 points, or 0.38 percent, to 5,897.55.
It was among the lightest trading volume days on Wall Street so far this year.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 rose 0.39 percent. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS was down less than 0.1 percent. Emerging market stocks .MSCIEF rose 0.16 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index .DXY gained 0.24 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.43 percent to $1.0766. On Tuesday, the index posted its largest daily percentage increase since March 1.
Sterling hit a one-week low of $1.2375 GBP= earlier, and was last trading at $1.2432, down 0.13 percent.
"Sterling will be incredibly sensitive to (Brexit) negotiations, and will offer a clear gauge of how things are panning out. We could see it move lower still if negotiations take a sour turn - $1.10 is feasible," said Neil Wilson, senior markets analyst at ETX Capital.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields fell after the 10-year note yield hit a session high at 2.427 percent, higher than Tuesday's. Ten-year notes US10YT=RR were last up 8/32 in price to yield 2.3801 percent.
Oil prices rose after U.S. gasoline stockpiles dropped sharply last week, while crude inventories grew less than anticipated.
U.S. crude CLc1 was last up 2.5 percent to $49.56 a barrel and Brent LCOc1 traded at $52.42, up 2.1 percent on the day.
Spot gold XAU= rose 0.1 percent to $1,252.91 an ounce. U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.2 percent to $1,252.80 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin, David Gaffen, Lewis Krauskopf and Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish)
BEIJING, April 10 China's banks and other financial firms should provide support for the integration of the economies of Hebei, Beijing and Tianjin, a top central bank official said in remarks published on Monday.
On April 1, the government announced plans to establish a new special economic zone in Xiongan, in the heavily polluted province of Hebei, in order to promote integration with the neighbouring cities of Beijing and Tianjin.
"The financial sector should seize the major opportunities brought by Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cooperation strategy for its own development," Pan Gongsheng, a vice central bank governor, was quoted as saying in a statement on the bank's website.
Pan told a meeting at which officials from the central bank, the National Development and Reform Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, as well as those from Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei discussed ways to finance the integration.
Financial institutions should step up support for infrastructure and environmental projects, as well as industrial upgrading and technology innovation in the region, provide long-term capital and green financing, Pan said.
"Serving the country's major strategy is an important responsibility of financial institutions," the central bank said in the statement.
Officials also pledged to help firms raise funds on bond and equity markets and get overseas financing.
China is implementing a plan aimed at integrating the economies of Hebei, Beijing and Tianjin, a heavily polluted region known as Jing-Jin-Ji.
Beijing, home to 22 million people, is trying to curb population growth and relocate industries and other "non-capital functions" to Hebei as part of efforts to curb pollution and congestion. (Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
May 3 Tpg Specialty Lending Inc
* Tpg Specialty Lending, Inc. Announces quarter ended March 31, 2017 financial results
* Tpg Specialty Lending Inc says net investment income of $28.5 million, or $0.48 per share, for quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Tpg Specialty Lending Inc says net asset value per share was $16.04 at March 31, 2017 as compared to $15.95 at december 31, 2016
* Tpg Specialty Lending Inc says board of directors has declared a quarterly base dividend of $0.39 per share
* Tpg Specialty Lending Inc says qtrly net income per share $0.47 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
No NFL player has had a larger workload than Todd Gurley this season. He's touched the ball 106 times, while also leading the league in carries with 86. Their production has been off the charts – 596 yards from scrimmage – which is why Sean McVay keeps feeding them the ball.
However, that large of a workload does take a toll on the body after a while – especially when you're not eating before games.
Gurley always plays on an empty stomach, and it affects the way they feel afterwards, too.
“I'm always tired after the game, because I can never eat before games,” Gurley said. “I'm mostly like super drained. But for the most part, I'm fine. And some days I can't walk, but it takes a couple days. I'll be right back. It's all good.”
You might be wondering, “why doesn't they just eat before games?” That's a good question, which they don't have an answer to.
“I don't know,” Gurley said. “I just never been able to. I try, but that's about it. I might get a shake, but that's about the only thing.”
Gurley was a workhorse last season, carrying it 278 times. At their current rate, he'll blow past that total, considering he's on pace for 344 carries, which would be the most in the NFL since DeMarco Murray had 392 in 2014 for the Cowboys.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
It'll be interesting to see if Gurley's workload remains as large as it's been, especially with the Rams aiming towards making the postseason. They'll absolutely need them healthy and fresh for the long haul, which means wearing them out early probably isn't a great idea.
April 13 Argen X BV:
* Receives first preclinical milestone payment in abbvie collaboration
* Announces achievement of first of two preclinical milestones on its way to investigational new drug (IND) filing of ARGX-115, triggering a $10 million payment from Abbvie Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Election means 'new game' of Brexit negotiations for the City
LONDON Large banks are planning to step up their lobbying of the British government as they sense an opportunity to change its priorities in the upcoming Brexit negotiations, John McFarlane, who chairs the UK's main financial lobby group, told Reuters.
COPENHAGEN Danish life science investor Novo A/S said on Wednesday it was raising its stake in Synlab to about 20 percent through a 250 million euro (212.43 million pounds) subscription to new shares, ahead of a potential listing of Europe's second largest lab operator.
Novo A/S acquired more than 10 percent of Synlab in December from buyout group Cinven [CINV.UL]. By increasing its stake, Novo A/S will become the second largest investor in Synlab.
"If the company is listed, we will be in a fine position to keep our level of ownership," Michael Shalmi, managing director for large investments at Novo A/S, told Reuters.
Novo A/S would focus on the company's strategy and performance, and did not have strong views on whether Synlab should be listed or remain private, Shalmi said.
"We've now reached a fine ownership level which fits our wishes for our long-term investments well," they said.
Cinven bought Synlab in 2015 in a deal worth 1.8 billion euros including debt and merged it with French Lab chain Labco, which it had bought for 1.2 billion euros in the same year.
Novo's investment gives Synlab an enterprise value of about 4.5 billion euros, as Synlab's net debt stood at 2.125 billion euros in December 2016, according to an investor presentation.
Synlab's valuation of more than 15 times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation puts it at a premium to European market leader Sonic (SHL.AX), which trades at 13 times core 2016 earnings.
European lab operators, providing standard blood and urine tests as well as other medical and veterinary diagnostic services, have been consolidating to cut costs over recent years. Synlab bought 34 laboratories last year.
Europe's two largest players - Australia's Sonic and Synlab - command about 5 percent of the European market, compared with the 45 percent of the U.S. market controlled by the two biggest firms in the United States.
Shalmi said capital invested by Novo A/S would fund further acquisitions by Synlab, advancing a consolidation strategy that aims to systemise and industrialise laboratory operations.
Novo A/S, which invests the assets of the 47 billion euro Novo Nordisk Foundation, is the controlling shareholder in Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO) and Novozymes (NZYMb.CO).
Synlab posted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of 292 million euros in 2016 on revenues of 1.6 billion euros.
Cinven declined to comment.
(Additional reporting Arno Schuetze, Nikolaj Skydsgaard and Alasdair Reilly; Editing by Edmund Blair)
SYDNEY, April 6 Australia's export earnings from mining and energy commodities were forecast on Friday to leap 32 percent to a record A$215 billion ($162 billion) in fiscal year 2017, reflecting recoveries in its most valuable exports - iron ore and coal.
Surprisingly higher prices for both commodities coupled with rising liquefied natural gas exports are likely to be the most significant contributors to growth in export earnings five years after Australia's mining boom came to a halt, according to the Department of Industry, Innovation and Science.
Strong steel production in China has supported higher iron ore and metallurgical coal prices.
But the hikes are unlikely to last, the department said in its latest quarterly commodities update on Friday.
Steel output in China, the world's biggest consumer of both commodities, should decline over the next five years as construction slows, particularly in the residential sector, it warned.
The strength in iron ore led the department to lift its 2017 iron ore forecast by 26 percent to $65.20 a tonne. But it also predicted the following five years would see prices average just $51.
Iron ore rose to a 30-month high of $89 a tonne in mid-February, defying most forecasts for prices to recoil. Iron ore averaged $79 in the first quarter, up 23 percent from the previous quarter and 75 percent year-on-year.
Iron ore .IO62-CNO=MB stood at $81.54 a tonne on Thursday, according to Metal Bulletin.
But swelling supply, mostly from Australia and Brazil, where Rio Tinto , BHP Billiton and Vale SA dominate output, should steadily outpace demand growth for the rest of 2017 and beyond, reducing the price, according to the department.
"China's iron ore port stocks have steadily risen in the December and March quarters, to reach 130 million tonnes — the highest level on record," it said.
The department also lifted its forecast for thermal coal contract prices in 2017 by 9 percent to $81 a tonne, citing limits in China on domestic mining to curb air pollution, but sees slippage to under $70 in the following five years.
The department's 2017 price forecast of $193.80 a tonne for metallurgical coal, used to make steel, was made prior to the damage to Australian collieries last week caused by Cyclone Debbie.
Metallurgical coal jumped 8.5 percent on Wednesday in its biggest single-day spike since November after producers BHP and Glencore declared force majeure on deliveries due to flooded haulage rail lines. ($1 = 1.3264 Australian dollars) (Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
By Marc Jones
LONDON, March 31 World stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in some of the more than 6 percent gain that has given them their best start to year since 2012, while the dollar inched towards what could be its strongest week of 2017 so far.
Asian and European shares both saw profit-taking as traders squared up for the quarter, though there was plenty still going, not least in South Africa where the sacking of its respected finance minister sent the rand tumbling again.
The dollar had its tail up after U.S. growth data, talk of as many as three more Fed rate hikes this year and the best Chinese manufacturing data in nearly 5 years, though even that couldn't prevent commodity markets wilting.
Oil was back under $53 a barrel, metals were down 1 percent and Europe's Basic Resources index, where big miners are listed, fell 1.7 percent to leave London's FTSE and the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.5-0.6 percent.
The later was still on track for a 5 percent rise and third straight quarterly gain in a row, although emerging markets have been the big winners. MSCI's EM stocks index is up 12.5 percent on a dollar-adjusted basis. reut.rs/2ne9sjH
Against a basket of the world's other major currencies the dollar was up 0.1 percent and tantalisingly close to a 1 percent weekly gain that would be its best in an otherwise lacklustre year.
Over the quarter the greenback has fallen 1.7 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritising - and did not have the necessary power - to push through Congress the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year.
"We are relatively optimistic on global growth but we think the cyclical trade has rotated away from the Trump trade and near-term U.S. fiscal stimulus," said Schroders' multi-asset Portfolio Manager Angus Sippe.
"We are now more optimistic on the euro zone," they said, adding they were also "marginally short the dollar."
The euro held its own at just under $1.07 as data showed euro zone inflation had slowed in March by far more than the economists had expected, driven down mostly by a deceleration of energy price rises.
There were tentative signs too that the euro zone's weakest members would be hit the hardest by an imminent scaling back of the European Central Bank's asset purchase programme.
The yield, an indication of borrowing costs, on bonds of southern euro zone states including Portugal and Italy headed higher in the final day of trading before the ECB drops its monthly purchases of debt from 80 billion to 60 billion euros.
Top ECB policymaker Benoit Coeure emphasised the bank would tread carefully with any further changes.
GOOD AS GOLD
In Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan retreated 0.55 percent after its 12.5 percent charge over the quarter.
Hong Kong shares fell 0.6 percent, but were still headed for a 9.8 percent quarterly jump and China's CSI 300 index added 0.4 percent, putting it on track for a 4.3 percent quarterly rise.
"Asia saw some pretty healthy profit-taking after a few sessions of solid gains, and as investors await euro zone and U.S. inflation data tonight," said James Woods, global investment analyst at Rivkin Securities in Sydney.
Next week promises to an interesting start to the second quarter.
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet in Florida and the U.S. president has set the tone by tweeting that Washington could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
They will also sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing the deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, their top trade officials said.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday that it does not have a policy to devalue its currency to promote exports, and neither does it seek a trade surplus with the United States.
"The dialogue emanating from that is going to help set the tone of the relationship between the U.S. and China and these days it goes beyond trade. There is a lot to discuss geopolitically, not the least North Korea," said PIMCO portfolio manager Yacov Arnopolin.
In commodities, Brent oil and U.S. crude dipped to $52.91 a barrel and $50.35 a barrel, having zipped higher on Thursday after Kuwait backed an extension of OPEC production cuts.
Oil was heading for a 6.8 percent loss for the quarter, though. In contrast gold which was at $1,241.81 has gained nearly 8 since the start of the year.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Marc Jones; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG, March 28 China Southern Airlines Co Ltd said on Tuesday it would issue HK$1.55 billion ($199.6 million) worth of shares to a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Airlines Group Inc., raising funds for general working capital.
The Chinese carrier will issue 270.61 million H-shares, representing 2.68 percent of the enlarged share capital of the airline, it said in a filing to the Hong Kong bourse.
The shares will be issued at HK$5.74 apiece, or at a 4.6 percent premium to the previous close.
($1 = 7.7676 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not Their Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Dylan Frittelli continued their impressive recent form on Saturday after carding a bogey-free eight-under-par 64 to take a three-shot lead into the final day of the China Open.
Challenge Tour graduate Frittelli, who finished a season best tied for fifth at Shenzhen last week, followed up their clubhouse record-equalling 63 at Topwin Golf and Country Club on Friday with eight birdies to finish 19-under.
Overnight leader Pablo Larrazabal stretched the lead to four shots early in the day but two bogeys on the front nine saw them slip behind the South African Frittelli, who is in search of their first European Tour title.
"I like to think I would keep the same game plan tomorrow and maybe adjust on the back nine depending on the situation," Frittelli said.
"Pablo played great out there today as well. He's not going to lie down, they are one of the toughest guys to get into a dog fight with on the European Tour. So I'm definitely going to be wary of them tomorrow."
The 33-year-old Spaniard recovered with three consecutive birdies from the 10th to post 70 on day three, the nearest challenger on the leaderboard. They were followed by 2014 winner Alexander Levy of France at 12-under-par for the tournament.
Levy stuttered in the beginning, losing two shots on the fourth-hole and needed birdies on the eighth, 11th and 15th to finish with 71.
Chris Wood, who has struggled during the early part of 2017, found their groove on day three by firing six birdies on the front nine to card 65 and get up to 11-under-par.
The Englishman finished one shot clear of South Korean Moon Kyong-jun and last week's winner Bernd Wiesberger of Austria.
Moon was spotless in their round of 66, while world number 30 Wiesberger finished with a 69 after a mixed bag on the front nine which included two bogeys and an eagle.
Defending champion Li Haotong and Yi Cao shared the seventh spot and remained in contention alongside South African George Coetzee, England's Ross Fisher and Lee Soo-min of South Korea.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Edmonton's Nathan Fillion voiced frat jock Johnny in the prequel Monsters University. So accepting an invitation back to the Pixar party for a car 3 job was an easy sophomore decision. “I said, ‘Where do I sign up?' because I've always been a huge Pixar fan,” says Fillion at the Anaheim Convention Center festooned with all things Cars 3.
In the latest animated motion picture, Fillion's Mr. Sterling is a smooth operator and business car racing sponsor who cajoles Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) into getting a modern makeover. It seems Lightning isn't the speedy winner they once are. A new generation of racers have been taking the checkered flag, especially the self-involved Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer).
To get back in gear, Lightning undergoes Sterling's modern methods, which include working out with enthusiastic young race trainer Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo). For nostalgia's sake, they also count on inspirational memories from the late Hudson Hornet. Some other familiar personalities return. Mater (Larry the Cable Guy), Sally Carrera (Bonnie Hunt) and Ramone (Cheech Marin) are around to help out Lightning. New, besides Fillion's Sterling, Hammer's Storm and Alonzo's Cruz, is racing expert Natalie Certain (Kerry Washington). NASCAR drivers Jeff Gordon, Richard Petty, Chase Elliott, among others, also lend their voices.
Whether they're Pixar veterans or first-timers, the task remains the same. “Listen to what they tell you during the recording sessions,” Fillion says. “Nothing in (Pixar) movies happens by accident. By the time you are in front of the microphone, all the hard work has already been done.”
In this case, the creative team is led by Cars 3 director Brian Fee, who makes their directorial debut after paying their Cars' dues. They were a storyboard artist on 2006's Cars and 2011's Cars 2, which combined to earn close to $1 billion US world-wide at the box office. Added pressure for Fee arrives with the fact that now Disney-Pixar animation head honcho John Lasseter directed the first Cars so they have a soft spot in their heart for the series.
Instead of intimidating Fee, however, Lasseter's faith in the filmmaker made them more assured that they were up to the test of assembling a third Cars movie which seems to have more mature themes focusing on aging and female empowerment. The latter story point was key for the director. Fee has two daughters, eight and 11. It's one of the reasons they changed the trainer character from male to female during the early stages of story development.
For the Hudson Hornet sequences, Fee re-edited unused dialogue from the dearly departed Paul Newman's recording sessions with Lasseter more than a decade ago. “I felt extremely fortunate we got what we needed,” says the director. Fillion's not surprised by the extra effort. “Pixar cares about story most,” they say.
So does the actor who was born and raised in Edmonton, and eventually attended the University of Alberta before heading to L.A. for an acting career. They managed cult status playing Captain Mal Reynolds in Joss Whedon's short-lived, but acclaimed 2002-2003 sci-fi series Firefly (and they starred in the 2005 film Serenity based on the show). That fame's been eclipsed by their writer-detective Richard Castle after eight seasons on ABC's Castle.
As it is, Fillion's heading back to Vancouver where he's shooting their role in the second season of the Netflix series Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events. They also enjoyed a six-episode Modern Family arc portraying weatherman Rainer Shine. Sadly, their cameo in the Guardians of the Galaxy sequel had to be cut by their buddy James Gunn.
Still, he's excited about what their future holds – a cameo in the third Guardians movie perhaps – now that the grind of headlining the Castle series is behind him. “Castle was an incredible success and I made good friends, but it was a crushing time commitment,” Fillion says.
These days, the good news is Fillion fans come from assorted demographics. “I get a mix of Firefly and Castle fans, and you can throw some Modern Family in there, too,” they say.
May 3 WellCare Health Plans Inc
* Wellcare reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.61
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $1.50
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.18 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Raises fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share view to $6.55 to $6.80
* Wellcare health plans inc - is increasing its full-year 2017 adjusted eps guidance to a range of $6.55 to $6.80 from its previous guidance range
* Wellcare health plans-medicare health plans membership was 356,000 members at March 31, 2017, up 9.2 percent compared with March 31, 2016
* Wellcare health plans - medicare health plans membership was 356,000 members at March 31, 2017, and increased by 30,000 members compared with March 31, 2016
* Wellcare health plans inc- medicare health plans premium revenue of $1.1 billion for q1 of 2017 increased 12.4 percent compared with q1 of 2016
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $6.69 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wellcare health plans inc - q1 gaap total premium revenue $3,947 million versus $3,536 million
* Wellcare health plans - medicare pdp membership was 1.1 million as of March 31, 2017, and increased by 74,000 members, or 7.2 percent versus March 31, 2016
* Q1 revenue view $3.86 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wellcare health plans inc - sees fy total gaap premium revenue $16.55 billion to $16.95 billion
* Wellcare health plans inc - sees fy total adjusted premium revenue $16.45 billion to $16.85b billion
* Fy2017 revenue view $16.27 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Wellcare health plans inc - revised 2017 outlook includes acquisitions of universal american and certain assets of php Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Derby County forward Tom Lawrence scored in Wales' 1-0 win to Georgia in the World Cup qualifier on Friday night.
Lawrence started the game, and scored their first international goal in what was their ninth cap for their country, as Wales now prepare to face the Republic of Ireland on Monday night.
Fellow Ram Joe Ledley also started for Chris Coleman's side, who went into the match second in Group D, knowing that a win for them, and a draw for the Republic of Ireland against Moldova, would guarantee second spot in the group.
(Image: Press Association)
The first half was goalless, as both teams had chances to go ahead, including Lawrence, who was played in by Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey, only to fire their shot over the crossbar.
Into the second half and Wales began very positively, before a fabulous strike by Lawrence in the 49th minute went in the net before Georgia goalkeeper Loria could react
The goal was Lawrence's first for their country, and Wales stayed in front for the remainder of the game to earn all three points, to move a point behind group leaders Serbia.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where they kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled, Euille said.
“I never saw them get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties,” Euille told The Associated Press. “He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought,” they said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “loner.” Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did, they said.
“There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress,” said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria.
“We're just not sure at this time” how they spent their time, they said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
“I didn't like them from the beginning,” they said. “Nothing I can really put my finger on, but they were just not a pleasant person.”
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said they didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
“I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois.
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
___
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
OSLO Norway and China are looking to increase cooperation on energy, a senior Norwegian official told Reuters, in another sign of thawing relations between Oslo and Beijing following a seven-year row over the Nobel Peace Prize.
Norway's deputy oil and energy minister Ingvil Smines Tybring-Gjedde said China wanted to learn from Norway's expertise in reducing costs and pollution. They were speaking after a meeting with China's biggest offshore oil producer, CNOOC, in Beijing on Thursday.
"CNOOC was interested in how Norway have reduced costs and our experiences in clean and environmentally friendly technology ... (they) would like to learn more from Norway and the Norwegian industry," Tybring-Gjedde told Reuters after talks with Lv Bo, CNOOC vice president and chairperson of the group's two listed subsidiaries.
The meeting came ahead of Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg's four-day visit to China on Friday, the first since the two countries resumed full diplomatic relations in December.
Solberg is due to meet President Xi Jinping on Monday, and other top Chinese officials.
Relations between the two countries broke down in 2010 when the Nobel Peace Prize, which is decided by a Norwegian committee, was awarded to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. They remain in prison.
Despite the rift, Norwegian state oil firm Statoil has still been able to collaborate with CNOOC and Chinese peer Sinochem in the Gulf of Mexico and Brazil, respectively.
CNOOC, which operates the 180,000 barrels per day Buzzard field offshore Britain via its subsidiary Nexen, has previously said it would be interested in investing in Norway.
Norway is seeking to attract new players as interest from oil majors has dwindled as oil production has halved since peaking at the turn of the century.[nL3N1H03NB][nL5N1H63S2]
"We had an open dialogue and agreed to cooperate more closely," Tybring-Gjedde said.
Statoil sells about 100,000 barrels of crude oil per day to Chinese refineries, in addition to LPG and other products.
Its CEO Eldar Saetre will be among Norwegian business executives travelling to China with Solberg.
A spokesperson for Statoil declined to comment on the meetings.
(Editing by Susan Fenton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Residents receive food at a distribution point after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at Tayaran district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Residents receive food at a distribution point after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at Tayaran district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
An Iraqi soldier takes lunch as they stand guard at a distribution point after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at Tayaran district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
An Iraqi man walks past buildings and cars which were destroyed during fighting between Iraqi forces and Islamic State fighters in eastern Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui
Iraqi children walk past a damaged building after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at their district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Displaced Iraqis display a white flag on their truck as they flee western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
A displaced Iraqi pushes a wheelbarrow with children on their way home after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at their district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Iraqi men walk past a damaged building after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at their district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
An Iraqi man walks with their son past a damaged building after the end of the battles between the Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants at their district in western Mosul, Iraq, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
BAGHDAD An Iraqi commander expects to dislodge Islamic State from Mosul in May despite resistance from militants in the densely populated Old City district.
The battle should be completed "in a maximum of three weeks", the army's chief of staff, Lieutenant General Othman al-Ghanmi, was quoted as saying by state-run newspaper al-Sabah on Sunday.
A U.S.-led international coalition is providing air and ground support for the offensive in Mosul, the largest city in northern Iraq, which fell to hardline Sunni Muslim fighters in June 2014.
Islamic State has lost most of the city since the offensive began in October and is now surrounded in the northwestern districts, including the historic Old City centre.
The United Nations believes up to half a million people remain in the area, 400,000 of whom are in the Old City with little food, water and medicine.
The militants have dug in among the civilians, often launching deadly counter-attacks to repel forces closing in on the Old City's Grand al-Nuri Mosque, from where Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared a caliphate over parts of Iraq and Syria.
The hardline group persecuted non-Sunni communities and inflicted harsh punishments on Sunnis who do not abide by its extreme interpretation of Islam.
SLAVERY
A group of 36 Yazidi survivors has been rescued after three years of "slavery" under Islamic State's rule, the United Nations said on Sunday.
Since Friday, the women and girls from the group have received lodging, clothing, medical and psychological aid in Duhok, a Kurdish city north of Mosul, said a statement from U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq Lise Grande.
The Yazidis, whose beliefs combine elements of several Middle Eastern religions, were the most persecuted community under Islamic State which considered them devil-worshippers.
The U.N. estimates that up to 1,500 Yazidi women and girls remain in captivity, suffering abuse.
Iraqi forces estimate the number of Islamic State fighters still in Mosul at 200 to 300, mostly foreigners, down from nearly 6,000 when the offensive started. They are still capable of deadly counter-attacks on the tens of thousands of soldiers and paramilitary groups arrayed against them.
A Federal Police brigade commander and 18 other members of the Interior Ministry force were killed in attacks on two positions at the edge of the Old City on Friday, military sources said.
Federal Police took back the positions on Saturday but the ministry has sacked a commander for failing to fend off the counter-attacks, the sources said.
The Federal Police said it had since strengthened fortifications around the Old City with concrete blocks to prevent suicide attacks on its forces.
The U.S.-trained Counterterrorism Service and Federal Police are the main forces fighting inside Mosul. Regular Iraqi army units are taking part in battles outside the city, alongside Shi'ite volunteers trained and armed by Iran, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and Sunni tribes.
The total number of fighters aligned against Islamic State in Mosul exceeds 100,000.
Islamic State announced attacks on Sunday the Shi'ite paramilitary northwest of Mosul and on an Iraqi army position in Akashat, near the Syrian border, an area where its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, is believed to be hiding, according to the Iraqi military.
The Iraqi army said its ground and air forces pushed back the attack, killing eight militants.
Several thousands of people have been killed so far in the battle, both civilians and military, according to international aid organisations. The total number of people displaced from Mosul since October is close to 400,000, about a fifth of the population before its capture by Islamic State.
Even if defeated in Mosul, Islamic State will remain in control of vast swathes of land in the border area with Syria.
(Writing by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Robin Pomeroy)
FILE PHOTO: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi speaks to the Myanmar community living in Singapore, on the island of Sentosa in Singapore September 22, 2013. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
YANGON A year after sweeping to power in a historic vote, Myanmar's first de-facto civilian leader in about half a century, Aung San Suu Kyi, acknowledged on Thursday the public's frustration with the slow pace of reforms and development.
With a festering Rohingya crisis, increased fighting with ethnic armed groups and a slower economic growth, Suu Kyi has struggled to match the sky-high expectations that swept their National League for Democracy (NLD) to power a year ago.
"We did what we can for the sake of our country and the people in one year," said the Nobel Peace Prize winner in a televised address.
"We know that we weren't able to make as much progress as people had wanted ... One year is not a long period," they said.
NLD lawmakers have told Reuters that voters in their constituencies feel frustrated because of pervasive low-level corruption, ramshackle public services and wages among the lowest in Southeast Asia.
In a major blow to Suu Kyi's reputation as the legendary defender of human rights, the United Nations last week announced an investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity committed against the Rohingya Muslim minority by soldiers during a security operation last year.
As a result of the military crackdown, about 75,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh. The U.N. investigators have accused the soldiers of widespread abuses, including rapes, killings, arson and looting.
Suu Kyi also talked about their number one priority of ending the myriad ethnic conflicts involving about 20 rebel groups that have kept Myanmar in a state of near-perpetual civil war since independence in 1948.
"Peace process is not easy. We have a lot of hope ... But hope is just hope - nothing is for sure yet. We have to keep trying," they said.
Around the time of their speech, the government announced that five more groups had decided to join the landmark peace deal engineered by the previous semi-civilian administration.
Still, major rebel armies engaged in active clashes with the military have not come forward. Several conflicts have reignited since Suu Kyi took office, displacing an estimated 160,000 more people, according to U.N. data.
"Last year, I said the motto was, 'It's time for change'. Now ... I want to say the motto is: 'Together with people'," they said.
(Additional reporting by Wa Lone, Aye Win Myint and Simon Lewis; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Contact
Gameplan Sports and Entertainment
***@gameplanse.com Gameplan Sports and Entertainment
End
--We are pleased to announce the official launch of Gameplan Sports and Entertainment,. The philosophy of this new organization was built from the ideology; "collaboration not competition"Gameplan Sports and Entertainment has illustrated a strong commitment to achieving this goal with the formation of our group of partners.. When you and your business collaborate with GPSE you collaborate with the entire collective. Our partners wcj group aggregately has century's worth of experience.GPSE was established on the principal that the whole is greater than the sum of our individual parts. This is exemplified by our incredible Partners whose expertise knows no bounds. This wealth of knowledge coupled with an unquenchable thirst for success allows Gamplan SE to be the perfect partner for your ideas and overarching goals as we collaborate with you.Our trust is built from results; our results are built from experience.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
LONDON Imagination Technologies (IMG.L) has been told by Apple (AAPL.O), its biggest customer, that the maker of iPhones, iPads and Apple Watches is to stop using its graphics technology in its new products, sending shares in the company crashing by more than 70 percent on Monday.
Imagination said Apple, which accounts for about half its revenue, had notified the British firm it was developing its own graphics chips and would no longer use Imagination's processing designs in 15 months to two years time.
"The biggest risk to Imagination's business model was realized this morning," analysts at Investec said. "The loss of this revenue stream will have a material impact on the financials of the company."
The technology company, which was founded in 1985 and listed in 1994, has licensed its processing designs to Apple from the time of the first iPod and receives a small royalty on every device using its graphics.
Imagination said it doubted Apple could go it alone without violating Imagination's patents, and analysts said legal battles could lie ahead.
"It would be extremely challenging for Apple to design a brand-new GPU (graphics processor unit) architecture from basics, that is, without infringing our IP rights and also infringing our confidential information," Chief Executive Andrew Heath said.
"As such we do not accept their assertion that they no longer require our technology."
The company said it had asked Apple for evidence that it could dispense with all of Imagination's technology, "but Apple has declined to provide it".
Apple declined to comment.
Shares in Imagination, in which Apple holds an 8 percent stake, plunged to 76 pence, their lowest level since 2009 and about a 10th of their record of 734 pence hit in 2012.
They were down 64 percent at 97 pence by 1350 GMT, giving the company a market value of 275 million pounds ($372 million), or 479 million pounds less than it was worth on Friday.
Analysts at Morgan Stanley said it was not the first time Apple had cut off a supplier - Portal Player, Sigmatel, CSR and Wolfson were all abruptedly dropped.
"There is a difference here though", they said. "Imagination holds significant patents around graphics cores, in particular those which allow lower power use, and is considering discussing different commercial arrangements with Apple."
Imagination's shares rose sharply between 2009 and 2012 as sales of smartphones boomed and Apple and Intel (INTC.O) bought stakes. The company was valued at more than 2 billion pounds ($2.5 billion) in April 2012.
It struggled, however, to reduce its reliance on Apple, and has faced increased competition from the likes of chipmaker Qualcomm (QCOM.O) and British rival ARM, which developed its own graphics to complement its core processor blueprints.
Imagination says it has just over 50 percent of the high-end smartphone market - nearly all of which stems from Apple, although MediaTek (2454.TW) also selected its graphics for its new chipset last month.
But Imagination only has 7 percent of the market for mid-tier devices, where it has been trying to gain share, including in phones made by Chinese manufacturers.
Imagination said it would talk with Apple about alternative commercial arrangements.
Analysts said there could be room for compromise, and it could even be a bargaining move by Apple to reduce royalties.
Apple paid Imagination license fees and royalties totaling 60.7 million pounds for the year to end-April 2016, half of its total revenue, and is expected to pay about 65 million pounds for this year, Imagination said.
Most of its costs are incurred in developing technologies years ahead of when they are deployed in products, and it said there were minimal direct costs associated with Apple's revenue.
Around half of its non-Apple revenue comes from the MIPS processing platform it bought in 2012 in an attempt to extend its product line-up beyond graphics.
Customers for the MIPS technology include Israeli automated vehicle driving systems specialist Mobileye (MBLY.N) and Chinese chipmaker Spreadtrum Communications, according to analysts.
(Editing by David Clarke, Greg Mahlich)
April 12 Colfax Corp:
* Colfax announces pricing of 3.250% senior notes due 2025
* Colfax Corp - priced its previously announced offering of EUR 350 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.250% senior notes due 2025
* Colfax Corp says settlement of offering is expected to occur on April 19, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Reuters Health) - Even though a growing number of Americans are wearing seat belts, there are very few places in the U.S. where more than nine in 10 people buckle up in the front seat, a recent study suggests.
Overall, about 86 percent of Americans said they always used a seat belt in 2012, an increase of 8.4 percent from 2002, the study found.
Despite this progress, only 2.2 percent of U.S. counties have managed to achieve a government safety goal for reducing crash deaths: getting at least 92 percent of drivers and front-seat passengers to buckle up for every ride.
“Seat belts save lives,” said lead study author Dr. Jacob Sunshine of the University of Washington in Seattle.
“The challenge is how to encourage the drivers and riders who don't use a safety belt every time they ride in a car to change their behavior,” Sunshine said by email. “This could be achieved through enhanced law enforcement and/or educational programs that clearly show the harms of riding without a seat belt.”
In 2015, deaths from motor vehicle crashes had the largest proportionate one-year increase since 1966, and 2016 appears to have logged even more fatalities, researchers note in the journal Health Affairs.
Seat belts can reduce crash fatalities by as much as 40 to 60 percent, the study authors note.
That message appears to resonate more in states that give drivers more legal reasons to listen to it, the study suggests.
Counties with less seat belt use tended to be in North Dakota, South Dakota, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Utah, Nebraska and Alaska. All of these states have so-called “secondary enforcement” laws prohibiting traffic stops just for failure to wear a seat belt; instead drivers in these states can only be ticketed for seat belt violations if they got pulled over for another reason.
Conversely, counties that had higher seat belt use were in North Carolina, California, Maryland and metropolitan areas of Texas, all states that had so-called “primary enforcement” laws on the books allowing traffic stops just for failure to wear a seat belt.
Seat belt compliance rates were more than 10 percentage points higher in counties with laws permitting tickets just for not buckling up, the study found. Currently, 34 states and the District of Columbia have these laws on the books.
Women tended to wear seat belts more often than men: 90 percent of the time versus 82 percent of the time, the study also found.
But men improved more during the study period, with compliance going up by 11 percent from 2002 to 2012 compared to a 6 percent gain for women.
The study isn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that seat belts save lives or that specific law enforcement policies directly influence seat belt use. Researchers also didn't examine crash or fatality data.
Even so, the findings add to growing evidence suggesting that seat belt laws can be effective at getting more drivers and passengers to buckle up, said Dr. Lois Lee, an emergency medicine physician and researcher at Boston Children's Hospital who wasn't involved in the study.
The scant number of counties meeting that 92 percent U.S. target for seat belt use might be explained in part by a lack of awareness of the state laws, Lee said by email.
“Often people don't know the enforcement level - primary or secondary - in their state, and the law is variably enforced,” Lee said. “Thus people don't always have a strong incentive, except the interest of their own health and the health of their passengers, to buckle up every time.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2mW6P5S Health Affairs, online April 3, 2017.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
* CCB 2016 profit up 1.45 pct on year
* NIM falls to 2.2 pct in Q4 from 2.26 pct in Q3
* NPL ratio eased to 1.52 pct end-Dec from 1.56 pct end-Sept (Adds CCB earnings and AgBank news conference details)
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, March 29 China Construction Bank Corp (CCB), the country's second-biggest lender by assets, reported on Wednesday a slightly higher 2016 net profit amid a squeeze on bank margins.
The results came a day after two other of China's leading banks, Bank of Communications (BoCom) and Agricultural Bank of China (AgBank), reported modest profit growth as they battle the lowest net interest margins since at least 2011 amid a slowing economy.
CCB's full-year net profit rose 1.45 percent to 231.46 billion yuan ($33.61 billion) from 228.1 billion yuan in 2015.
The bank's net interest margin (NIM) - the difference between interest paid and earned - was 2.2 percent at end-December, down from 2.26 percent at end-September.
Fourth-quarter profit increased by 2.8 percent to 37.63 billion yuan ($5.46 billion) from 36.6 billion yuan a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters calculations based on the company's figures, and was above the 33.7 billion yuan average estimate from analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
SOURED DEBT
CCB's non-performing loan (NPL) ratio eased to 1.52 percent at end-2016 from 1.56 percent at end-September.
While the three banks that have reported earnings so far appear to have stemmed the growth in soured debt after a jump in disposals, lenders are taking steps to ramp up defences against an expected growth in NPLs this year.
"Asset quality is still the biggest problem for management", BoCom President Peng Chun cautioned on Tuesday.
AgBank is in discussions to undertake more than 20 debt-to-equity deals after signing agreements with eight companies worth around 70 billion yuan.
Beijing has promoted debt-to-equity swaps as a way to curb dangerous levels of leverage among state-owned firms, and to help commercial lenders reduce the ratio of NPLs, which surged to a decade-high in 2015 as China's economy grew at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century.
Chinese banks' volume of bad loans climbed to 1.51 trillion yuan at end-2016, the highest since 2005 - a problem Beijing is looking to address with regulations such as those aimed at bolstering oversight of opaque and shadow banking-linked financial assets.
Like BoCom and AgBank, CCB saw a sharp almost 30 percent growth in residential mortgage lending last year to 3.59 trillion yuan, despite Beijing's continued clampdown on an overheated property market.
"The banking industry will still face challenges of profound changes in operating environment," CCB said in its earnings report. "De-capacity and de-leveraging will exert pressure on banks' assets quality."
($1 = 6.8883 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Ian Geoghegan)
WASHINGTON, April 3 President Donald Trump plans to hold a town hall meeting with about 50 business leaders on Tuesday at the White House to talk about ways of improving the business climate, their administration said on Monday.
The meeting, which will include the chief executives of Citigroup Inc, Blackstone Group LP, JetBlue Airways Corp , Mastercard Inc and the New York Stock Exchange, will involve four discussions on infrastructure, modernizing government, workforce development and creating a pro-business climate.
White House spokesperson Lindsay Walters said the town hall was an "opportunity to discuss policies to create a pro-business climate with top Partnership CEOs from all industries." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Peter Cooney)
April 28 Smis Corporation Bhd:
* Unit entered into land purchase and sale agreement with Pt. Kawasan Industri Terpadu Indonesia China
* Deal for consideration 11.9 million RGT
* The proposed acquisition will not have any material impact on the eps of the group for the financial year ending 31 december 2017 Source :(bit.ly/2ptbXm2) Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Cuba's President Fidel Castro (L), Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez (C) and Brazil's President Fernando Henrique Cardoso (L) hold hands during the inauguration ceremony which marked the opening of a hydro-electricity project in Santa Elena de Uairen, Venezuela August 13, 2001. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez (C) gestures next to Brazil's President Fernando Henrique Cardoso (L) and Cuba's President Fidel Castro during the inauguration ceremony which marked the opening of a hydro-electricity project in Santa Elena de Uairen, Venezuela August 13, 2001. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
São Paulo When Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez inaugurated a high-voltage cable providing power to neighbouring Brazil in 2001, the leftist leader hailed it as a step towards regional integration that would spur development in South America.
Flanked by their Brazilian and Cuban counterparts, Chavez used the ceremony in the border town of Santa Elena de Uairen to stake Venezuela's claim for membership of the Mercosur trade bloc grouping Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.
Sixteen years later, Chavez's successor Nicolas Maduro is beset by opposition protests, the country has been suspended from Mercosur for violating its democratic charter, and its Socialist-run economy is on the brink of collapse.
The deepening crisis threatens to plunge Brazil's remote northern-most region, now reliant on Venezuela for much of its electricity, into darkness.
Roraima - known for the thick Amazonian rainforest that carpets the state and the table-top mountain that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's story "The Lost World" - gets much of its power from the cable stretching 680 km (420 miles) from Venezuela's Guri hydroelectric dam.
Residents say power cuts are becoming increasingly frequent and prolonged, causing damage to machinery and discomfort to the 500,000 inhabitants of the tropical region where temperatures average 26 degrees Celsius (78.8°Farenheit).
Power supplies have been disrupted in the past due to lack of rainfall at the Guri dam but this time the problem is different.
"They just don't have the resources," said a Brazilian official with knowledge of the situation, who asked not to be identified because of its sensitivity. "They are not doing any maintenance on the power line, so the connection keeps falling."
Years of turmoil in Venezuela have shrunk its oil industry, the bedrock of the economy, leaving companies struggling to pay for essential imports like food and medicine.
Having promoted South-South trade for years, the country now owes billions of dollars to commercial partners, including in Brazil.
The power cable - which stirred controversy by running through an indigenous reserve and nearly doubling its initial $200 million budget - provides valuable hard currency for Venezuela, an OPEC nation that is also struggling with low global oil prices.
But, with supply continually interrupted, Brazilian authorities are starting to look for alternatives.
"If we just sit here with our arms folded, the state of Roraima will slip into darkness," local member of congress Izaias Maia warned the state assembly last month, saying the cable was operating at just 2 percent of its capacity.
Venezuela's government did not respond to emails seeking comment.
INVESTMENTS SUFFERING
The cable brings power to Boa Vista, the capital of Roraima - the only one of Brazil's 26 state capitals not connected to the national grid.
Karen Telles, technical coordinator of the Industrial Federation of Roraima (FIER), said the worsening power cuts were harming economic activity and discouraging business people from investing.
"One day this week we had three power cuts in 10 minutes," Telles said. "Imagine the impact on an industrial plant. There is a reluctance to invest in machinery - things which could improve production - because you could lose the equipment."
Brazil's Energy and Mines Ministry has established a working group to analyse ways to improve the reliability and efficiency of power supplies to the region.
Data from the National Agency of Electrical Electricity (Aneel) showed the power supply in Roraima - already amongst the worst in Brazil - was already deteriorating sharply last year.
The duration and frequency of power cuts rose by 66 percent and 57 percent respectively in 2016, versus the previous year. Figures for 2017 are not yet available.
Brazilian power companies Alupar and Eletronorte, a unit of state power holding Eletrobras, won a tender in 2011 to build a power line to connect Roraima to the national grid but construction has not started because of problems with the environmental licence.
The federal government wants Roraima to be able to use the hydroelectric power that makes up two-thirds of Brazil's production - rather than relying on the supply from Venezuela or local thermal plants, which are expensive and polluting.
Eletrobras President Wilson Ferreira Jr said that if it receives environmental approval, the state company may have to go it alone as Alupar no longer considers the project financially viable.
"This line is extremely important and our partner has pulled out of the project ... Probably it will be done by us at Eletrobras alone," they said.
(Additional reporting by Brian Ellsworth in Caracas; Writing by Daniel Flynn; Editing by Frances Kerry)
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
Confiscated shawls made with 'Shahtoosh', of the protected Tibetan antelope, are pictured at the Swiss Food Safety and Veterinary Office in Bern, Switzerland, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Confiscated shawls made with 'Shahtoosh', of the protected Tibetan antelope, are pictured at the Swiss Food Safety and Veterinary Office in Bern, Switzerland, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Confiscated shawls made with 'Shahtoosh', of the protected Tibetan antelope, are pictured at the Swiss Food Safety and Veterinary Office in Bern, Switzerland, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Confiscated shawls made with 'Shahtoosh', of the protected Tibetan antelope, are pictured at the Swiss Food Safety and Veterinary Office in Bern, Switzerland, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
ZURICH Switzerland has ramped up its hunt for travellers jetting into St. Moritz and other fashionable Alpine resorts clad in illegal shawls woven from the silky belly fur of the endangered Tibetan antelope.
International trade in the wool, or 'shahtoush', of the Tibetan antelope has been banned since 1979 but its status as among the finest in the world has helped preserve its allure among the affluent and has encouraged continued poaching.
Swiss customs agents seized 131 shahtoosh shawls worth up to $20,000 apiece over the past two years from the entourage of wealthy individuals visiting the country - up sharply from the 89 shawls confiscated in the previous five years.
"Shahtoosh shawls are luxury goods, so seizures often take place where wealthy people enter Switzerland or spend their time," said Stefan Kunfermann, spokesperson at the Swiss Federal Food Safety and Veterinary Office that tracks seizures.
"It's a persistent problem."
Last year Switzerland joined forces with Interpol, creating an international anti-smuggling network that includes China, India and Pakistan -- where the shawls are woven -- and Italy, Spain, Germany and Britain, where buyers still covet their wool.
The Tibetan antelope, or chiru, lives on China's high Tibetan plateau and in India, but poaching led numbers to plunge 90 percent over the past century.
Now numbering around 100,000, the chiru is classed as a threatened species under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.
Victoria Jane Lady Getty, widow of British-American philanthropist Sir John Paul Getty, is among the latest travellers to have had a shawl confiscated by Swiss agents, on Dec. 30, 2016, the Swiss veterinary office said this week.
Them personal assistant did not reply to a Reuters request for comment.
The Swiss government gives owners the chance to recover their shawls if they can prove they were made before 1979. Otherwise, fines can run to 5,000 Swiss francs ($5,040).
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) said there have been successes shutting down sales at high-end French and Spanish retailers that once stocked shahtoosh shawls.
But the group said Switzerland continues to deal with isolated cases, including recent incidents where cheaper but still illegal shahtoosh and cashmere blends were discovered.
"This trade is illegal and unsustainable," said Colman O. Criodain, a WWF official. "It takes three antelope to make one shawl, as only the belly wool is used."
(Editing by Gareth Jones)
March 28 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* Two of Tesco Plc's biggest shareholders have criticised its proposed 3.7 billion pound ($4.7 billion) takeover of Booker Group Plc, saying that the deal risked destroying value and could damage its "fragile" recovery. bit.ly/2nGi9X3
* Claims of fake research are on the rise at leading universities, according to an investigation which revealed that hundreds of allegations of misconduct were made over a five-year period. bit.ly/2nG4aQW
The Guardian
* A group of Deliveroo couriers is planning legal action against the food delivery company to claim better employment rights including the minimum wage, sick pay and holiday. bit.ly/2mKuTNl
* Hong Kong state-owned metro operator MTR and FirstGroup Plc are to take over the running of South West Trains, one of Britain's biggest commuter networks, in a seven-year deal that trade unions denounced for handing another franchise to a state-controlled foreign operator. bit.ly/2o892w3
The Telegraph
* Britain's BT Group Plc faces fresh calls to improve its broadband service after it was hit by a massive fine and a 300 million pound bill for failing to pay compensation for delays. bit.ly/2orXiDW
* Bank of England policymakers have flagged the country's exit from the European Union as a key risk to financial stability, warning British banks that any knee-jerk reactions to Brexit will hit UK's economy. bit.ly/2nbZi2W
Sky News
* Taxpayers face a 100 million pound bill after the government agreed a payout to two U.S. firms over the botched handling of a nuclear decommissioning contract. bit.ly/2noONun
* Transline Group which staffs Sports Direct International Plc's largest warehouse is hunting new financial backers as it faces fresh pressure from members of parliament to overhaul the working practices it imposes across its operations. bit.ly/2nudpmT
The Independent
* British Prime Minister Theresa May has admitted they must secure their Brexit deal in just 18 months, the Scottish National Party has said - claiming it clears the way for a second independence referendum within two years. ind.pn/2namH4M
($1 = 0.7961 pounds) (Compiled by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
BEIJING, April 5 China central bank will pursue a crack down on illegal fund transfers via underground banks and offshore companies, it said in a statement posted on its website on Wednesday.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) issued the message in a working meeting last month aimed at strengthening financial sector rules. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
MILAN, April 12 Italy is on the road to recovery and it is unthinkable it could leave the euro, the head of the European Union's executive arm Jean-Claude Juncker told La Repubblica newspaper on Wednesday.
In an interview with the Italian daily, Juncker said they had not yet seen in detail the economic and financial document the Italian government presented on Tuesday.
"But certainly the commitment of the Italian government is going in the right direction," they said.
On Tuesday Rome approved emergency deficit cuts for this year, as promised to the European Commission.
Juncker however added that in the medium- and long-term Italy had to "decisively" reform its public finances and in particular its enormous debt.
"In the meantime let's clearly say that I rule out Italy leaving the euro."
They said they appreciated Rome's efforts to tackle its banking crisis. "We want the Italian banking system to come out of this difficult period stronger and more robust".
Asked if they trusted U.S. President Donald Trump or was scared by their actions, Juncker said they viewed Trump with "growing benevolence".
"I think he's starting to feel the breath of history," they said.
(Reporting by Stephen Jewkes)
Vivid Capture Studio
Media Contact
VividCaptureStudio
(718) 347-0500
vividcapturestudio@ gmail.com VividCaptureStudio(718) 347-0500
End
--is a team of creative and highly skilled photographers, videographers, cinematographers and artists who are passionate about photography and love. Our team would love to tell the story of your day – and capture its magic moments. Vivid Capture is a modern, virtual photography studio based out of New York. We are also available nationwide."Me and Tj can't thank the whole team of Vivid Capture studio enough for capturing our wedding day and all of the other events. You all have done an amazing job, the photos are absolutely stunning. We really enjoyed our experience and your professionalism. The team went out of the way to make all the pictures look amazing.""Hi Team Vivid,Thank you ALL Soo much for being the best photo/video team. You went above and beyond every single step of the way and we really appreciate it!! "Contact through below details on the occasion of wedding, reception, engagement, decor and other even to capture an unforgettable moment of your life.267-15 Hillside AvenueFloral Park, NY 11004(718) 347-0500 (Studio)vividcapturestudio@gmail.comhttps://www.facebook.com/V1V1DCAPTURE/https://twitter.com/Vivid_Capturehttps://www.instagram.com/vividcapturestudio/https://vimeo.com/channels/vividcapturestudio/
BEIRUT: As Syria's war approaches its seventh year, two new rounds of talks on resolving the conflict are scheduled to take place in Astana and Geneva.
Here are some questions and answers about the upcoming talks:
What talks are scheduled?
The first meeting is in the Kazakh capital Astana, and is expected to build on talks held there last month sponsored by the Syrian government's allies Russia and Iran, and rebel backer Turkey.
The Kazakh foreign ministry said representatives from the government and armed rebels, as well as UN envoy Staffan de Mistura and US officials, would be invited to the summit.
The discussions were due to begin Wednesday and last two days, but were postponed until Thursday due to unexplained “technical reasons”, Kazakhstan's foreign ministry said Wednesday.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday said the Astana meeting would be a chance to “monitor the commitment of different parties to refrain from using force and to promote, encourage, the political process.”
A Syrian source close to the government said the discussions in Astana would be “purely military.”
By comparison a second meeting in Geneva, now scheduled for February 23 and sponsored by the UN, is expected to focus on the key issues that divide the two sides, including the fate of President Bashar al-Assad.
The talks in Geneva, the fifth time the parties have gone to Switzerland, have been pushed back twice already, in part to give the opposition more time to form a unified delegation.
Moscow says the Astana process is meant to support the Geneva talks, but there has been speculation that it is working with Ankara to develop an alternative “Astana track”.
“In theory, it is a complement to a still-live ongoing Geneva process,” said Sam Heller, a non-resident fellow at The Century Foundation think-tank.
“But in practice it looks like it's a venue for Turkey, Russia, and to some extent Iran, to arrive at their own understandings and to try to engineer a mutually satisfactory political solution on their terms.”
Who is attending?
The Syrian government has indicated it will attend the Geneva talks, and its delegation is likely to be led by its usual negotiator, Syria's UN ambassador Bashar al-Jaafari.
The key opposition High Negotiations Committee has announced a 21-member delegation to Geneva, including 10 rebel representatives.
A new chief opposition negotiator, lawyer Mohammed Sabra, replaces Mohamed Alloush of the Army of Islam rebel group, which said it would participate in the delegation in an advisory capacity.
The HNC touted the delegation as “unified” and said it includes representatives from two rival opposition groupings known informally as the Cairo and Moscow groups.
But both denied being represented, and it remains unclear if they will seek to attend in separate delegations.
Attendance at the Astana talks is more uncertain, though Syria's government is being represented by Jaafari who has already arrived in Kazakhstan.
At least four rebel groups told Agence France-Presse they had not yet received an invitation to the meeting, and several cast doubts on whether they would attend if invited.
De Mistura's UN office said they would send a “technical team,” and the US State Department said it was still weighing whether to send a representative.
Jordan said it would attend the Astana talks as an observer.
What obstacles remain?
The goal of the Astana talks has been narrowly defined, primarily to reinforce the ceasefire brokered by Turkey and Russia in place since December 30.
But with rebel attendance uncertain and the last meeting in Astana producing no major breakthrough, talks there seem unlikely to shift the conversation on the peace process.
Meanwhile, in Geneva, all the main divisions between the two sides remain to be resolved, key among them Assad's fate.
The opposition insists they must step aside, but their government says their future is not a topic for negotiations.
Rebel backer Turkey has signaled new flexibility on resolving the Syrian conflict but there is little sign the opposition feels the same way.
Syria's government also comes to the talks on the back of recent victories, including the full recapture of second city Aleppo in December, which may leave it less open to compromise.
“I still don't believe the loyalist alliance is serious about… making some serious compromise, rather than asking for the rebels' surrender disguised as a political settlement,” said Thomas Pierret, a Syria expert at the University of Edinburgh.
“They will try to obtain such surrender, which is why the talks will take place.” AFP
AFP/CC
A coach at British Canoeing was suspended in December after a formal complaint, the BBC has reported.
An independent investigation into the complaint is still underway, the report said.
"We can confirm that, in response to a formal complaint in December 2016, a member of our performance team has been suspended," a British Canoeing spokesperson told the BBC.
"As a result, a full and independent investigation was immediately initiated. British Canoeing will not be making any further comment until this process has been concluded."
British sport has been rocked by allegations of bullying and sexism in elite performance programmes with concerns raised that the push for medals had come at the expense of athlete welfare.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
NEW YORK, April 5 Moody's Investors Service on Wednesday lowered ratings on $13 billion of Puerto Rican bonds, including debt from the U.S. territory's now-defunct former fiscal agent, the Government Development Bank.
Moody's said it downgraded bonds from six Puerto Rican issuers, but affirmed ratings on the island's largest classes of debt - general obligation bonds guaranteed by its constitution, and so-called COFINA debt, backed by sales tax revenue.
It downgraded to C from Ca the GDB's senior notes, as well as bonds issued by the Puerto Rico Infrastructure Financing Authority, backed by rum taxes; bonds issued by its convention center authority, backed by hotel occupancy taxes; debt of the island's largest retirement system, backed by government pension contributions; and the 1998 Resolution bonds of the island's highway authority.
It downgraded to Ca from Caa3 bonds issued by the Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company, backed by commercial property rent.
"The negative outlook is consistent with ongoing economic pressures, which will weigh on (Puerto Rico's) capacity to meet debt and other funding obligations, potentially driving bondholder recovery rates lower as debt restructuring efforts proceed," Moody's said in its report.
In addition to GO and COFINA debt, Moody's affirmed ratings on University of Puerto Rico facilities bonds, the highway authority's 1968 resolution bonds, and debt issued by the island's municipal finance agency, sewer authority and Public Finance Corp.
Puerto Rico is trying to restructure $70 billion in total debt in hopes of steering itself out of an economic crisis marked by a 45 percent poverty rate, unemployment that is more than twice the U.S. average, rampant emigration, failing schools and near-insolvent public health and pension systems.
Its benchmark 2035 GO bonds have plummeted since March 13, when the island's federal financial oversight board approved a fiscal turnaround plan that forecasts only $800 million a year available to pay debt, less than a quarter of what Puerto Rico owes. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Leslie Adler)
(Adds details)
ABU DHABI, April 30 Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank on Sunday posted an 8 percent rise in first-quarter profit, slightly above analysts' forecasts, helped by a double-digit percentage increase in non-interest income.
The emirate's second-largest bank by assets made a net profit attributable to shareholders of 1.11 billion dirhams ($302.2 million) in the three months to March 31, compared to 1.02 billion dirhams in the same period a year ago, according to its financial statement.
Three analysts polled by Reuters had on average forecast a net profit for the quarter of 995.4 million dirhams.
ADCB's non-interest income in the quarter was 598 million dirhams, up 11 percent year-on-year due to higher trading income and increase in fees and commission income, the statement said.
Impairments in the first quarter of 2017 totalled 386 million dirhams compared to 352 million dirhams in the prior-year quarter.
Loans and advances edged up slightly to 159.8 billion dirhams ending March 31 from 158.5 billion dirhams ending December 2016 while customer deposits increased to 162.4 billion dirhams from 155.4 billion dirhams in the same period.
ADCB raised $230 million through the sale of a five-year Formosa bond, its second issuance sold in Taiwan in the first quarter of 2016, sources told Reuters
($1 = 3.6728 UAE dirham) (Reporting By Stanley Carvalho, editing by David Evans)
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
LIMA, April 28 Grana y Montero , Peru's biggest construction conglomerate, posted a profit of 79.1 million soles ($24.40 million) in the first quarter due to the sale of real estate assets, the company said on Friday.
That was up 11.6 percent compared with a profit of 70.9 million soles in the same period a year ago. The company had owned a 20 percent stake in Brazilian builder Odebrecht's $5 billion natural gas pipeline contract, which Peru's government canceled in January amid a graft scandal.
That prompted Grana y Montero to announce a $300 million asset sale plan to boost liquidity. In the first quarter, construction income fell 40 percent to 568.2 million soles, but sales of property and other non-strategic assets quadrupled to 290.4 million soles, the company said.
The company's shares were up 1.9 percent to 2.18 soles on Friday afternoon. ($1 = 3.2420 soles) (Reporting by Ursula Scollo; Writing by Luc Cohen; editing by Diane Craft)
People take selfies with Carrie Lam, chief executive-elect, a day after they were elected in Hong Kong. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
A man shakes hands with Carrie Lam, chief executive-elect, a day after they were elected in Hong Kong, China March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG Hong Kong-leader elect Carrie Lam said on Tuesday they were "very determined" to tackle the high cost of housing in the densely populated city, among the top concerns of foreign business people working there.
Lam, the Chinese-controlled financial hub's former chief secretary, was chosen on Sunday by a 1,200-person committee to lead the city, pledging in their victory speech to unite political divisions, illustrated by huge pro-democracy protests in 2014, that have hindered policy-making and legislative work.
Speaking at a Credit Suisse investment conference in Hong Kong, Beijing-backed Lam also said the former British colony faced tough competition from the region and also from mainland Chinese cities which are "becoming very powerful".
The cost of housing is one of Hong Kong's biggest social issues and making homes more affordable was among outgoing leader Leung Chun-ying's top priorities, something they failed to achieve.
Lam said land and labour were two "major bottlenecks" for Hong Kong's development.
"On the land issue, I am very determined to tackle that in the next term of government in a big way," they told an audience of 200 financial and business professionals.
"It's not just looking at the annual land sale programme but really, the long-term supply of land, or better still, a land bank for Hong Kong."
Lam also pledged during their campaign to tackle the problem by increasing land supply.
Lam's call to mend social divisions suffered a setback a day after they were elected when police on Monday charged nine organisers of the 2014 demonstrations, provoking anger among protesters.
In perhaps their strongest admission to date on China's perceived behind-the-scenes interference in Hong Kong politics, they told a radio programme they knew the Central Liaison Office, China's top representative office in Hong Kong, had been involved in lobbying legislators in the past.
"We do not need our friends at the Central Liaison Office to worry," they told reporters after the programme, saying they wouldn't welcome its involvement in Hong Kong affairs under their administration.
Since the 2014 protests, there have also been some calls for independence in the city which operates under a "one country, two systems" formula, allowing it freedoms not enjoyed on the Communist Party-ruled mainland.
Lam said if the city started to argue about whether it should become independent, then "we have no common basis to start this common journey to give Hong Kong a better future".
The next few months will be critical for Leung and Lam, with Chinese President Xi Jinping expected to pay a visit on July 1 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Hong Kong's handover from British rule, with large protests expected.
The city also had a lot of catching up to do in terms of comprehensive double tax agreements, Lam said. In their victory speech on Sunday, Lam pledged to follow through on their promise to introduce a two-tier profits tax.
(Reporting by Venus Wu; Writing by Anne Marie Roantree; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The proposed acquisition of the Irish Examiner by The Irish Times DAC has been cleared by the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (CCPC) and will now be referred to the Minister for Communications for approval on media plurality grounds.
The CCPC said the purchase of Sappho Limited, from Landmark Media Investments Limited, “will not lead to a substantial lessening of competition in any relevant market in the State”.
It found no evidence that The Irish Times and the Irish Examiner are each other's closest competitor in the publication and sale of daily national newspapers or in the sale of advertising, whether in print or online.
The CCPC found that while sales of The Irish Times are predominantly in Leinster, the vast majority of sales of the Irish Examiner are made in Munster.
It also found that both publications would continue to face competition after the deal.
In the sale of daily national newspapers and daily national newspaper advertising, this competition will come from groups such as Independent News & Media (INM), Trinity Mirror and News Corp UK & Ireland, while in the sale of online advertising, it will come from Google and Facebook as well as these newspaper publishers.
The competition watchdog said it had come to this conclusion after an extensive investigation of the proposed transaction, which was agreed between the two media groups last December. In March, the CCPC decided to carry out a “phase two” study of the deal.
Media plurality
Under the media mergers process, Minister for Communications Denis Naughten will now make a separate assessment of the acquisition's impact on media plurality.
The Minister must then decide whether to allow the merger to go ahead as proposed, allow the merger to go ahead under certain conditions to protect media plurality or refer it to a second-phase process for further study.
However, the Social Democrats have called on the Minister to recuse themselves from the decision. This follows the revelation last week that Mr Naughten told a lobbyist working for INM on a 2016 phone call that they intended to refer INM's proposed takeover of the Celtic Media group to a second-phase study, giving them this information before they announced the move.
The Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) has already approved the change of ownership of the radio stations involved in the transaction. The Irish Times will acquire majority stakes in WLR in Waterford and regional station Beat 102-103, as well as a 17.6 per cent holding in Cork station Red FM, if the deal goes ahead.
Sappho Limited also publishes the Evening Echo newspaper and owns the websites www.breakingnews.ie, www.recruitireland.com and www.benchwarmers.ie.
The deal, if approved by the Minister, will mark the end of the Crosbie family's ownership of the Irish Examiner, which dates back to 1872, when journalist Thomas Crosbie took over the proprietorship from John Francis Maguire.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
* Investors cautious ahead of Trump-Xi meeting * Spot gold may rise to $1,265/oz - technicals * Palladium holds near March 2015 highs hit in prior session (Updates prices) By Sethuraman N R April 6 Gold prices held firm on Thursday on the back of a weaker dollar and as appetite for risky assets such as equities waned ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart. Spot gold inched down 0.1 percent to $1,253.75 per ounce by 0700 GMT. U.S. gold futures were up 0.6 percent at $1,255.60, after climbing as much as 1 percent to $1,260.80 earlier in the day. Investors were cautious ahead of the meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping due later on Thursday, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. Topping the agenda at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether they make good on their threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea. Spot gold hit $1,261.15 on Tuesday, its highest since Feb. 27, but has failed to breach a key 200-day moving average of $1,258. "It just hasn't shown any ability to break the 200-day moving average and clearly shows that the price action is not being driven in isolation but has been driven by the U.S. dollar," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. "It is kind of looking like gold is running out of steam in the short term." Lingering fears of a possible trade war kept Asian markets on edge. The dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, fell 0.1 percent to 100.460. U.S. Federal Reserve's March minutes on Wednesday showed most policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up. Falling equities, driven by the Fed's hawkish tone, have supported gold and should prices decisively move above the 200-day moving average, more quantitative money could start coming in, said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. "A plethora of troubling geopolitical events, along with the upcoming French elections, still percolate in the background and have the capacity to provide an element of support to gold, at least over the short term." Spot gold may rise to $1,265 per ounce, as suggested by its wave pattern and a Fibonacci retracement analysis, Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao said. Spot silver dropped 0.4 percent to $18.19 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.7 percent to $953, while palladium rose 0.5 percent to $808.60. It hit a more than two-year high of $815.70 in the prior session. (Reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath and Richard Pullin)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Cycling - UCI Track World Championships - Women's Individual Pursuit, Final - Hong Kong, China – 15/4/17 - Chloe Dygert of the U.S. celebrates after winning gold medal. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
Cycling - UCI Track World Championships - Women's Individual Pursuit, Final - Hong Kong, China – 15/4/17 - Australia's Ashlee Ankudinoff, Chloe Dygert and Kelly Catlin of the U.S. celebrate with medals. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG Benjamin Thomas of France stormed to gold ahead of New Zealand's Aaron Gate after a thrilling final sprint in the men's omnium at the track cycling world championships on Saturday.
Thomas held off a furious challenge from their rivals on the last lap to finish with a total of 149 points, two more than Gate.
Albert Torres of Spain, who led coming into the last of the four events that make up the omnium, had to settle for bronze.
In the men's sprint event, Russia's Denis Dmitriev showed nerves of steel to beat Dutchman Harrie Lavreysen in the final and claim their first world championship gold, with New Zealand's Ethan Mitchell securing the bronze.
They were spectacular crashes as the Belgian team of Jolien D'Hoore and Lotte Kopecky swept to a hard-fought win in the first-ever women's Madison event at the world championships. Britain took silver and Australia bronze.
A dominant display by American Chloe Dygert gave their gold in the women's individual pursuit, the 20-year-old comfortably beating Australian Ashlee Ankudinoff by over six seconds. Dygert's U.S. teammate Kelly Catlin beat Rebecca Wiasak to take bronze.
Earlier in the day, Russia claimed two medals in the women's 500m time trial event. Daria Shmeleva won gold and Anastasia Voynova bronze with Germany's 2012 Olympic team sprint champion Miriam Welte taking silver.
(Writing by Philip O'Connor in Stockholm, editing by Ed Osmond)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Whether you're beginning a week of vacation or just getting a head start on your summer reading list, here are some book recommendations from me.
Somehow, almost all of these picks take place in or around New York City. I did not realize that similarity until I started writing. Maybe the universe is telling me something. It's up to you, New York.
“Modern Lovers,” by Emma Straub, is centered in a neighborhood block in Brooklyn. Two college friends have been neighbors there for years, having raised their babies into teenagers within a stone's throw of each other. The novel catches them as their teenagers are getting ready to leave the nest and their marriages are on the rocks for different reasons.
Straub manages to serve up a dense plot that stays engaging and never feels overwrought. There are midlife crises, college flashbacks, a teenage romance, a bi-racial same-sex couple, a devastating fire, and a yogi who is also a petty criminal. You feel yourself on every street corner and in every headspace.
“Sweetbitter” takes another strand of modern lovers' story line – the challenges of the restaurant industry – and weaves an entire tale out of it, from the hotbed of the Manhattan scene. It is Stephanie Danler's debut novel. It's really annoying that anyone is this good on the first try.
Even if, like me, you've never worked in a restaurant, when you finish “Sweetbitter” you'll feel as though you've come pretty close. Every page takes you deeper into a world of staff meals, manic chefs, haughty sommeliers, loyal customers, and divided loyalties among those in front of house, in back of the house, and everywhere in between. This is a novel you experience with your head, heart, nose and palate.
“The Animators,” by Kayla Rae Whitaker, starts in the boroughs of New York City, moves down South, and returns to its origins. This time, you're immersed in the world of animation, as you follow the friendship and careers of Mel Vaught and Susan Kisses. Their art brings them acclaim, their friendship brings them the only family they could ever rely upon, and their career arguably brings one of them to their death.
This, too, is a debut novel. Again, annoying, but in a good, respectful way. It's a longer, more intense read than the previous two books; I'd recommend reading it on sunnier days, as you'll probably appreciate the antidote to some of the heavy, dark terrain this book covers.
For perhaps a more uplifting tale, try the young adult novel “The Sun is Also a Star,” by Nicola Yoon. This is the story of Natasha and Daniel, two teenagers who enjoy a “meet cute” so endearingly unbelievable it's no wonder the book is being adapted into a movie. To wit: Daniel saves Natasha from being run over by a car, convinces them to have coffee with him, and spends the rest of the day slowly winning them over.
This otherwise tired story is given genuine heft because of who Natasha and Daniel are.  They are the daughter of Jamaican immigrants who face deportation within hours; they are the son of Korean immigrants who want their children to attend Ivy League colleges and secure professional careers that take them outside the beauty supply shop they run. Natasha and Daniel are at once familiar and utterly alien to each other, and to the reader. The novel offers a lovely and meaningful introduction.
The best book that I have read recently is “Commonwealth,” the seventh novel by Ann Patchett. Uniquely for this list, it kicks off in California and moves east to Virginia as it tracks decades of ripple effects stemming from an adulterous kiss one hot afternoon at a family party. Two marriages dissolve, leading to new marriages being consummated, necessitating the forced familiarization of six children.
Patchett gives us 50 years' worth of repercussions, regrets, and renewals. They take what could just be a soap opera and makes it high-brow, but totally readable, drama. It is engrossing. Clear your schedule once you decide to jump in.
Happy reading.
Abby Diaz grew up in Falmouth and lives there again, because that's how life works. They blog at whatsleftover.com. Follow Abby on Twitter: @AbbyDiaz1.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Spinning a different kind of tale in Turkey's Kurdish southeast
Reuters' Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk visit the city of Diyarbakir, where a textile firm that supplies companies across Europe plans to build three new factories, a rare bet that the government can deliver on a vow to regenerate a region deeply scarred by conflict between state forces and militants. The Iskur group, a supplier to fashion brands including Zara, Adidas and Nike, sees its $100 million investment as showing the way for other companies from western Turkey to take advantage of government incentives and lower wages in the east. Photographs by Umit Bektas.
here
Ecuador leftist claims victory, conservative demands recount
Leftist government candidate Lenin Moreno claimed victory in Ecuador's presidential vote, bucking a shift to the right in South America. But Moreno's conservative challenger has asked for a recount as some supporters took to the streets in protest. Reuters' Alexandra Ulmer and Alexandra Valencia report from the streets of Quito.
here
Meanwhile in Paraguay...
Protesters want the withdrawal of a proposed amendment that would allow Paraguay's president to stand for re-election while their allies said they would move forward with the measure. Reuters' Daniela Desantis and Mariel Cristaldo report from the capital Asuncion, where the mood has eased after rioters stormed and set fire to Congress here though anger simmers over the death of a protester who was killed when police fired shots at the headquarters of the country's second-largest political party. Paraguay's constitution, introduced in 1992 after 35 years of dictatorship, limits presidents to a single five-year term.
here
Pope Francis and the 'tyranny' of the papacy
Perhaps the last thing the pope expected to find during a visit to the northern Italian city of Carpi on Sunday was a huge 136-year-old plaque honoring the victims of "papal tyranny." The pope passed right by the plaque while standing in their white open popemobile after delivering Mass in a square a few dozen meters away during a day-long visit to an area hit by earthquakes in 2012. Put up in 1881 on the side of castle in the center of town, the marble plaque measuring about 1 meter by 2 meters commemorates the 1870 unification of Italy, which it says "emancipated human thought from papal tyranny." As you might guess, there's a back-story there. Reuters' Philip Pullella reports.
here
The return of the Royal Bank of Scotland
Nine years after the beginning of a $56 billion bailout by the British government, Royal Bank of Scotland is emerging from its restructuring process a shadow of what was once the biggest lender in the world. Reuters' Andrew MacAskill and Lawrence White report on the 290-year bank's transformation.
here
Reuters photo of the day
Where are the other seven heads?
here
A tattoo of the Hindu demon Ravan (who has 10 heads in tradition) is pictured on a back of a man during the Nepal Tattoo Convention in Kathmandu. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
FILE PHOTO: A taxi passes by in front of The New York Times head office in New York, February 7, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo
The New York Times Co (NYT.N) reported its biggest quarterly revenue growth in six years, beating Wall Street estimates, as digital subscriptions surged amid a media storm triggered by the U.S. presidential election.
The newspaper publisher's shares rose as much as 12 percent on Wednesday.
The company added 308,000 net digital news subscriptions in the quarter, topping the previous quarter's tally of 276,000.
The Times has been building up on the online readership it gained during the U.S. presidential election by marketing unbiased reporting in the face of President Donald Trump's combative view of traditional news media.
Trump has repeatedly criticized the press, including the Times, calling it "fake news" and "the enemy of the American People!"
In response, the New York Times launched its "Truth" campaign, including its first TV ad in seven years, urging readers to sign up in order to support its fair and accurate reporting.
"Even the President of the United States was kind enough to draw attention to it," Chief Executive Mark Thompson said on a post-earnings call with analysts on Wednesday, referring to the campaign.
New York Times' paid digital-only subscriptions stood at about 2.2 million at the end of the first quarter of 2017, soaring more than 60 percent from a year earlier, and up 16 percent from the end of the preceding quarter.
Thompson called the first quarter the "single best quarter for subscriber growth" in the company's history.
Total revenue rose to 5.1 percent to $398.8 million, beating the average analyst estimate of $381.96 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"Helped by tailwinds from the political cycle, digital has been increasingly offsetting the secular declines at the legacy print business," Barclays analysts wrote in a client note.
Digital advertising revenue, which now makes up about 38 pct of total ad revenue, rose 18.9 percent to $49.7 million.
Print advertising revenue continued to fall, down 17.9 percent to $80.4 million in the first quarter.
The Times has been investing heavily to boost its digital offerings that focus on mobile devices and brand marketing as well as other services to lure readers.
Operating costs rose 4.5 percent to $367.4 million in the first quarter. It has taken up cost-cutting measures, including layoffs and shutting some Paris operations.
Net income attributable to the company was $13.2 million or 8 cents per share, compared with a loss of $8.3 million or 5 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, the company earned 11 cents per share, beating the estimate of 7 cents.
(Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
MOSCOW, April 3 Ten people have been killed in the explosions that hit St Petersburg's metro system on Monday, a source in Russia's emergency services told Reuters.
There were blasts in two train carriages at two metro stations, St Petersburg emergency services said.
News agency Interfax cited a source as saying at least one of the blasts involved a device filled with shrapnel. The agency also said that 20 people had been injured.
(Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya and Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
MILAN After years of watching teams from other countries battle through the closing stages of the Champions League, Serie A can once again claim a place at Europe's top table thanks to Juventus.
The Turin side's 3-0 destruction of a waning Barcelona on Tuesday - where everyone shone, from 39-year-old goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon to precocious forward Paulo Dybala - showed they are as good as anything on offer in this season's competition.
The victory left Juventus as firm favourites to advance to the semi-finals, unless Barcelona can pull off a repeat of their previous round's comeback against Paris St Germain when they lost the first leg 4-0 but won the second 6-1.
After Inter Milan won the Champions League in 2010, Italy endured four successive seasons without managing to get a team beyond the quarter-finals - a far cry from the days when its clubs routinely dominated European competition.
With clubs unable to compete with the television revenue of their English counterparts, stadiums falling into disrepair and attendances slumping, Serie A fell into a downward spiral.
Juventus, who themselves spent a season in Serie B after being relegated in the wake of a match-fixing scandal, were quickest to react.
They demolished the over-sized, windswept Stadio Delle Alpi and replaced it with the compact, atmospheric Juventus stadium, becoming in the process the first Serie A club to own their own arena.
Its opening heralded a new era of domestic dominance with Juventus winning five successive Serie A titles from 2011/2012 onwards. Even so, they still seemed to be a long way from Europe's elite.
After being comprehensively outplayed by Bayern Munich in their 2012/13 quarter-final, then-coach Antonio Conte warned that it would be a very long time before a Serie A club won the Champions League.
"Here in Italy, we have to work with what we have got and we need to have the humility to realise that things are not the same as they were in the past," they said at the time. "But we are only interested in ... futile things, about gossip and creating controversies with referees."
Conte left in 2014, having achieved domestic dominance, and was replaced by Massimiliano Allegri, who saw Europe as the one area they could outdo their predecessor.
Allegri replaced Conte's hell-for-leather approach with a more controlled style that worked well in Europe, and in their first season led Juventus to the Champions League final, beating Real Madrid on the way.
Although they were ultimately outclassed by Barcelona 3-1 in Berlin, Juventus have continued building since.
They snapped up Gonzalo Higuain, Serie A's most prolific marksman, when they fell out with Napoli at the end of last season, placing them alongside Dybala, 23, the most exciting player to come out of Argentina since Lionel Messi.
Another key signing was Bosnian midfielder Miralem Pjanic, whose ability to play long passes over opposing defences has given Juventus a new dimension.
"We're still in the process of growing," Allegri said after Tuesday's memorable win.
"We've made important steps forward over the last few years. Juventus have respect for Europe and, above all, are respected in Europe. That is the greatest result of my three years here.”
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
KHARTOUM/ADEN Five Sudanese soldiers have been killed while fighting for the Saudi Arabia-led coalition against Houthi forces in Yemen, a spokesperson for Sudan's armed forces said on Wednesday.
The statement was a rare acknowledgement of casualties suffered by Sudan since the east African nation sent hundreds of its soldiers to Yemen in 2015 to bolster the mostly Gulf Arab alliance fighting the Iran-allied Houthi movement.
"We lost five martyrs and 22 others have been wounded ... we inflicted huge losses on the enemy and are holding many prisoners of war," said army spokesperson Brigadier General Ahmed Khalifa al-Shami.
The army gave no further details on the incident.
The coalition includes the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, Senegal and Sudan.
Yemeni military sources said the Sudanese soldiers were killed when Yemeni forces backed by the coalition took control of a volcanic mountain on a road toward the Khalid bin al-Waleed military base, a key stronghold of the Houthis in southwestern Taiz province.
More than 10,000 people have been killed by coalition air strikes and fighting on the ground as the coalition has fought to restore the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
(Reporting by Khalid Abdelaziz, Mohammed Mukhashaf in Aden; Writing by Tom Finn and Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Toby Chopra)
SEOUL, April 6 U.S. President Donald Trump's top security adviser agreed in a telephone call to proceed with the deployment of an advanced U.S. missile defence system, known as THAAD, as planned, South Korea's presidential office said on Thursday.
U.S. National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster spoke to their South Korean counterpart on Thursday morning to discuss North Korea's latest missile launch and a summit between the U.S and Chinese leaders, according to South Korean officials.
North Korea test-fired a missile into its eastern waters on Wednesday, the day before the China-U.S. summit is to begin. (Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Paul Tait)
CANADA STOCKS-TSX slumps to 6-month low as resource stocks slide
TORONTO, June 14 Canada's main stock index slumped on Wednesday to its lowest close in six months as a drop in crude oil prices pressured energy shares, while the materials group also lost ground as a Federal Reserve interest rate hike weighed on gold prices.
BERNE European football was given good and bad reminders of its past on Thursday with an impressive 2-0 win for once-mighty Ajax Amsterdam over Schalke 04 in one Europa League game but ugly scenes in the crowd at Lyon delaying another.
Anderlecht, like Ajax once a major force in continental competitions, snatched a late 1-1 draw at home to Manchester United in another of the quarter-final first-leg ties while Celta Vigo beat visitors Genk 3-2 in a goalfest.
There was an untimely reminder that the hooliganism which once plagued European football has still not been completely eradicated when crwod trouble delayed the start of Olympique Lyonnais' match at home to Turkish side Besiktas by 45 minutes.
Dozens of fans spilled onto the pitch, with the French club saying the supporters were seeking refuge after being pelted with objects and fireworks thrown from high up in the stands.
Four-times European champions Ajax, now effectively reduced to the role of a springboard for young players hoping to move to the bigger leagues, enjoyed a reminder of what continental success was like as they outclassed Bundesliga side Schalke.
Ajax played plenty of the flowing football for which their predecessors were renowned and went ahead when Davy Klaassen converted a penalty after Amin Younes went down under a tackle from Alessandro Schoepf.
Klaassen struck again early in the second half, firing home from 12 metres after they were picked out by Justin Kluivert, the son of former Dutch international Patrick.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan gave Manchester United a 37th minute lead in Belgium after snapping up a rebound, and the visitors seemed on the way to a comfortable win as they dominated the game.
Leander Dendoncker had other ideas as they outjumped Matteo Darmian to head in Ivan Obradovic's cross with four minutes left.
Jean-Paul Boetius headed Genk into a 10th minute lead in Spain but Celta hit back quickly as Pione Sisto, Iago Aspas and John Guidetti made it 3-1 before halftime.
Thomas Buffel pulled a goal back midway through the second period to revive Genk's hopes and leave the tie on a knife-edge.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Ken Ferris)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
May 3 Bonduelle SAS:
* Turnover for quarter 3 of FY 2016-2017 stands at EUR 526.8 million ($575.21 million), an increase of 11.7%
* Confirms its turnover growth target of + 2% to + 3% and stability of its operating profitability on a like for like basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Recasts, adds quotes, detail)
LONDON, April 20 Tanzanian gold producer Acacia Mining will have to review its mining operations if the government's ban on gold and copper ore exports remains in place, a senior executive said on Thursday.
Shares in Acacia, which is majority owned by Barrick Gold , briefly touched a six-week low, paring losses by 0900 GMT to trade down 3.7 percent after it said first-quarter core profits rose 25 percent to $82 million but cashflow was reduced by $36 million in part due to the ban.
The government halted the export of unprocessed ore on March 3, following President John Magufuli's call for the construction of more gold smelters in the country, Africa's fourth-largest gold producer.
"If we get to a point where it's a pure stalemate and we don't see that dialogue there, then we are going to have to re-appraise," Chief Financial Officer Andrew Wray told Reuters, adding that negotiations continued.
"We are making contingency plans in the background of what we would need to do if we can't resolve this."
Non-essential spending in the quarter was pushed back in response to the ban and the company would have to "really take stock if it makes sense to continue producing given the cash burn", Wray said.
The company has offered to fund a study on whether it could afford to build a smelter in Tanzania after a study in 2011 found there wasn't sufficient ore volume in the country to justify it.
The export ban effects two of its three mines and the company said it would reassess the ongoing operation of both operations "over the coming weeks".
"Clearly the message to the government is to sort this out or people are going to lose jobs (and the government royalties)," Investec analysts said in a note.
The company is also facing a tax audit and VAT refunds have not been received.
Acacia's gold production in the first quarter totalled 219,670 ounces but sales were lower by 34,926 ounces.
However, Tanzania's biggest gold producer stuck to its full-year production targets, as its mines continue to operate normally and stockpile its ore while negotiations continue with the government.
Acacia said in February it expects production this year to be between 850,000-900,000 ounces, up from about 830,000 ounces last year.
A technical committee appointed by President Magafuli is expected to report back in the next few days, Wray said. (Additional reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Feb 3 (OPTA) - results from the Super League matches on Thursday Hull (10) 38 Huddersfield (12) 12 Warrington (6) 12 Leeds (12) 16
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
JUBA May 3 South Sudan's government has increased registration fees nearly six-fold for international aid groups seeking to operate in the war-torn nation, an official told Reuters.
Two years after emerging as an independent state, the oil-rich country plunged into conflict in December 2013 as rivalry between President Salva Kiir and their then-vice president, Riek Machar, exploded into violence.
The new order will require an international non-governmental organisation (NGO) seeking to work in South Sudan to pay $3,500 up from $600. Local groups will pay $500, up from $450.
"This is to notify all NGOs operating in the Republic of South Sudan that the registration and licensing fees for 2017-2018 have been changed due to the increasing demand of humanitarian needs in the country," said Deng Tong Kenjok, registrar of NGOs at the government's Relief and Rehabilitation commission.
The war-ravaged nation counts 130 international non-governmental organizations and 500 local ones, including civil society groups, Kenjok said.
South Sudan is acutely in need of aid. More than 3 million people have fled their homes, creating Africa's biggest refugee crisis since the Rwandan genocide in 1994.
The economy is in a tailspin, harvests are devastated by drought and millions face famine.
Aid workers are also contending with extreme risks: a U.N. official said last month that 82 had been killed since the civil war began. (Writing by Clement Uwiringiyimana; editing by Mark Trevelyan)
BERLIN, March 29 Volkswagen has filed a legal complaint with a Munich court against the searches carried out by German prosecutors against the law firm it hired to investigate its emissions scandal, a spokesperson said.
Europe's biggest carmaker had condemned the search of offices of U.S. law firm Jones Day on March 15 and said it would use every legal step to defend itself.
The VW spokesperson declined comment on Wednesday when the complaint was lodged with the Munich local court and gave no further details. (Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Christoph Steitz)
March 30 Kelso Technologies Inc
* Kelso Technologies Inc.: financial results for the year ended December 31, 2016
* Kelso Technologies - trend of for lower than anticipated demand for rail tank cars is expected to continue in early months of 2017
* Kelso Technologies Inc - improved activity for rail tank cars is expected later in 2017
* Kelso Technologies Inc - "continuing to affect our rail tank car division is impact of new regulations for hazardous material tank cars"
* Kelso Technologies Inc - compliance with new DOT-117 regulations must be achieved in early 2018 for crude oil and in 2023 for ethanol
* Kelso Technologies Inc - achievement of compliance with new regulations is expected to improve financial performance of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters Health) – Planting a successful school garden requires a lot more than just soil, seeds and water, say researchers who have come up with a planning tool that can help ensure school gardens thrive and endure.
A teacher or parent may be the driving force behind getting a garden started, but once the teacher leaves the school, or the parent's child graduates, gardens can wither away unless they have been well integrated into the school community, the study team writes in Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics.
School gardens have a host of health and educational benefits, from getting kids to eat more fruits and vegetables to boosting academic achievement in science, math and reading, they write.
To better understand what it takes to help a garden thrive, Kate Gardner Burt of Lehman College in New York City and their colleagues looked at successful gardens at 21 local elementary and middle schools, and mapped out the characteristics of gardens that played an enduring role in the life of the school.
Based on these findings, Burt and colleagues defined a four-level process toward successful school garden integration. Dubbed the GREEN Tool, it's the first evidence-based guide to planting and nurturing sustainable school gardens, the researchers say.
Among the common themes for success that emerged in the research, Burt noted in a telephone interview, was that schools that established a garden committee early on were able to cope with challenges more successfully.
“The other really important piece to integrating the garden that consistently came up in my discussions and interviews was the idea of professional development,” they added. “Many teachers who don't have horticultural experience might be really intimidated to get into the garden.”
Professional development sessions that focused on the garden - even informal ones hosted by a garden coordinator at lunch or after school - can help motivate teachers and build their confidence, they added.
Having neighborhood partners and reliable funding for the garden were found to be important keys to sustainability. The planning of the physical garden space and planning for upkeep were also identified as critical components.
Connecting the garden to curriculum was another key step. Once teachers become more comfortable with the garden, they can begin to see the possibilities for teaching through planting and gardening, Burt said. “Using gardens as a mechanism to teach math, that opens teachers up to all kinds of grant possibilities and opportunities.”
In the surveys, for example, more than 95 percent of the schools used the garden for teaching science or nutrition classes. Another 76 percent used it to teach agriculture, 71 percent used the garden for English language arts, 67 percent used it for math, 62 percent for environmental science, history, health and home economics, and 57 percent of schools used the garden for art class.
Tying school gardens to academics can be another way to strengthen their roots, Burt said. “If students can learn any of the core academic subjects better by using the garden, then we can provide more compelling evidence for why gardening should be sustained in schools.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pH37ll Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, online April 4, 2017.
ZURICH, April 20 ABB said on Thursday it expected 2017 to be a transitional year, with the first signs of a recovery in some industries, as the engineering company reported better-than-expected earnings during the first three months of the year.
The Swiss power transmission and automation company said net profit for the period ended March 31 rose 45 percent to $724 million from $500 million a year earlier.
The figure, boosted by a gain from selling its high voltage cable business to Denmark's NKT Cables last year, beat the average analyst forecast of $489 million in a Reuters poll.
Revenue fell 1 percent to $7.85 billion, though it rose 3 percent after stripping out the effect of divestitures and currency fluctuations. (Reporting by John Revill)
UPDATE 1-US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
AMSTERDAM Recent acts of violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo, including the killing of foreign United Nations experts, could constitute war crimes, the International Criminal Court's prosecutor said on Friday.
About 400 people have been killed in the Kasai region, including two U.N. experts from Sweden and the United States and their interpreter.
"There have been reports of violent clashes between local militia and Congolese forces, a large number of killings of both civilians and non-civilians, kidnappings and summary executions," Fatou Bensouda wrote in a statement. "Such acts could constitute crimes within the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court."
(Reporting By Thomas Escritt; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Irish Residential Properties Reit Plc :
* Appointment of Declan Moylan as chairperson of board of company with effect from March 31
* Moylan succeeds Colm Ó Nualláin who will be retiring as chairperson and a director on same date Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
WellCare Health Plans Inc (WCG.N) reported a quarterly profit that blew past analysts' estimates, helped by higher enrolments in all its plans and lower costs in its Medicare business, sending its shares up as much as 4.7 percent.
The company also raised its full-year revenue and profit forecast, saying it continues to see significant avenues for growth, organically and through acquisitions in both Medicaid and Medicare, amid an unpredictable political environment.
The U.S. health insurance industry is wading through a turbulent phase as President Donald Trump and Republicans have vowed to repeal Obamacare, formally known as the Affordable Care Act, but have failed to push through legislation.
WellCare's shares, which rose about 37 percent since Trump's election, hit a record high of $165.95 in early trading on Wednesday.
The company said its Medicaid memberships increased 10.3 percent to about 2.6 million as of March 31, mainly due to the boost it got from its acquisition of Care1st Arizona and the launch of its Nebraska Medicaid business.
Memberships rose 9 percent in the quarter in WellCare's Medicare business and by 7 percent in its Medicare Prescription Drug Plans business.
Medicaid is a federal-state program providing coverage for low-income families, while Medicare sells plans to the elderly and to people with disabilities.
The amount WellCare spent on medical claims out of the premiums it earned, a key measure of costs known as medical benefits ratio (MBR), rose in the Medicaid business. The lower the ratio the better for insurers.
The company's MBR deteriorated to 89.4 percent in Medicaid, but improved to 83 percent in the Medicare business.
The company, which closed its $600 million acquisition of Universal American Corp (UAM.N) last month, has been trying to bolster its Medicare Advantage business to offset any likely hit from a possible repeal and replace of Obamacare.
Medicare Advantage, an alternative to the standard fee-for-service Medicare in which private insurers manage health benefits, is the fastest growing form of government healthcare, with enrollments of 18 million people last year.
WellCare's net income surged 78 percent to $67.3 million in the first quarter. Excluding items, it earned $1.61 per share, handily beating the average analyst estimate of $1.18 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose 11.6 percent to $3.95 billion.
Tampa, Florida-based WellCare raised its full-year profit forecast to $6.55-$6.80 per share on revenue of $16.55-$16.95 billion.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
April 13 TAY TWO Co Ltd :
* Says co appoints Katsuji Fujiwara as new president to replace Katsuhiro Terada who will take up the post of chairperson
* Changes will occur on May 26
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/lVPzFc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31 Zhejiang Firstar Panel Technology Co Ltd :
* Says co's wholly owned plastic unit plans to invest 10.4 million yuan in a Guangdong-based precision tech firm, raising stake in it to 51 percent from 0 percent
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XZ3GlU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The rapper Wiz Khalifa was accused in a lawsuit on Thursday of copying much of their 2016 song “Most of Us,” from another rapper's song with the same title from six years earlier.
Khalifa's version “unmistakably copies the essential elements” of the song by Cymple Man, according to a complaint filed in Manhattan federal court against Khalifa and their record labels, including Warner Music Group's Atlantic Records.
A spokesperson for Khalifa did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Atlantic Records had no immediate comment.
Cymple Man, whose given name is Dustin Bennett, said they had given Khalifa a demo of their song “Most of Us” in April 2012 at Salt Lake City International Airport, while both were travelling to performances, so Khalifa could decide whether they should collaborate.
Khalifa never followed up, but they incorporated some lyrics, the refrain and the chorus of the plaintiff's song into their own song without permission or paying royalties, the complaint said.
“Moreover, Khalifa utilizes the term ‘most of us' to introduce the audience to the same theme of sinful behaviour with the same expression” in a manner “distinctively original to Bennett's work,” the complaint said.
The plaintiff, who lives in southeastern Georgia, said they had copyrighted their song in March 2010, and that the defendants have refused to enter any licensing or royalty agreement.
 They are seeking unspecified damages, including profits from the alleged infringement.
Khalifa, whose given name is Cameron Thomaz, included “Most of Us” on the 2016 album “Khalifa,” which peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 list of popular U.S. albums.
The song has also received more than 30 million views on Google's YouTube.
The case is Bennett v. Thomaz et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 18-00922.
Coach Charter Italy proposes to you one of the most reliable bus services in the town, like Bus charter Florence. With very large-scaled service options, the company is specialized on different charter services that clients can make use of. If you want to discover Rome or Florence and need a bus with a guide, then you can take into consideration the actual Coach Charter Italy and use their high quality offerings.
The website of Coach Charter Italy has a lot of interesting to propose to you. If you are always seeking a perfect bus charter which could satisfy all your needs, then you should check the actual features of these buses, that are presented on their website. The whole set of info is provided in the different sections of the main menu. You can notice that they highly appreciate their clients and privilege them all. Also, there is no doubt about the quality of their services, because of the many reviews shown up on their web page.
The Bus charter Italy is the perfect choice to discover Italy. Having so many destinations and tours, the company is ranked highly and has a lot of advantages among other companies. To begin with, you should appreciate their safety measure and think about how secure is each and every bus. Moreover, all their bus drivers are well instructed and possess a great experience in the past. So, you are free to choose their services without any doubt. One other point, there is a huge advantage that they are working all year around. It does not matter if you want to make the travel in winter in the New Year's Eve, or in the hot summer, they will be always open to provide you the best option in the Bus charter Rome. Last but not least, they are diverse. In other words, you can choose small buses, for small companies, or big ones and make new friends. You can also require a personal time to make the travel with the bus.
About Coach Charter Italy:
Coach Charter Italy is a company which provides charter tours in Rome, Florence and other destinations. Having a big experience, they know how to please all of their clients. Do not hesitate to make use of their offerings and make your vacation unforgettable and one of the best of yours.
Contact:
Company Name: Coach Charter Italy
Company Name: Bus Charter Italy
E-mail: irroreisencom@gmail.com
Contact Person: Heinz Irro
Full Address: Roland-Brandin-Str. 2, 29439 Luechow, Germany
Phone #: +49 5841 977 325
Website: http://www.coach-charter-italy.com/
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
CARACAS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's threat of military intervention in Venezuela was "an act of craziness," the South American country's Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said on Friday.
Venezuela's foreign ministry was expected to issue a statement on Saturday responding to Trump's comment that "a possible military option" was under consideration for the crisis-racked nation.
The country is deep in a recession compounded by shortages of food and medicine, while anti-government protests have killed more than 120 people since April.
Responding to Trump, Padrino told state television, "It is an act of craziness. It is an act of supreme extremism. There is an extremist elite that rules the United States."
"As a soldier, I stand with the Venezuelan armed forces, and with the people. I am sure that we will all be on the front lines of defending the interests and sovereignty of this beloved Venezuela," they added.
Communications Minister Ernesto Villegas called Trump's remark "an unprecedented threat to national sovereignty."
In a Friday night message on social network Twitter, they said, "The diplomatic corps is summoned to the foreign ministry for tomorrow, when it will release a communiqué addressing the imperial threat to Venezuela."
Last month's election of a legislative superbody packed with allies of unpopular socialist President Nicolas Maduro drew international condemnation for usurping the authority of Venezuela's opposition-controlled congress.
Maduro says the assembly, which has the power to re-write Venezuela's constitution, is needed to bring peace and prosperity to the oil-rich but economically ailing country. Critics say the assembly casts aside any remaining checks on Maduro's power.
The opposition boycotted the vote for the assembly, which assured that it would be stacked with Maduro allies.
The White House said Maduro requested a phone call with Trump on Friday, which the administration appeared to spurn, saying in a statement that Trump would gladly speak with the leader of Venezuela once democracy was restored.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
* Euro near multi-year peaks on yen, dollar
* Bond yields spike as inflation expectations flare
* BOJ offers to buy unlimited bonds to stop yields rising
* Bitcoin tumbles further from December's record high
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries jumped to a near four-year peak, markedly steepening the curve and squeezing out investors who had feverishly bet on a tighter spread between longer-dated and short-dated yields.
Global central banks have recently struck a more hawkish tone with impressive economic data and buoyant oil prices driving up long-term inflation expectations.
The European Central Bank, for one, is widely expected to end its asset-purchase programme as early as September. That has pushed five-year German Bund yields above zero for the first time since 2015. UK gilt prices also cheapened significantly.
Investors reacted by bidding the euro broadly higher from a 2-1/2 year top on the yen and a three-year peak on the dollar at $1.2509.
Yet rising U.S. yields have failed to prop up the dollar index, which paused around a three-year trough.
“The trade weighted dollar continued to weaken very broadly in 2018 with the two key pillars being growth strengthening elsewhere in the world, supporting emerging market forex... and central bank divergence narrowing, supporting euro, yen and British pound,” JP Morgan analyst Charles Perrin wrote in a note to clients.
“The currency was also dragged by U.S. politics.”
The United States is witnessing deep partisan political divisions and intra-party squabbles with lawmakers unable to find common ground on most issues. The federal government shut down last month for three days when Republicans and Democrats failed to strike a deal to fund public operations.
The dollar is not far off a 4-1/2 month low against the yen .
The Bank of Japan did its best to stem the rise in borrowing costs, stepping into the market on Friday with a promise to buy as many bonds as it would take to keep yields low.
Investors now await the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for clues on the strength of the labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Bitcoin, the world's biggest cryptocurrency, continued to tumble after hitting a record high $19,666 in December on the Bitstamp exchange. It was last down 3.4 percent at a more than two-month trough of $8,690.
The digital coin had skidded to its lowest since November, as a Facebook ban on cryptocurrency adverts and a growing regulatory backlash against the nascent market frightened investors.
UNEASE IN EQUITIES
Asian shares stumbled, with Korean and Japanese benchmark indices falling more than 1 percent .
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.3 percent and away from a record high.
Wall Street saw a mixed closing on Thursday with the Dow up 0.1 percent, the S&P 500 marginally off and Nasdaq down 0.35 percent.
High-profile tech companies reported after the closing bell on Wall Street, with Amazon.com surging 6 percent as it reported the largest profit in its history.
Alphabet was down nearly 3 percent in extended trade after its earnings missed estimates and Apple bounced more than 3 percent.
In commodities, gold hovered near a six-month peak at $1,348.9 an ounce.
Oil rose after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. crude rose 33 cents to $66.13 per barrel and Brent edged 18 cents higher to $69.83.
(Updates to close)
April 28 Australian shares were little changed on Friday but posted their third straight month of gains, while New Zealand's benchmark stock index capped its strongest showing in nine months.
Weaker commodity prices hemmed in Australia's S&P/ASX 200 , which ended up a marginal 2.619 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,924.1.
Lower oil, gold and metal prices hurt the overall metal index, which ended down 0.4 percent.
But gains in National Australia Bank and ANZ Banking helped offset some of the pressure on the benchmark index as investors positioned themselves ahead of key bank earnings next week.
Healthcare company CSL Ltd and toll road operator Transurban Group were among the top gainers on the benchmark index.
The index rose 1.2 percent for the week and 1 percent for the month of April.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.3 percent, or 24.140 points, to 7,378.750.
The index rose 2.5 percent for both the week and the month, its biggest gain since July 2016.
Gains on Friday were led by Auckland International Airport , which rose to its highest in six weeks.
A2 Milk fell 4.3 percent on Friday but ended up for the week. It had buoyed the market over the last few sessions with a series of record highs. (Reporting by Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru; Editing by Kim Coghill)
FILE PHOTO: An Boeing 777 aircraft lands at the Charles de Gaulle International Airport in Roissy, near Paris, October 27, 2015. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Thursday it delivered 169 jetliners in the first quarter, down from 176 in the same period a year earlier.
The company said deliveries of the single-aisle 737 slipped to 113 in the quarter, from 121 a year earlier, as it readies a newer version of its most popular plane.
Boeing said deliveries of its twin-aisle 777 jetliners fell to 21 from 23, while those of the 787 Dreamliner increased to 32 from 30.
The company has said it expects to deliver between 760 and 765 commercial aircraft in 2017, more than the 748 in 2016.
The world's biggest planemaker said it booked net orders of 198 aircraft in the first quarter.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Nehe Milner-Skudder of New Zealand celebrates after scoring a try against Australia during their Rugby World Cup Final at Twickenham in London, October 31, 2015. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
WELLINGTON All Blacks winger Nehe Milner-Skudder is racing the clock to be fit enough to face the British and Irish Lions in June, their Super Rugby coach Chris Boyd said on Saturday.
Milner-Skudder broke bones in their foot while playing for the Wellington Hurricanes against the Waikato Chiefs on March 10 and was expected to be out of action for six weeks, but Boyd said on Saturday the injury was taking longer than expected to heal.
"The solidification of the bone in their foot is slow," Boyd told New Zealand radio station Newstalk ZB on Saturday. "It's a low blood-flow area, so it's slow.
"We initially thought six weeks, so post the bye that's coming up after Blues and Brumbies.
"He may be ready to come in at the back end of that, they may not."
The 26-year-old scored a try in the World Cup final in 2015 and was then named World Rugby's Breakthrough Player of the Year but has been blighted by injury since and missed virtually all of 2016 as they recovered from shoulder surgery.
Boyd said Milner-Skudder had been working hard to do all they could to get fit in time for the visit of Warren Gatland's Lions, with the first match of their tour on June 3.
"He's worked incredibly hard to keep fit and strong and healthy in other ways, but he's got a wound that's not helping them at the moment," Boyd added.
"I don't think they would have played an awful amount of rugby, before they pick the All Blacks.
"Whether that's the preparation that the All Blacks want for that, it depends on what sort of back three they're looking for and who else is fit.
"I think (he) will be available, but they won't have played a whole lot of rugby."
The Hurricanes play the Blues at Eden Park later on Saturday and then meet the ACT Brumbies in Napier next week before they have their second bye of the competition.
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 28 Barclays Plc
* Africa banking profit before tax, excluding impairment of Barclays' holding in BAGL, increased to 325 mln stg
* Management views its current PPI provision as appropriate
* We have also observed an increase in PPI complaint flow from March 2017
* Credit impairment charges increased 19 pct to 527 mln stg in Q1
* On Africa, we await approval for separation arrangements already agreed with local management
* Markets income decreased 4 pct to 1.35 bln stg reflecting a 14 pct reduction in macro income to 490 mln stg, due to weaker performance in U.S. rates and impact of exiting energy-related commodities
* 10 pct reduction in equities at markets business to 462 mln stg driven by lower U.S. equity derivatives Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Rachel Armstrong)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
May 3 Echelon Financial Holdings Inc
* Echelon Insurance reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 operating earnings per share C$0.19 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share C$0.62 from continuing operations
* Says closing book value per share as of Q1-end of $12.10, an increase of 3.4% over Q4 of 2016
* Echelon Financial Holdings Inc - Qtrly net earned premiums $49 million versus $43.3 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:35PM THERE will be more than just trophies on offer for athletes who win at this weekend's Coca-Cola Games.
Today Coca-Cola Games organisers announced a partnership with the Damodar Group of Companies which include a $4000 donation to Fiji Secondary School athletics and winners also eat for free at the Damodar City.
In addition, students who purchase Coca-Cola Games tickets will get 50% off on their second movie ticket at the Damodar Cinemas, chief executive officer Div Damodar said.
Mr Damodar said the idea to put an extra value on the games tickets was to give young people who will congregate at the games a positive place to spend time over the games weekend.
"The idea is you have to go to the coke games. Our motive is to contribute to positive youth empowerment, to ensure youth participate in sports and engage in positive activities during the weekend," they said.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: A view shows the ''iconic ''Hollywood'' sign overlooking Southern California's film-and-television hub in the Hollywood Hills in Los Angeles, California, U.S. January 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevork Djansezian
Hollywood writers and representatives of movie and television conglomerates on Monday resumed contract talks aimed at staving off a strike as early as Tuesday that could black out TV talk shows and soap operas.
The 9,000-member Writers Guild of America (WGA) and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) spent much of the weekend in negotiations ahead of a contract expiration deadline at midnight PT (3 a.m. Tuesday ET), Hollywood trade outlets reported.
Variety, citing unnamed sources, said late on Monday that "little progress" had been made in contract negotiations between the WGA and studios.
The Hollywood Reporter said an agreement between the parties "remains elusive" and it was not clear whether the midnight deadline would "bring a deal, a strike or even an extension of talks."
A WGA representative declined to comment to Reuters about where negotiations stood on Monday.
If there is no agreement, the WGA is prepared to call for a stoppage and for picketing of the big TV and movie studios as early as Tuesday morning.
WGA members took part in Monday's May Day march in downtown Los Angeles, held in support of workers rights and union solidarity.
The two sides have imposed a media blackout on the talks, which are centered on the revolution in the television industry that has seen the arrival of streaming services like Netflix and Amazon, and a decline from around 22 episodes to 8-1O episodes seasons of scripted comedy or drama.
The WGA says its members, who are paid per episode, have suffered an average 23 percent drop in earnings in the past three years.
Royalties for shows sold on DVDs, streaming platforms and cable TV are also at issue, along with funding for the WGA's health plan.
The AMPTP represents entertainment giants Comcast Corp, Walt Disney Co, CBS Corp, Viacom Inc, Time Warner Inc and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Pius ﻿﻿﻿Man, by Dragon Award nominee Declan Finn, set for re-release this July.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Book
* Adventure
* Thriller Industry:
* Books Location:
* Harvest - Alabama - US Subject:
* Products
Contact
Russell Newquist
***@silverempire.org Russell Newquist
End
-- From vampire horror to satire to science fiction, Declan Finn's imagination has brought no end of excitement to life for their readers. Now the noteworthy Dragon Award nominated author of Honor at Stake is teaming with Silver Empire Publishing to bring their thriller novel, A Pius Man, to new readers. The book returns to circulation in both eBook and paperback formats on July 1, 2017.A political and religious thriller in the vein of a more historically accurate Dan Brown, A Pius Man takes readers on an action packed romp through the innards of Rome and the Vatican. The tale follows the adventures of Sean A.P. Ryan – stuntman, martial artist, security consultant, and all around badass – and Scott "Mossad" Murphy, among others, as they unravel a conspiracy designed to undermine the new pope and even bring down the Catholic Church itself."We can't wait to get this book in front of new readers," said Russell Newquist, CEO of Silver Empire Publishing. "We've spent the last six months polishing it and we can't wait to see the reaction, both from Declan's old fans and new readers."Declan Finn lives in a part of New York City unreachable by bus or subway. Who's Who has no record of him, their family, or their education. You can find their ramblings over at The Catholic Geeks and their rantings on writing at apiusman.blogspot.com. But to hear them really rant and rave, check out their interview show at The Catholic Geek podcast, over at Blog Talk Radio.A Pius Man will is available now for pre-order directly from Silver Empire in both print and e-book formats. Readers can find it at the Silver Empire online store at https://silverempire.org/ shop . The eBook will be available for pre-order from Amazon.com on Saturday, June 24, 2017. The paperback will be available to order on Amazon.com and other online bookstores on July, 1, 2017. Silver Empire is offering special bonus deals to readers who pre-order the book directly from the publisher.
BRUSSELS German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel urged Russia to support a United Nations Security Council resolution to condemn a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria, adding those responsible should face an international court.
The United States, Britain and France proposed a resolution to be put to the vote on Wednesday blaming Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces for the deadly attack in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun.
"We find it right that the United Nations Security Council should be occupied with this case of poisonous gas today. We appeal to Russia to support this Security Council resolution, to investigate the incident and to hold to account those responsible," Gabriel told reporters before an international conference on Syria in Brussels.
"Of course we should do everything to bring those responsible to an international court because it is one of the most evil war crimes you can imagine," they continued.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)
Will backup quarterback Nick Foles shepherd them behind center for the rest of the season? Or will they seek outside help? Sophomore quarterback Carson Wentz carried them to 11-2 and an early claiming of the division title. But Wentz, the team confirmed Monday, tore their left ACL midway through the Eagles' 43-35 win over the Rams on Sunday night. He's out for the season.
Naturally, speculation began.
ESPN's Dianna Russini tweeted Monday afternoon that the Eagles should consider Tony Romo, who's excelling as a broadcaster in their first season away from the Cowboys.
"How many weeks of watching Nick Foles before Philly realizes they should convince the prematurely retired @tonyromo to come out of the booth" Russini tweeted. "The veteran knows the NFC, the Eagels have a great running game and defense, and here's Romo chance to win a Super Bowl."
The largest and most diverse multi-cultural show in Texas brings together 2 days of education, competitions, and entertainment to the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Technology
* Startup
* Marketplace Industry:
* Beauty Location:
* Dallas - Texas - US Subject:
* Sponsorships
Contact
ShearShare
***@shearshare.com ShearShare
End
-- ShearShare, the pioneer in on-demand workspace for the beauty and barbering industry, will present to 5,000 area stylists at the 2018 Texas International Hair & Trade Show.The Texas International Hair & Trade Show is a hair, beauty, cosmetics, education, and entertainment convention that draws thousands of local stylists of various genres. The event will take place at the Mesquite Convention Center. Dr. Caldwell's session is titled, "Creating a New Workweek," and highlights the changing landscape of the salon and barbershop industry.Dr. Tye Caldwell, ShearShare cofounder & CEO, says, "Our industry is constantly evolving, and some of the most flexible professionals I know are stylists and salon and barbershop owners. With the seismic shift in how, when, and where stylists look for space to work, we feel such a responsibility in making sure this new trend remains a win-win for our fellow beauty and barbering professionals. ShearShare is the first app that offers this on-demand leasing flexibility;we're already ahead of the shift. Our team is looking forward to addressing our community right here at home in Texas and sharing what we're learning about the changing landscape."During this two-day event convention, licensed stylist, barbers, and students have access to more than 50 classes and can earn multi-state CEUs (Continuing Educating Units). The exhibition offers easy access to the specific disciplines of the HBC industry; over 120 vendors and exhibitors with exclusive deals on thousands of products and services from companies.• Texas is home to over 300,000 licensed cosmetologists and 16,000 licensed barbers• More than 250 new salons open in Texas every month• Texas is ranked as one of the best states for self-employed and freelance workersTIHTS connects manufacturers, distributors, and service providers to licensed professionals while exposing the latest brands to the industry's diverse customer base. Back by popular demand, there will be featured experts on health, nutrition, barbering, hair loss and replacement, business success and financial management. Interactive panels and open mic discussions on these topics shall allow for interaction specifically tailored to industry professionals.Show highlights:• NEW! The Texas International Hair Show Kick-Off Party will take place on Saturday, June 23, at the Foundation Room at the House of Blues• The Ultimate Barber Battle hosted by K104 radio personality Bay Bay and featuring celebrity barber John Mosley, will take place on Sunday, June 24, at 1:30pm on the main stage• "America's Next Top Stylist" Competition, the signature competition at the Texas International Hair Show, is hosted by K104's nationally syndicated host DeDe McGuire and takes place on Sunday, June 24• The Makeup Mile "Face Off" competition will take place on Sunday, June 24For information about registration, accommodations, tickets, and the latest news about The Texas International Hair and Trade Show please visit www.texashairshows.com
FILE PHOTO: Klaus Kleinfeld, Chief Executive Officer of Arconic, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The letter by Arconic Inc (ARNC.N) CEO Klaus Kleinfeld that led to their resignation earlier this week focused on the alleged behavior of Paul Singer, founder of $33 billion hedge fund Elliott Management, at the 2006 World Cup in Berlin.
Elliott, which had launched a proxy battle against the specialty metal maker, disclosed the letter to Singer on Thursday after German business magazine WirtschaftsWoche reported details of its contents.
"Quite a few people who accompanied you ... during and especially after the many matches you attended are still full of colorful memories," said the April 11 letter, which contains a signature and Kleinfeld's letterhead.
Kleinfeld resigned on Monday after Elliott brought the letter to the company's attention. Arconic, which separated from aluminum producer Alcoa Corp (AA.N) last year, said Kleinfeld did not consult the board before sending the letter, which neither side published on Monday.
The saga began late last year with Elliott's campaign to oust Kleinfeld from Arconic, saying its stock performance lagged peers.
Elliott, which owns a 13.2 percent stake, nominated five directors to the board in January and suggested Larry Lawson, former chief executive officer of aircraft parts supplier Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc (SPR.N), should run the company.
Arconic maintained its support for Kleinfeld, whom it said helped rescue the company in 2008 and was a key force behind the spinoff. They were Alcoa's CEO for eight years and then took the helm of Arconic after the split-up in 2016.
The two sides have engaged in a series of public announcements and videos refuting each other's claims.
While Kleinfeld was the main target of Elliott's proxy fight, the hedge fund has said it will press ahead with its campaign and has asked Arconic shareholders to vote for its director nominees at the May 16 shareholder meeting.
After releasing the letter, Elliott said late on Wednesday that Arconic had created a "public frenzy" for further information and that it had no choice but to make the letter and its response public.
"How you celebrated your soccer enthusiasm and the 'great time' you must have had in your Berlin weeks ... left a deep impression," says the letter from Kleinfeld, who sent an official match ball along with the note. (bit.ly/2oRrs4Z)
Elliott said the letter "read as a threat to intimidate or extort a senior officer of Elliott Management based on completely false insinuations."
After learning of the letter, Elliott General Counsel Richard Zabel wrote to Arconic's board.
"This is highly inappropriate behavior by anyone and certainly by the CEO of a regulated, publicly traded company, in the midst of a proxy contest," said Zabel's letter, which Elliott also disclosed on Thursday.
On Monday, Arconic said Kleinfeld's resignation was not in response to the proxy fight or Elliott's criticism of the company.
(Additonal reporting by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Lisa Von Ahn)
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film their new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character they play in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
They were reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in their pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, they were always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. 🌟️ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy 💖🙏 pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world 💙 I'm really proud of them 🙏🌟 pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted their fans. They were at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where their latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KERLINK SA:
* AWARDED ISO 9001-2015 CERTIFICATE BY LLOYD'S REGISTER QUALITY ASSURANCE (LRQA) FOR ITS IOT NETWORK SOLUTIONS Source text: bit.ly/2GGtFIY Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 7 Augusta Capital Ltd :
* Augusta Capital increases NPT stake to 18.85%
* Deal for total amount nz$10.6 million
* Augusta capital ltd - following that, augusta capital will be the largest shareholder in npt
* Augusta capital - "augusta intends to vote against kiwi property proposal"
* Augusta capital ltd - co will also be voting for change through resolutions two to six, to remove two of current board members, Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Somali refugees who survived an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea sit at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
A Somali refugee, who was among survivors of an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea, lies at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
Somali refugees who survived an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea sit at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
A Somali refugee, who was among survivors of an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea, sits at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
An injured Somali refugee, who was among survivors of an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea, sits at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
A Somali refugee, who was among survivors of an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea, sits at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
Somali refugees who survived an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea sit at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
Somali refugees who survived an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea hug each other as they sit at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
A Somali refugee, who was among survivors of an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea, cries as they sit at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
Somali refugees who survived an attack on a boat off Yemen's coast in the Red Sea pose for a group photo as they wait at a detention center in the Houthi-held port of Hodeidah, Yemen, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
HODEIDAH, Yemen Three rockets that fell in the darkness nearby were the first sign of trouble for 150 Somali migrants packed into a boat off Yemen's coast earlier this month.
Moments later, bullets tore into the vessel near the Red Sea port of Hodeidah, killing more than a dozen men on the upper deck, four survivors told Reuters. It was the beginning of a half-hour attack on March 16 that killed 43 civilians.
A coalition led by Saudi Arabia that is fighting the Iran-allied Houthi militia in the Arabian Peninsula country has denied carrying out the attack.
But eyewitnesses say the assault came from a warship and a helicopter and implicates the coalition, which is the only party to the conflict operating helicopters.
Reuters was unable to independently confirm these accounts.
"We heard the sound of the Apache (helicopter) coming towards us. It was maybe 40 or 50 metres above us," said 20-year-old survivor Ibrahim Hussein. "The gunfire did not come from one direction. It fanned back and forth. Each time, it hit many people...People were shot in their abdomen, head, feet."
The United Nations, the International Committee of the Red Cross and Human Rights Watch have collected similar testimonies.
"According to survivors' accounts, the vessel carrying the refugees across the Red Sea was hit by shelling from a coalition warship, without any warning, followed by shooting from an Apache helicopter overhead," U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said last week.
The coalition, which receives U.S. arms and logistical support, has denied responsibility.
"There was no firing by any coalition forces on Friday in the area in which the attack is alleged to have taken place," General Ahmed al-Asseri told Reuters days later, accusing the Houthis of smuggling weapons and launching attacks via the port.
A Pentagon spokesperson said no U.S. aircraft were conducting operations at the time.
HAIL OF BULLETS
In interviews last week, survivors in Houthi-controlled Hodeidah said a helicopter had circled above the boat in daytime before the attack.
Around nine o'clock at night, rockets fired from another vessel missed the migrants' boat before heavy machinegun fire erupted.
The shots sent some overboard while others fell inside the boat, where remaining passengers took cover under their mutilated bodies, according to survivors.
Asma Birei, 22, said by telephone from a U.N. facility in Hodeidah that they had seen four women whose heads were blown off and another whose foetus was torn from their womb by the shooting.
Two other survivors interviewed at a prison where the Houthis are holding them for security checks said the helicopter had made multiple loops, opening fire repeatedly despite the migrants' attempts to identify themselves by shouting and waving flashlights.
Birei and another woman, partly shielded on the boat's lower deck, saw the helicopter in the afternoon but could not confirm the source of gunfire at night.
One boy jumped overboard to escape the bullets but was shot dead in the water, they said. After that, the other passengers remained motionless for two hours until the captain guided the boat to Hodeidah, the nearest port.
A dozen wounded migrants were taken to hospital as fishing boats searched for the missing. Corpses so overwhelmed the morgue that some were kept in a freezer at the fish market.
DESTINATION: EUROPE
Survivors said the migrant group had been heading to Sudan for transit through Egypt or Libya en route to Europe.
Somalis, whose country has been mired in lawlessness and violence since the early 1990s, have migrated to Yemen for years, integrating into local communities and learning Arabic.
But the two-year-old conflict in Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people, left millions hungry and pushed an impoverished economy towards collapse, frightening Somalis into seeking safety further abroad.
"We could not wait any more," said 18-year-old Raissa Osman, who survived with their aunt and cousins.
The war in Yemen has made land crossings to Gulf countries too dangerous, so the migrants took a sea route past Hodeidah, which Yemeni forces backed by the coalition are trying to isolate from other areas held by the Houthis.
That has raised fears among humanitarian agencies that aid imports, already heavily restricted, will soon be cut completely.
(Additional reporting by Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva and Idrees Ali in Washington; editing by Sami Aboudi/Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
April 20 Murphy USA Inc:
* Reg-Murphy USA announces pricing of notes offering
* Murphy USA - has priced its previously announced offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625 pct senior notes due 2027 by its unit
* Murphy USA Inc - notes of the unit will be issued at an issue price of 100.000 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TORONTO, April 3 Canada's main stock index opened higher on Monday with Toronto-Dominion Bank and Teck Resources Ltd leading broad gains across most sectors.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 85.51 points, or 0.55 percent, at 15,633.26 shortly after the open. Eight of the index's 10 main groups were in positive territory. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
WASHINGTON The International Monetary Fund welcomes Greece's deal with European lenders for additional fiscal reforms, but specific measures on debt relief are still needed for the IMF board to consider participating, IMF European Department Director Poul Thomsen said on Tuesday.
Thomsen told reporters on a conference call that the measures, including reductions in pension benefits and tax breaks, would allow Greece to meet fiscal targets and create budget space for more targeted, growth friendly spending policies in future years.
"While we can accept that the debt relief will only be approved and delivered at the end of the program based on Greece meeting the targets under the program, we would need to assure our board already now that we have a common understanding with our European partners of what kind of measures will be needed to deliver that debt relief," Thomsen said.
(Reporting by David Lawder)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sanmina Corp:
* SANMINA - ‍ON FEB 1, ENTERED THIRD AMENDED & RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT TO AMEND EXISTING SECOND AMENDED & RESTATED LOAN AGREEMENT, DATED MAY 20, 2015​
* SANMINA CORP - CREDIT AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR A $500.0 MILLION SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY
* SANMINA SAYS CREDIT AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR $500 MILLION SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY - SEC FILING
* SANMINA CORP - COMMITMENTS UNDER CREDIT AGREEMENT EXPIRE ON FEBRUARY 1, 2023 Source text: (bit.ly/2FDRrUM) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson makes a statement about the visit of China's President Xi Jinping and about the situation in Syria, at Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
As foreign ministers from the Group of Seven major industrialised nations meet in Lucca, Italy, there's a certain amount of confusion in the air. U.S. policy on a number of issues, from free trade, to climate change to the Middle East, is far from clear.
Apart from the mercurial nature of U.S. President Donald Trump, key positions at the U.S. State Department have not been filled, making it difficult to reach agreement on statements and strategy ahead of the meeting. This at a time of enormous geopolitical challenges.
Syria is likely to dominate proceedings in Lucca and U.S. allies will be seeking clarity here. It will be their first chance to question the new U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on whether Washington is now committed to overthrowing Syrian President Bashar al Assad. Before last week's U.S. missile strikes, Trump had hinted they would be less interventionist than their predecessors and more willing to turn a blind eye to human rights abuses if it was in U.S. interests.
Questions still abound over their relationship with Russia. Tillerson heads to Moscow next for a meeting with Russian leader Vladimir Putin. Their experience in dealing with Russia as an oil executive may prove useful.
In Sweden, people are getting on with their lives again after Friday's truck attack – the latest case in Europe of this particular tactic by militants or otherwise disgruntled people. The main suspect is an Uzbek man wanted for failing to comply with an immigration deportation order.
Sweden takes pride in its tolerant, liberal society and has welcomed immigrants and refugees. That spirit could be tested in the next days and weeks if the attack provokes an anti-immigrant backlash.
MARKETS AT 0757 GMT
The dollar is a mite stronger against its other major currencies, thanks largely to comments from a Fed official helping push Treasury yields higher, although geopolitics – in Syria and the Korean peninsula – is putting a cap on gains.
European shares are expected to open slightly higher after modest falls on Asian bourses. Anxiety over conflict in the Middle East has helped push oil prices higher, as have reports of high demand.
U.S. 10-year Treasury yields rose after New York Fed President William Dudley said the process of shrinking its bond portfolio would lead to only a “little pause” in its rate hike plans. Coming after Friday's U.S. jobs report massively undershot forecasts, this prompted those who had wondered whether there could be fewer rate hikes than expected this year to reassess their calculations.
The dollar is up 0.3 percent against the yen, which was one of the safe-haven assets sought on Friday after the U.S. missile strike on a Syrian airbase. The euro is down 0.1 percent at $1.0582 but sterling is up 0.3 percent at $1.2387. Syria and the news a U.S. Navy strike force has been sent close to the Korean peninsula kept limited dollar gains.
Politics is also weighing on euro zone government debt markets. The French/German yield spread widened after weekend rallies by candidates in the presidential election, whose first round is later this month.
Higher oil price are expected to lift European stocks after MSCI's main Asia-Pacific excluding Japan index dipped 0.1 percent. Tokyo shares added 0.7 percent thanks to the weaker yen.
German drugmaker Stada is expected to open sharply higher after the company decided to support an offer from a private equity group for 66 euros per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros. The stock was up 10 pre-market trade. Still on the M&A front, Fresenius will be in focus after the healthcare group said it was in talks with the generic drugmaker Akorn, which has a market value of about $3.7 billion euros.
In London, mining giant BHP Billiton could grab interest after Elliott Advisors sent directors a plan to unlock value, envisaging a demerger and separate listing of its US petroleum business on NYSE.
Other stock movers: British regulators investigate Barclays CEO Staley over whistleblowing; Vivendi indicates it wants its CEO to be Telecom Italia's new chairperson; Finland's Sanoma sells SBS stake to Dutch tycoon De Mol, lifts outlook; Rio Tinto pays $4 billion in 2016 taxes, royalties; down 12 percent; Italy says banks should be given reasonable time to sell bad loans; Roche's Alecensa notches trial win against Pfizer's Xalkori; Porsche-Piech clan to stay out of VW management - Porsche chairperson; Daimler to offer workers at trucks unit voluntary redundancy; GAM CEO Friedman criticises activist investor's proposals.
Oil prices are up. Brent crude is up 24 cents at $55.48 a barrel, though a 12th weekly rise in U.S. drilling activity is capping gains. Gold, another safe haven in favour after the missiles strike, pulled back from a five-month high even on Friday but is marginally higher on the day at $1,254 an ounce.
Rising geopolitical tensions and domestic woes are weighing on riskier emerging market assets on Monday with investors showing nerves over rising tension surrounding North Korea as well as Syria. Stocks are slipping 0.3 percent in their third straight day in the red, dragged lower by hefty losses in South Korea's KOSPI shedding nearly 1 percent to hit a four week low while bourses elsewhere in Asia also fall.
Emerging currencies suffer too - South Africa's rand weakened 0.5 percent, still reeling from a Fitch downgrade to “junk” on Friday - the second such move by a major ratings agency in the wake of the sacking of finance minister Pravin Gordhan. Some protests against President Jacob Zuma on Friday, and we will watch out for more reaction. Russia's rouble slipping 0.5 percent – the weakest in nearly 3 weeks despite higher oil prices. China's yuan weakens to a three week low in the first trading sessions post the Xi-Trump meeting.
In Ukraine, Central Bank chief Valeria Gontareva resigns, though the writing has been on the wall for some time. Gontareva will hold a news conference at 0800 GMT - watching for further reaction.
Turkey Feb industrial production and Czech March inflation & jobs data out later.
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney (R) and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau arrive at a ceremony at the French embassy in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, December 6, 2016. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
OTTAWA Canada's Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has turned to a Conservative predecessor, also known as father of free trade, to help smooth ties with U.S. President Donald Trump and to protect exports, Canada's trade minister said on Wednesday.
Former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney will advise a cabinet committee in Ottawa this week, sharing their perspective on the looming renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with the United States and Mexico, Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told reporters.
"We all know that he's close to President Trump," they said. "So obviously, you know, any insight that we can get is welcome. You know, this is a whole-of-Canada effort."
Champagne added that the Canadian government would be leading the negotiations under Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, but it was "the smart thing to do" to listen to Mulroney, given their experience and relationship with Trump.
The prime minister's office said in March that Trudeau had spoken with Mulroney on several occasions and looked forward to continuing to work with him.
"We are drawing upon advice from different Canadians who have offered their assistance, and we are pleased the former Prime Minister has been able to serve as a helpful bridge to Republicans, including the President, underscoring the unique relationship between our two countries," press secretary Cameron Ahmad said in an email.
Mulroney's office did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
A source who knows the former prime minister said Mulroney has a strong interest in helping on the trade front because they negotiated the Canada-U.S. Free Trade Agreement and NAFTA in the 1990s, they know the file well, and has a strong conviction in the benefits of free trade.
"It's their baby," said the source, who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.
They said Mulroney, who has sat on numerous corporate boards and business enterprises since their departure from politics, is helping Trudeau deal with Trump for free, because they have the contacts within the Trump administration and has known Trump for many years in the business world.
Trump had vowed to tear up NAFTA, saying the agreement had cost U.S. jobs, but said after a meeting with Trudeau in February that the United States would only be "tweaking" its trade relationship with Canada, because Mexico was the real concern.
Trudeau's late father, former Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was a bitter rival of Mulroney when the two men were battling to lead the nation in the 1980s.
(Reporting by Andrea Hopkins and David Ljunggren; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
German authorities decided on 524,185 asylum applications last year, more than the 435,070 cases being handled in all other EU states combined in 2017, according to report in German daily Welt, citing figures from the EU's statistics office, Eurostat.
The data was based on first instance decisions and gives a more accurate reflection of the number of migrants in a country than applications. Asylum seekers may travel illegally to their destination of choice after submitting an initial application.
Read more: Almost half of rejected asylum seekers winning on appeal
The data broken down:
Germany processed five times as many applications as Italy and Greece — two of the EU's border states — combined.
Only one in 26 migrants arriving in Germany via another EU member is returned to the member state they first set foot in.
In two-thirds of cases, Germany does not even attempt to return migrants to their point of entry.
Germany is the most popular destination for asylum seekers in the EU, with 187,000 arrivals in 2017; more than Italy and Greece combined.
On average, around 15,000 people sought protection in Germany each month between April 2016 and November 2017.
The data did not include figures from the Czech Republic and Spain, but the combined total of applications from those countries has not yet exceeded 12,000 per year.
Watch video 02:05 Share Sharp drop in asylum seekers Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2qwjP Number of asylum seekers in Germany drops drastically
Why the discrepancy with other EU members? According to the EU's Dublin regulation, asylum seekers' cases have to be processed at the point of entry into the bloc. Germany, however, allows migrants to enter from other EU countries. Authorities then decide where each case will be handled. In cases where Germany had agreed on the transfer of an asylum seeker to another EU state, only 15 percent actually traveled — either because German judges blocked the move due to inhumane conditions in some member states or because migrants went into hiding.
Read more: The EU-Turkey refugee agreement: a review
What about Italy and Greece? As EU border states, Italy and Greece have seen migrants flock to their shores via the Mediterranean route since 2015. However, because of the way Germany interprets the Dublin regulation, it takes far more decisions on asylum applications than Italy and Greece together. In fact, German authorities did not send a single migrant back to Greece in 2017, and a mere 2,110 cases were referred back to Italy that year.
Read more: France presents new immigration bill
Watch video 00:54 Merkel renews call for EU migrant quotas
Will Germany's new government continue these policies? The new German government will continue to allow those seeking protection to enter the country. However, Interior Minister Horst Seehofer taken a tough stance on asylum.
They have called for internal border checks to be extended when the suspension of the Schengen agreement runs out in May. They also want to speed up deportations of rejected asylum seekers by hiring more judges and by closing loopholes used by some migrants to evade deportation.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland An old factory on the outskirts of Thebes At the premises of the old Sakiroglou textile factory, in an industrial area just outside Thebes, a new reception center for refugees and migrants with a capacity of 700 people was launched last spring. Thebes hosts mainly refugee families and unaccompanied minors who have come from the islands, primarily Lesbos. They live here in container facilities or small apartments.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland The school year has started On the day we visited the camp in Thebes, refugees and migrants were being registered for language and integration courses. Αpart from the UN refugee agency and the IOM, Greek NGOs such as ARSIS as well as international ones like Solidarity Now are active here. Doctors of the World provides primary health care. This refugee camp is also supported by the local government and the army.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Eleonas, a refugee village in Athens After Thebes, our second stop was Eleonas in Attica, close to the center of Athens. This is the first open refugee hosting center, which began operating in 2015, when the refugee crisis reached its peak. Despite its problems, it was considered from the very beginning to be an exemplary center for Greece, unlike the first reception and accommodation centers on the Aegean islands.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Emphasis on education Many of the refugees and migrants hosted in Eleona want to leave for Central and Northern Europe — mostly Germany. They are offered intensive English and German courses, as well as Greek courses for those who are considering staying in Greece or those who just want to feel a bit more integrated into Greek society.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Disturbing the calm waters of Kavala The massive arrival of migrants last year at the port of Kavala rocked the quiet northern city. Many people rushed to see the newcomers. Most welcomed or simply accepted all those who fled from their homelands. This photo was taken by journalist Giorgos Karanikas.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Volunteers and municipal workers at Kavala's refugee camp According to the volunteers and residents of the city, the majority of people have no problem with the refugees and migrants hosted in the former military camp, not far from the city center. Most people who work here want to help. Despina Tsolakidou and Evi Drakonti are two of them.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Ioannina: An old οrphanage turns into a refugee center The former children's institution of Aghia Eleni, created shortly after the Second World War by Queen Frideriki, has been transformed into new accommodation for refugees and migrants. Mostly families are hosted here, waiting for their reunification applications to be processed. Until then, they are preparing for the cold winter.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland The teacher from Aleppo Every single person at the refugee camps has their or their own story, anxieties and journey through the war zones of Syria, the mountains of Turkey, or the turbulent waters of the Aegean. Amsa was a high school teacher from Aleppo. A bomb killed their daughter.  They are stranded in Greece waiting for their family reunification application to be accepted. Meanwhile, they teach Arabic to volunteers.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland Konitsa, the small city that never forgets Even Konitsa, at the Greek-Albanian border, offers accommodation to refugees mainly from Syria. Most of them told DW that they feel safe and welcome here. Konitsa Mayor Andreas Papaspyrou told us that the city itself has a refugee past. In the early 1920's, Greek Orthodox refugees from Asia Minor and Cappadocia found a new home here.
What life is like for refugees on the Greek mainland 'We want to go to Germany' Konitsa's accommodation center hosts approximately 80 people who belong to so-called vulnerable groups. Most of them stay here temporarily, while others already have the green light to leave Greece. The Derwish family from Qamishli, Syria left their homeland in order to secure a peaceful future for their kids. They only have one destination in mind: Germany. Author: Dimitra Kyranoudi
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, March 28 Sterling traded within a tight range on Tuesday, outperforming other major peers against the dollar, apparently disregarding Britain's looming formal launch of negotiations on leaving the European Union.
British Prime Minister Theresa May will trigger Article 50 of the EU constitution with a formal notification of Britain's intent to leave the bloc on Wednesday, kicking off a two-year period of exit talks.
The pound, which has yoyoed in the past month between $1.21 and $1.26, inched up 0.2 percent to $1.2584 in subdued morning trade in London.
It was also 0.2 percent higher at 86.30 pence per euro.
"Sterling's in a range ... the market is incredibly quiet," said Kit Juckes, currency strategist at Société Générale. "Not a lot happens in the first 100 yards of the marathon. I'm not sure why the market would react to Article 50 - it's not obvious."
Most analysts say the triggering of Article 50 will only have symbolic significance for investors, with the real driver for sterling being the EU's response and the health of the British economy going forward.
"What many market participants may be underestimating is how difficult the negotiations would be ... because the pound has been doing quite well recently and hasn't been under pressure much since we got this news (date for Article 50 trigger)," said Thu Lan Nguyen, a currency strategist with Commerzbank in Frankfurt.
Stronger than expected UK inflation and signs the Bank of England was edging towards raising interest rates have helped the pound over the past two weeks.
It hit a two-month high of $1.2615 on Monday in a move driven chiefly by broader weakness of the dollar.
But uncertainty surrounding the terms of Britain's exit from the EU continues to weigh on the currency, still down by nearly 20 percent since last June's Brexit vote.
Mark Horgan, chief executive with corporate and retail currencies provider Moneycorp in London, said that nerves ahead of the declaration were highest among ordinary individual customers buying euros to purchase houses in Europe.
"People are extremely nervous, though it is probably in the retail space rather than corporates," they said.
"Companies seem to have got their heads around this event now. There has definitely been a rise in hedging. They are flat going into this thing."
Investors fear that a "hard" Brexit - one in which Britain would lose access to its largest trading partner - would damage the British economy, which is showing signs of faltering.
Worries also grow that Britain's exit negotiations could be tough and protracted, as both Theresa May and European leaders take bold opening stances.
Adding to unknowns for investors has been rumblings of another Scottish independence referendum, which threatens a potential break up of the UK just as it departs the EU.
Scotland's devolved assembly resumes a debate on Tuesday on independence that is expected to give its First Minister Nicole Sturgeon authority to demand a second referendum. (Editing by Tom Heneghan)
A sign bearing the logo of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries is seen in its Jerusalem oral solid dosage plant (OSD) December 21, 2011. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has raised concerns over manufacturing controls at a Teva Pharmaceutical Industries plant in China, Israel's biggest company said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
Teva said the FDA's warning letter, which it received on April 10, stemmed from a regulatory inspection of the plant in September.
Teva said on Thursday it was in the process of addressing the agency's concerns and will respond to the letter by May 1.
Teva's NYSE-listed shares were marginally down at $31.97 in early morning trading.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
May 2 Drugstore chain and pharmacy benefits manager CVS Health Corp reported a 17 percent drop in quarterly profit, as it filled fewer prescriptions at its pharmacies and lower traffic hurt sales at the front-end of its stores.
Net income attributable to CVS fell to $952 million, or 92 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $1.15 billion, or $1.04 per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose 3 percent to $44.51 billion. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The outdoor sign seen at the Cabela's store in Denver February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Synovus Financial Corp (SNV.N) will buy the financial unit of outdoor goods retailer Cabela's Inc (CAB.N), a source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.
Synovus will keep the deposits held by the unit and resell its credit-card portfolio to Capital One Financial Corp (COF.N), the source said.
The unit, called World's Foremost Bank, was supposed to be bought by Capital One last year, but the deal wasn't able to get timely regulatory approval.
The unit, which provides branded credit cards, had nearly 2 million accounts with about $5 billion in loans and $502 million in revenue in 2015.
Cabela's in October last year agreed to be bought by rival Bass Pro Shops in a deal valued at $5.5 billion, uniting two of the country's largest hunting and fishing retailers.
Cabela's later said it would not be able to close its sale to Bass Pro in the first half of this year, as originally expected, because of approval delays.
The Federal Trade Commission, which regulates and enforces antitrust laws, had also sought more information from the companies about the deal.
Cabela's, which derives a significant amount of its business from gun sales, attributed part of its 2016 challenges to the delayed effects of a slow-down in gun sales following a shooting attack San Bernardino, California.
The hunting gun industry has been experiencing steep swings in sales amid uncertainty around gun law changes.
Cabela's stock, which has fallen more than 20 percent since the beginning of the year, were down 2.4 percent at $50.80 in extended trade on Thursday.
Columbus, Georgia-based Synovus Financial's shares closed at $39.84 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Wall Street Journal first reported news of the agreement.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Maju Samuel and Shounak Dasgupta)
March 30 Zurich Insurance Group Ag says
* to redeem early $1 billion of trust preferred securities
* net amount outstanding is $501 million
* $1 billion of trust preferred securities, issued in 2007 by ZFS Finance (USA) Trust V expected to be redeemed on May 9, 2017 at par plus accrued interest Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
April 13 Erytech Pharma SA:
* Erytech to raise 70.5 million euros ($75.19 million)in a private placement to U.S. aeuropean investors
* Issue of 3,000,000 new shares at 23.50 euros, representing approximately 25.55% of company's issued share capital after completion of transaction
* Expects to use proceeds from this capital increase to provide company with additional resources in order to fund continued clinical development of its product candidates
* Intends to use approximately half of proceeds from proposed reserved offering to carry out preparatory steps for launch of potential phase 3 for pancreatic cancer indication Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9376 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Gains for euro, sterling push dollar index lower
* Commodity currencies steady (Updates with U.S. market open; changes dateline from LONDON)
By Saqib Iqbal Ahmed
NEW YORK, April 20 The euro rose to a three-week high against the U.S. dollar on Thursday as some traders shut down broad bets against the common currency ahead of the first round of the French presidential elections on Sunday.
The dollar remained weak against a basket of major currencies as the latest data on domestic jobless claims and business activity in the mid-Atlantic region did not change traders' views of modest U.S. economic growth and low inflation.
Traders were taking their cues from polls showing French centrist Emmanuel Macron easily beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the second round two weeks later, analysts said.
"Markets are banking on (Macron's) ability to drive the country out of its misery," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst for Think Markets in London.
Pollsters forecast the most likely outcome of the first round is that Macron will go head-to-head against Le Pen in the May 7 second round.
"We saw French yields come down a little bit," said Sireen Harajli, currency strategist at Mizuho Corporate Bank in New York. "I think it is signaling some comfort regarding the upcoming election."
The euro was up 0.52 percent against the dollar at $1.0765 after hitting a three-week high of $1.0777 earlier in the session.
Harajli, however, warned that the outcome of the race was still uncertain.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, has fallen in recent weeks on weaker-than-expected economic data and worries about the Trump administration's ability to get tax and fiscal legislation passed.
"It seems markets are expecting a slower pace of policymaking this year, compared to what had been expected earlier in the year," Harajli said.
The greenback was also pressured this week by a resurgent sterling after British Prime Minister Theresa May called an early general election ahead of Brexit negotiations. Sterling was up 0.49 percent at $1.284.
The dollar index was down 0.25 percent at 99.489 after hitting a more than three-week low of 99.374 earlier in the session.
Meanwhile, commodity currencies, including the Aussie and the New Zealand dollars recovered ground against the greenback. Canada's dollar steadied after falling on Wednesday amid weakness in commodity markets.
Oil prices were largely flat on Thursday after steep losses the previous session, with rising U.S. production weighing against comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to supply cuts led by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was likely.
(Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Gareth Jones and Lisa Von Ahn)
March 30 Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc
* Distinct Infrastructure announces debt refinancing
* Distinct Infrastructure says working with Royal Bank Of Canada, its existing senior lender, to consolidate all of its debt under one facility
* Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc - company will complete refinancing effective May 26, 2017
* Distinct Infrastructure Group- by restructuring its debt, co anticipates reducing its effective interest rate from approximately 10% to just under 4%
* Distinct Infrastructure Group - as part of proce as part of debt refinancing process, to exercise option under crown capital debt facility to repay debt early Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 OSCAR PROPERTIES HOLDING AB
* PRV EXTENDS LEASE AGREEEMENT WITH OSCAR PROPERTIES
* AGREEMENT WITH PRV IMPLIES EXTENSION OF CURRENT CONTRACT AND RUNS FOR SIX YEARS STARTING JAN. 1, 2020
* TOTAL RENTAL VALUE IS ABOUT SEK 40 MILLION PER YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
*Pogo comic strip, Earth Day, 1971
Sunday was a big day, at least for me: it was both the 48thEarth Day and my grandson's third birthday, and I hope Jamie grows up to take good care of both of us.
Although the day seemed to lack the enthusiasm of earlier times, when many of our political leaders believed the earth needed at least some protection from human excesses, Scott Pruitt did send a short messagethanking their dwindling number of Environmental Protection Agency employees for “the work you do to carry out the core responsibilities of EPA: ensuring clean air, land, and water for all Americans.” Presumably they spent the rest of their day dismantling the programs designed to do just that – programs that were a direct result of the first Earth Day in 1970.
Here are six quick takeaways about Earth Day:
1. Congress. Members of that much-abused institution not only led the way, but they did so in a bipartisan manner. Senator Gaylord Nelson(D-Wisconsin) conceived the idea for Earth Day and asked Congressman Pete McCloskey(R-California) to co-chair the event. (McCloskey, a highly decorated Marine, is still going strong at almost 91, although they announced in 2007 that the “new brand of Republicanism” had driven them from their old party).
2. Students. People complained even more about college students in 1970 than they do today, as obstreperous young people organized against the Vietnam War, took over college buildings, and demonstrated across the country. Yet somehow the Earth Day organizers saw in their youthful energy and idealism the foundation on which to build a movement. They were proved right when, on April 22, 1970, 22 million people turned out across the country for environmental teach-ins and celebrations of the earth.
3. Natural resources. Pruitt's memo to their staff mentions our “natural resources” twice in the first two sentences, thus missing the whole point of Earth Day – which is for us to understand the earth as something far more than a repository of resources for humans to extract for our own benefit. In fact, the movement was a mass protest against the polluted air, dirty water, toxic dumps and extinction of wilderness and wildlife that has resulted from our insatiable quest for natural resources.
4. Peace. It is no coincidence that Earth Day and the peace movement were aligned from the beginning. Not only did Nelson and McCloskey tap into the peace network that had been largely put together by young people, but the environmental movement also adopted the language of non-violence to protest the ruthlessness with which the modern world has treated the earth and our co-inhabitants, including . . .
5. Indigenous peoples, who were seen, like the earth itself, in need of being subdued, domesticated, and civilized.
6. And us. Much of the focus of Earth Day, and the environmental movement in general, has been on our need to treat our planet better – on saving the redwoods and protecting the polar bears and cleaning up the oceans – all of which we must do. But lest we get too caught up in our own benevolence, it's good to remember that the earth will do just fine when we are no longer here. In fact, it may be looking forward to that day. So the ultimate message of Earth Day is not only about protecting the environment; it's also about saving ourselves.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Worries about the impact of a tightening job market on the prospects for inflation and a surge in bond yields sent investors fleeing equities on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrials Average swooning almost 666 points, for its biggest daily percentage loss in 20 months.
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow since December 2008 during the financial crisis.
With Friday's rout, Wall Street's three major indexes logged their biggest weekly losses in two years, after closing at record highs the previous week. The S&P 500 and Dow saw their worst weeks since early January 2016 while Nasdaq had its worst week since early Feb 2016.
“People are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks,” said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana.
Overnight stock price losses accelerated after the U.S. Labor Department reported employment grew more than expected in January with the biggest wage gain in more than 8-1/2 years. The picture of workers commanding higher salaries fueled expectations that inflation is on the rise, which could prompt the Federal Reserve to take a more aggressive approach to rate hikes this year.
That caused the 10-year Treasury yield to surge to 2.8450 percent the highest since Jan. 2014, which could make returns on Treasuries look more attractive relative to stocks.
But market players are not convinced that the bull market in stocks that that saw the S&P 500 rise 5.6 percent in January is over. In fact many say a pull back was overdue.
“You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now,” said Carlson.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
S&P 500 e-mini stock futures EScv1 extended losses after 4 p.m. ET close in the cash market. S&P 500 futures closed down 2.3 percent, the biggest daily percentage drop since September 2016.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., January 26, 2018. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
All 11 major sectors of the S&P 500 closed down. Technology .SPLRCT weighed the heaviest, with Microsoft (MSFT.O) pulling the sector down 3.0 percent.
The CBOE Volatility Index .VIX, the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term volatility for the S&P 500 Index rose more than four points to 17.86, its highest since November 2016. VIX options trading volume hit a record high.
Analysts now see fourth-quarter earnings growth of 13.6 percent for the S&P 500, up from 12 percent on January 1. Half of the index's companies have reported, 78 percent of which beat Street expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) and Chevron Corp (CVX.N) shares were down 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after the oil companies posted lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit.
Alphabet (GOOGL.O) fell 5.3 percent after the Google parent's fourth-quarter profit came in below consensus on increased spending.
Apple (AAPL.O) shares were off by 4.3 percent as investors worried about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of scaled back iPhone X production.
Amazon.com (AMZN.O) was a bright spot, up 2.9 percent as Wall Street analysts quickly upped their price targets following the online retailer's impressive earnings report.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 7.70-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 3.90-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 48 new highs and 103 new lows.
Volume on U.S. exchanges was 5.39 billion shares, compared to the 7.33 billion average for the full session over the last 20 trading days.
(Repeats without change to text)
TOKYO May 3 An American has been detained in Tokyo for allegedly assaulting a man on a plane bound for Los Angeles, police said on Wednesday, after the latest bout of plane rage went viral on social media.
All Nippon Airways Flight 6 was waiting to take off from Narita airport on Monday when the fight broke out, media said.
An airport police officer, who declined to be identified, said the suspect, an American in their 40s, was being held on suspicion of injuring an ANA employee.
The video of the altercation was attributed to Corey Hour, a Phoenix-based videographer sitting a few rows behind the suspect. It showed a man clad in a red-patterned shirt punching another man and then evading a female flight attendant who attempted to calm him.
"ANA staff and passengers handled the situation with grace and respect. They did the best they could to defuse the situation," Hour said in an unverified tweet on Monday.
ANA, operated by ANA Holdings Inc., could not be immediately reached for comment.
The incident came after last month's viral video of 69-year-old passenger David Dao being dragged from a United Airlines flight at Chicago after they refused to give up their seat to make room for crew members.
A separate passenger video on an American Airlines flight last month showed a woman on a plane in tears holding a child in their arms and another at their side after an encounter with a flight attendant over a baby stroller.
(Reporting by Lisa Twaronite; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Three Ireland has released the new music video for rising pop star Jafaris as part of their #MadeByMusic campaign.
The campaign aims to celebrate the power of music to unite people and create lasting connections.
Three Ireland funded and collaborated with the chosen artists for their music videos during the campaign.
The first in the series is for Jafaris' ‘If You Love Me'.
The video focuses on two people for whom a song serves as a reminder of their past together.
Three Ireland selected the chosen acts (Jafaris, Saint Sister, Kormac), as each of their songs has a connecting theme of wanting to bring people together.
Karl Donnelly, from Three Ireland, said: “In a time when Irish music is at its cultural and creative peak we are thrilled to collaborate with some of the country's most innovative up and coming artists.”
The launch night was a success with Jafaris performing himself.
#MadeByMusic will unveil further videos for songs by Saint Sister and Kormac later this summer.
Share it:
Don't Miss
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
FILE PHOTO: A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency. U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency/Handout via Reuters/File Photo
SEOUL U.S. President Donald Trump's suggestion that Seoul pay for the THAAD advanced U.S. missile defence system would be an "impossible option," a top foreign policy adviser to South Korean presidential frontrunner Moon Jae-in said on Friday.
Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday they want South Korea to pay for the $1 billion Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system.
"Even if we purchase THAAD, its main operation would be in the hands of the United States," said Kim Ki-jung, a foreign policy adviser to Moon and professor at Seoul's Yonsei University.
"So purchasing it would be an impossible option. That was our topic when we were considering the options," Kim said.
Moon is leading polls by a wide margin ahead of a May 9 election to replace impeached former President Park Geun-hye, whose government agreed last year to deploy THAAD.
Lee Ji-soo, a spokesperson for Moon, said campaign officials were aware of the reported comments by Trump and deliberating their demand that South Korea pay for THAAD but added that there was no official comment from Moon's camp yet.
Trump, in the interview as they prepared to mark 100 days in office on Saturday, also accused another ally, Saudi Arabia, of not paying enough for the U.S. defence umbrella.
Trump's comments harked back to their populist campaign rhetoric and Bonnie Glaser, an Asia expert at Washington's Centre for Strategic and International Studies, said they betrayed a lack of strategic thinking.
"Trump's remarks reflect their persistent desire for allies to pay more for their defence," they said. "As far as their impact on South Korea's election, they will likely boost support for Moon, and if they win, it will make it harder for the U.S. to sustain a hardline policy against North Korea. So Trump's remarks don't seem very strategic to me."
Trump's comments provoked some consternation among Democrats and Republicans in the U.S. Congress.
Congressional aides noted the THAAD deployment came after years of discussions, in which South Korea took a great deal of convincing and then suffered economic retaliation from China.
“It just seems completely tone deaf ... That system isn't just good for South Korea, it's also good for us,” one aide said, adding that it would also defend U.S. troops in South Korea and deter North Korea from targeting U.S. territory.
The U.S. military started THAAD deployment in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which says the system's radar can be used to spy into its territory. The deployment has also prompted a North Korean warning of retaliation.
South Korea said on Wednesday major elements of the system were moved into the planned site in Seonjgu in the south of the country and would be fully operational by the end of this year.
That system will have initial operational capability "very soon," a Pentagon spokesperson told reporters on Friday.
The Pentagon has called THAAD a "critical measure" to defend South Koreans and U.S. forces and the top U.S. commander in the Pacific, Admiral Harry Harris, said the system would be operational "in coming days."
Seonjgu residents have protested, citing safety fears and its potential to be a wartime target.
The United States currently has six THAAD batteries worldwide and a former U.S. State Department official, who estimated the cost of each at about $1.2 billion, said Washington would not want to sell THAAD to Seoul.
"We want to retain THAAD in our arsenal, consistent with all other U.S. weapons systems deployed on the Korean peninsula. We own them. We retain them. We have the right to redeploy them," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
(Reporting by James Pearson & Ju-min Park in Seoul; Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom, Patricia Zengerle, Matt Spetalnick and Phil Stewart in Washington; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and James Dalgleish)
The remains of Jastine Valdez who was abducted and murdered in Enniskerry earlier this month have arrived back in the Philippines.
I parents, Teresita and Danilo Valdez, together with the Honorary Consul of the Philippines for Ireland, Mark Congdon, landed on Wednesday evening Irish time at Clark Airport north of Manila, the Filipino capital.
Ms Valdez's remains were met by Elmer Cato, assistant minister at the Philippines Office of Public Diplomacy, and also officials from Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs.
The funeral party is now on the way to Ms Valdez's hometown in Aritao, Nueva Vizcaya, by official police escort.
Jastine Valdez (24) who was abducted and murdered on May 19th. Photograph: Garda Press Office
Ms Valdez (24) was abducted and murdered in Enniskerry, Co Wicklow, while walking near their home there on Saturday evening, May 19th. The man who killed her, Mark Hennessy from Ballybrack in Co Dublin, was shot dead by a garda the next day in Carrickmines.
Ms Valdez's body was found on May 21st in undergrowth in the Rathmichael area. Gardaí have not established any prior connection between Mr Hennessy and Ms Valdez, who came to Ireland a few years ago to join their parents and who worked occasionally at a restaurant in Bray, Co Wicklow while also studying.
It is understood Ms Valdez's funeral will take place on Saturday.
April 28 Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc-
* Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc - on april 27, 2017, Douglas A. Kessler resigned from their position as president of company
* Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc - on april 27, board appointed Sarah Zubiate Darrouzet to board
* Ashford Hospitality Prime- also on april 27, board appointed Richard J. Stockton as president of co in addition to their current role as CEO of co Source text: (bit.ly/2oQLfjA) Further company coverage:
(Corrects trade figures in 4th para)
* Pence wants "win-win relationship" with Indonesia
* Indonesia one of 16 countries with US trade surplus under review
* Indonesia has series of disputes with U.S. companies
* The two countries agree to continue strategic partnership
By Roberta Rampton
JAKARTA, April 20 U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Thursday their administration wants fairer trade with Indonesia, as Washington reviews a number of countries with which it has trade deficits.
After meeting with Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Pence said Washington was interested in a "win-win relationship" with Southeast Asia's biggest economy.
Indonesia is one of 16 countries under review for having a trade surplus with the United States.
Official data from Indonesia's trade ministry puts total trade between the two countries at $23.44 billion in 2016, with Indonesia recording a surplus of $8.84 billion. Indonesia mainly exports textiles, footwear and seafood and mainly imports aircraft, machinery and soybeans from America.
Pence also called for cooperation on fighting terrorism and maintaining freedom of navigation in the region.
Pence arrived in Jakarta late on Wednesday from Japan where they reassured Tokyo of a U.S. commitment to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions.
Washington had billed Pence's visit to Jakarta as a booster for a strategic partnership between the world's second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral disputes with U.S. companies could sap the goodwill from their trip.
Over the past six months, Indonesia has wrestled with mining giant Freeport McMoRan, demanding the company divest 51 percent of its shares in its Papua-based gold and copper mine, and has demanded that Google Inc. settle unpaid taxes of more than $400 million. Jakarta also deleted JP Morgan from its list of primary bond dealers after what was deemed a negative research report.
Google declined to comment for this report and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesperson Riza Pratama said: "This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia."
However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport's third-biggest shareholder and special adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump, has described Jakarta's tactics over the mining contract as "disingenuous and insulting", according to the New York Times.
As leader of the world's most populous Muslim nation, Widodo has voiced worries about Trump's immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims.
Pence is visiting Indonesia a day after the Indonesian capital Jakarta elected a new Muslim governor who rode a wave of conservative Islamist to defeat an incumbent Christian on trial charged with blasphemy against the Koran.
Pence was later on Thursday due to visit Southeast Asia's largest mosque, the Istiqlal mosque, where hardline Islamic groups on Wednesday night celebrated the election win.
Widodo's approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: they have pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
Widodo said at the joint news conference with Pence that the two countries would "increase the strategic partnership... which will focus on cooperation and investments".
They said over the next month the two sides will form a team to discuss the "management of bilateral trades and investment based on the principle of a win-win solution". (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Bill Tarrant; Editing by Michael Perry)
MEXICO CITY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mexican miner Grupo Mexico, one of the world's largest copper producers, reported a fourth-quarter net profit of $131 million on Friday.
The company, which also has a transportation business, said revenue for the quarter of $2.737 billion. (Reporting by Noe Torres)
April 13 Gladstone Investment Corp
* Gladstone Investment - closing of sale of equity interest and prepayment of debt investment in Mitchell rubber products on April 7 to Hexpol Holding
* Gladstone Investment - as result of transaction, co realized capital gain on its equity investment, generated success fee income from its debt investment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 10 Traditional banks and alternative lenders are still underwriting highly leveraged US loans despite regulatory scrutiny as red-hot investor demand shows no sign of abating and new buyout loans remain scarce.
One third of buyout loans had leverage of more than 7.0 times in the first quarter of 2017, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data, despite US leveraged lending guidelines that were introduced in 2013 to curb market risk by subjecting loans with leverage of more than 6.0 times to greater scrutiny.
This is the highest leverage level since 2014, when 40% of deals were highly leveraged. Only 2007 saw higher levels, when 53% of buyouts had leverage above 7.0 times before the financial crisis, the data shows.
Alternative lenders such as Jefferies and Nomura and direct lenders such as business development companies from Ares Capital and Golub Capital are still able to offer higher leverage, however, as they are not subject to the guidelines, which is boosting average leverage levels.
Traditional banks are still able to lend with higher leverage if they are able to satisfy regulators' criteria. According to Jefferies data, 90% of deals with leverage of more than 6.0 times had a regulated bank on them in 2016, which rose to 91% in the first three months of 2017.
“Hot markets tend to provide issuers and sponsors a higher margin of error, allowing them to get aggressive in their interpretation of EBITDA with seeming impunity,” said Michael Terwilliger, a portfolio manager at Resource America.
NOT FUSSY
High leverage levels are not stopping investors from buying deals, as the prospect of interest rate increases continues to boost appetite for higher yielding floating rate senior loans.
B3/B rated insurance brokerage firm USI Inc is in the market with a US$1.795bn term loan supporting its buyout by private equity firms KKR and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec which has leverage of just above 8.0 times, according to Moody's.
Banks are comfortable that the deal will be accepted by regulators as the company has a track record and is a known issuer and are viewing leverage as around 6.5 times after adjustments, a lender said.
The term loan, which launched March 29, is being guided at 325bp over Libor and is being led by Bank of America Merrill Lynch with KCM, Citigroup and Macquarie.
Software company CCC Information Services' recent US$1.475bn leveraged loan also had high leverage in the 7.5 times area, a banker said, while Moody's estimated leverage in the mid-8.0 times range. The deal, which included first- and second-lien loans, was led by Jefferies and Nomura, which are not subject to the federal leveraged lending guidance.
Despite higher leverage levels, the company was able to increase a first-lien term loan backing its buyout by Advent International to US$1bn from US$925bn on March 30. The company, which is rated B3 by Moody's, was downgraded to B- from B by S&P during syndication after increasing the loan boosted leverage to 10 times, according to the agency.
CCC Information Services was also able to tighten pricing on the deal to 300bp over Libor from guidance in the 325-350bp range and also priced a US$375m second-lien term loan at 675bp over Libor after pricing circulated in the 700bp-725bp range.
“Software deals are typically able to support higher leverage due to stability of cash flows, but it's a bit eye popping,” said one of CCC's previous investors who was unsure whether to lend in the new deal. “(The) new deal is twice the leverage, same spread. Ugh!”
B3-rated data center operator Cologix was able to price a US$360m loan at 300bp on March 10 at a pricing level not seen by the market since 2007.
US leveraged loans are continuing as investors buy floating rate loans to hedge against further interest rate rises. Last week was the 21st consecutive week of inflows as demand continues unabated. Strong investor demand is expected to encourage regulated and non-regulated arrangers to keep producing highly leveraged loans, another banker said.
“There is still plenty of active demand, and there doesn't seem to be an immediate impetus to slow things down,” the banker said.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Jefferies declined to comment.
(Additional reporting by Davide Scigliuzzo.) (Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing By Tessa Walsh and Jon Methven)
Qatar National Bank sees no significant outflows of deposits, other funds
DUBAI, June 14 Qatar National Bank (QNB), the largest lender in the Middle East and Africa, has seen no significant outflow of deposits since the diplomatic rift started between Qatar and other Gulf countries, it told Reuters on Wednesday.
AIM JORACO, has been manufacturing industrial pneumatic presses to order in our Rhode Island based factory since 1947.
Contact
Andrew Lewis
4012321710
***@joraco.com Andrew Lewis4012321710
End
-- JoracoMetal Products opened its doors in 1947 as a tool, die, and stamping house located in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Observing industry's need for a compact, reliable, accurate and powerful air press, Joracodesigned its first pneumatic press in 1959 and gradually transitioned into a premier manufacturer of pneumatically powered toggle presses – the TOGGLE-AIREline. Since the beginning it served some of the nation's foremost manufacturers such as America Tourister, Fram Corporation, Kaiser Aluminum, Raytheon, and Hasbro, Inc. In 1982 Joracohad outgrown its Pawtucket manufacturing facility and moved to Smithfield, RI where it still stands today. Over the years, the TOGGLE-AIREpress line expanded and there are currently thousands of presses and rotary indexers in the field – most still in operation. Time tested, with billions of strokes performed, they offer the user an economical and efficient alternative to full revolution and light capacity hydraulic and pneumatic presses.In 2005 Joraco and its TOGGLE-AIREpneumatic press line were acquired by Automated Industrial Machine, Inc (AIM). Today, over 10 years later, AIM-Joracocontinues to build on the success of its product line by incorporating new technologies such as process controls, instrumentation and quality monitoring systems to suit the needs of its customers and the next generation in manufacturing. In 2009 we added the Hydo-Pneumatic (air-over-oil)press to our product line. In 2013 our TOGGLE-AIRE press was CE Marked for the European market. Earlier this year we updated our online presence to be more accessible to our more mobile customers and we are also looking to expand our factory within the next calendar year. We are striving to maintain our competitive edge in today's market and we look forward to more advances over the next decade of growth.AIM-Joraco® manufactures the TOGGLE-AIRE®, DIRECT-AIRE® and HYDRO-AIRE line of precision pneumatic & manual toggle presses, semi-automatic rotary indexing machines, and assembly and fabrication tooling. Our compact, bench air presses are available with forces from 1/2 to over 16 tons. Whether you are staking, swaging, stamping, crimping, forming, riveting, punching, piercing, blanking, assembling, laminating, or marking our presses offer you a field proven, time tested alternative to costly and complicated power and hydraulic presses. For more information, please visit: www.joraco.com , call us at 401-232-1710 or email: sales@joraco.com. ( mailto:minfo@ nuviewinc.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Syrian Arab Red Crescents vehicles drive in the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River, Syria March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Engineers inspect the damage at the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates river, Syria March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Engineers, journalists and Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) fighters run for cover after Islamic State shelled positions held by the SDF at the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River, Syria March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Engineers and Syrian Arab Red Crescents members inspect the damage at the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates river, Syria March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
Engineers and Syrian Arab Red Crescents members inspect the damage at the northern part of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates river, Syria March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said
TABQA DAM, Syria Spillways at the Tabqa Dam in Syria are working normally after engineers managed to carry out repairs, a local alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias said on Wednesday, despite shelling by Islamic State that temporarily halted their work.
A media official with the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia bloc said repairs continued after the shelling incident, witnessed by Reuters, and the spillways were now functioning normally.
The dam is a major strategic objective of the SDF's U.S.-backed campaign to isolate and capture the Islamic State-held city of Raqqa, some 40 km (25 miles) to the east.
The SDF began an assault to capture it last week after the coalition landed some of its fighters on the southern side of the Euphrates near Tabqa, leading to its capture of an air base on Sunday. On Wednesday they cut the road from Tabqa to Raqqa, the SDF said.
Islamic State and the Syrian government both said on Sunday that the hydroelectric dam on the Euphrates river was vulnerable to collapse after air strikes by the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militants in the country's north.
The SDF and the coalition have both said the dam is not in danger, but they paused their assault to capture it on Monday and gave engineers access to spillways at the northern end of the 4-km-long (2.5 mile) dam in a bid to relieve water pressure.
Islamic State fired from the southern end of the dam, which it controls, and at least two explosions were heard. No one was injured. The south end covers the main channel and flood gates, as well as operational buildings and a hydroelectric plant.
The engineers were also at the dam on Tuesday carrying out an assessment of its soundness as they tried to open the two spillways, one of which was half open and the other completely shut.
The Syrian government has warned a collapse in the dam could cause catastrophic flooding in the cities and towns in the Euphrates valley downstream. Those areas represent Islamic State's most important remaining possessions in Syria.
The head of the Kurdish YPG militia, fighting in the Raqqa campaign as part of the SDF alliance, has said the final assault on the city will begin in early April.
(Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Mark Heinrich and Catherine Evans)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It's official: NL MVP Stanton now slugging for the Yankees
hello
FILE - In this June 23, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a home run in the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins are working on a trade that would send slugger Giancarlo Stanton to New York and infielder Starlin Castro to Miami. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, because no agreement has been completed. Associated Press
FILE - In this Aug. 14, 2017, file photo, Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton stands on the field during a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in Miami. A person familiar with the negotiations says the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins are working on a trade that would send slugger Giancarlo Stanton to New York and infielder Starlin Castro to Miami. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, because no agreement has been completed. Associated Press
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- The New York Yankees have acquired NL MVP Giancarlo Stanton from the Miami Marlins.
The Yankees announced the trade Monday, getting the slugger and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton is still owed $295 million over the final decade of their record $325 million, 13-year contract. The outfielder was to be introduced later Monday at baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season.
The 27-year-old Castro was an All-Star last season, hitting .300 with 16 homers and 63 RBIs. There's speculation the Marlins will try to trade them to the New York Mets.
The 21-year-old Guzman was 5-3 with a 2.30 ERA in Class A Staten Island. The 18-year-old Devers hit .245 in the Dominican Summer League and the rookie Gulf Coast League.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LONDON, April 9 Britain said on Sunday Russia bore responsibility by proxy for civilian deaths in Syria last week caused by a poison gas attack that Washington says was carried out by the Moscow-backed government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
At least 70 people died in what the United States says was a chemical weapons attack in rebel-held Syria. The attack prompted the United States to fire 59 cruise missiles into a Syrian air base from which it said the attack was launched.
Damascus and Moscow denied Syrian forces were behind the gas attack but Western countries dismissed their explanation that chemicals leaked from a rebel weapons depot after an air strike.
Russia has warned that the U.S. missile strikes could have serious consequences for the region. The missile strikes catapulted Washington into confrontation with Russia, which has advisers on the ground aiding its close ally Assad.
British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon criticised Russia's support of Assad, describing the chemical attack as a war crime that happened "on their watch".
"By proxy Russia is responsible for every civilian death last week," Fallon wrote in the Sunday Times newspaper.
"If Russia wants to be absolved of responsibility for future attacks, (President) Vladimir Putin needs to enforce commitments, dismantle Assad's chemical weapons arsenal for good and get fully engaged" with the U.N. peace process on Syria.
Washington has long backed rebels fighting Assad in a multi-sided civil war that has killed more than 400,000 people and driven half of Syrians from their homes since 2011.
The United States has conducted air strikes against Islamic State, which controls territory in eastern and northern Syria, and a small number of U.S. troops are helping rebel militias. (Reporting by William James; editing by Mark Heinrich)
ASUNCION The winners of Europe's Champions League and South America's Copa Libertadores are set to face each other next year in an Intercontinental Cup competition, the head of South American soccer's governing body Conmebol said on Wednesday.
Alejandro Dominguez said an agreement had been reached between their body and European governing body UEFA to reinstate and update the once annual competition and discussions were now taking place to find sponsors and a venue for the match.
"There is a verbal agreement and now we need to take it forward," Dominguez told a radio station in Paraguay, where Conmebol is based.
"We are talking with UEFA about revamping the Intercontinental and a new cup that would be played between the winner of the Europa League and the winner of Conmebol's Sudamericana," they said.
The first matches would not take place before August 2018 and would be at a neutral venue, Dominguez added.
Showdowns between the best club sides in Europe and South America were an almost annual fixture between 1960 and 2004, when world governing body FIFA introduced an expanded Club World Cup featuring teams from all six regional confederations.
Dominguez also said talks were under way for an international match between the Copa America champions and the winners of the European Championship.
(Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
FILE PHOTO - Pumpjacks taken out of production temporarily stand idle at a Hess site while new wells are fracked near Williston, North Dakota November 12, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Eighteen oil pumpjacks are seen on a Hess well pad near Tioga, North Dakota April 30, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
HOUSTON North Dakota oil production will get a shot in the arm next month as a pipeline comes online despite opposition by environmental groups and Native Americans, allowing the energy industry to save at least $540 million in annual shipping costs.
The Dakota Access Pipeline gives the state's producers cheaper access to refineries and other customers on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Market players said they expect this will hasten a revival of output from the Bakken region which fell sharply along with global oil prices during the past two years.
"We're back to growth in the Bakken," Hess Corp (HES.N) Chief Executive Officer John Hess said in a recent interview. The New York-based company has contracts to send roughly half its daily North Dakota output through DAPL. For 2017, Hess has said its Bakken production could grow more than 10 percent.
President Donald Trump approved the $3.7 billion pipeline in February, reversing the prior administration which had blocked it last December with a decision by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP.N), which operates the 1,100 mile (1,770 km) long DAPL, has begun filling the line with crude and could reach full operating capacity by late April, based on industry estimates.
DAPL "will provide a safer, more environmentally responsible and more cost-effective transportation system to move crude across this country as opposed to truck or rail," said ETP spokesperson Vicki Granado.
The pipeline will carry about 500,000 barrels of oil per day, more than half of North Dakota's daily output, cutting reliance on riskier rail-cars and reducing transport cost by roughly $3 to $5 per barrel, analysts estimate.
That should help level the playing field between Bakken producers and rivals in other U.S. shale plays, many of which are closer to refineries and other customers.
"Economics for drilling in the Bakken will look better because of DAPL," Rusty Braziel of RBN Energy consultants in Houston, said in an interview.
The state's drilling rig count has jumped 40 percent since early February, when Trump gave final approval to the pipeline. By the end of the year, analysts expect the rig count to rise another 10 percent or more.
DAPL's opponents say they will continue to oppose the line and oil production across North Dakota, which pumps more crude each day than any state but Texas.
"Just because oil flow is pending does not mean that it cannot be stopped by court order, and we have a strong, ongoing case in front of the courts," said David Archambault II, chairperson of North Dakota's Standing Rock Sioux tribe, which lives adjacent to the line.
OUTLOOK
Transportation savings from DAPL are a key factor oil companies are considering when deciding whether to boost production, executives, analysts and investors said.
Hess plans to triple the number of drilling rigs it operates in North Dakota this year. The company will move the 30 percent of its existing Bakken production from rail to pipeline once DAPL opens.
Oasis Petroleum Inc (OAS.N), another large Bakken producer, said its 2017 output could rise more than 30 percent. DAPL "is definitely going to give us more options to get our product to market," Oasis Chief Executive Officer Tommy Nusz said in an interview.
Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL.N), the state's largest oil producer, does not contract for space on DAPL, nor does Continental Resources Inc (CLR.N), the second-largest.
But Continental expects DAPL to ease a transport bottleneck out of the state and open room on other pipelines, allowing it to stop using rail.
Both Whiting and Continental have projected production to rise more than 20 percent this year. The companies did not respond to requests for comment.
North Dakota's oil production fell 13 percent in the last 12 months for which data are available to about 980,000 barrels per day (bpd) due to low prices. While the expected jump in 2017 output likely won't return output to its 2015 peak, it could help statewide production again rise above 1 million barrels per day.
Another reason for rising production is that higher prices have prompted many companies to hedge, or sell forward, some of their output, which bolsters confidence. Whiting and Oasis, for example, have hedged more than half of 2017 production.
But the state's producers say that DAPL's opening, after months of uncertainty, gives them confidence they can ship their product to market.
"We have to have a more pragmatic approach to infrastructure development in this country," said Hess.
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Gary McWilliams and David Gregorio)
ALBANY, April 9 Travelers across New York state will get the chance to summon ride-sharing cars under a $163 billion state budget passed on Sunday that includes a free public college tuition program and ends imprisoning people younger than 18 with adults.
The passage completed a deal struck between lawmakers and Governor Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, on Friday, nine days after the fiscal year began.
Key components – raising the age of criminal responsibility and free tuition for students from families earning less than $120,000 a year – were pushed by Cuomo and led to the longest budget delay since the Democrat took office in 2011.
To be phased in through October 2019, people under the age of 18 will no longer be housed in adult jails and prisons.
The measure, strongly embraced by Assembly Democrats, will leave North Carolina as the only state to automatically prosecute and imprison 16 and 17-year-olds as adults regardless of the crime.
Cuomo, considered a possible 2020 presidential contender, said in a radio interview that raising the age - along with increasing the state's minimum wage last year and legalizing same-sex marriages in 2011 - are "really great lasting legacies."
Republican lawmakers complained Cuomo incorporated social policy into the budget, but ultimately compromised.
"There are a lot of things you like, a lot things you don't like," Senate Deputy Majority Leader John DeFrancisco, a Republican, said from the Senate floor.
State residents with household incomes under $100,000 will be able to enroll in state public colleges tuition-free. The income limit rises to $125,000 in three years.
The budget revives a tax cut program for New York City affordable housing developers and funds $2.5 billion of clean water infrastructure projects.
The spending plan won overwhelmingly support in the Assembly and Senate.
Legislators hailed the provision to permit Uber, Lyft and similar ride-hailing services to operate beyond New York City.
Sen. Timothy Kennedy, a Buffalo Democrat, said upstate New York can now join the 21st Century.
The $163 billion package also includes federal disaster aid for people impacted by 2012's Superstorm Sandy hurricane and funds for health care reform.
The pact gives Cuomo's budget director authority to plan spending cuts if the federal government slashes more than $850 million of funding to New York this fiscal year.
Cuomo called New York "a target for hostile federal actions" under Republican President Donald Trump and the Republican-led Congress, which could cut billions of Medicaid dollars to New York and other states by replacing the Affordable Care Act.
To help offset the state's $3.5 billion deficit and fund income tax cuts for people making under $300,000, the budget extends for two years an 8.82 percent tax rate on individuals making more than $1 million a year.
Cuomo failed in their quest to compel giant online marketplaces such as Amazon to collect taxes on third-party transactions. (Reporting By James Odato in Albany; Editing by Daniel Bases and Eric Meijer)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Extendicare Inc
* Extendicare Inc - Ben Hutzel has decided to step down in their role as chairperson of board of directors of Extendicare
* Extendicare Inc says Alan Torrie, is expected to succeed Hutzel as chairperson of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
FOREX-Dollar subdued as Trump probe, weak U.S. data overshadow Fed
TOKYO, June 15 The dollar nursed losses on Thursday, after weak U.S. inflation data left investors wondering if the Federal Reserve would be able to follow up its latest rate hike with another later this year.
A video screengrab shows passenger David Dao being dragged off a United Airlines flight at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in this video filmed by @JayseDavid April 9, 2017. Jayse D. Anspach via REUTERS
A video screengrab shows passenger David Dao being dragged off a United Airlines flight at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in this video filmed by @JayseDavid April 9, 2017. Jayse D. Anspach via REUTERS
United Airlines (UAL.N) and its chief executive faced mounting pressure on Tuesday from a worldwide backlash over its treatment of a passenger who was dragged from their seat on a plane on Sunday to make room for four employees on the overbooked flight.
Lawyers for the passenger, Dr. David Dao, issued a statement late on Tuesday confirming their identity and saying that they and their family were "focused only on Dr. Dao's medical care and treatment" in a Chicago hospital.
The U.S. Department of Transportation launched an inquiry into the incident, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie called for new rules to curb the airline practice of overbooking flights.
United CEO Oscar Munoz issued a statement on Tuesday apologizing to Dao without naming him. "I'm sorry. We will fix this," Munoz said. "I deeply apologize to the customer forcibly removed and to all the customers aboard. No one should ever be mistreated this way."
On Monday, Munoz issued a memo to employees defending the company but not apologizing to the passenger.
Munoz, a former railroad executive who took over the helm at United in 2015, had already been under pressure from activist investors to improve the airline's performance, including its customer relations.
Video showing Dao being yanked from their seat by airport security Sunday evening and dragged from United Airlines Flight 3411 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport went viral and sparked global outrage.
An online petition calling for Munoz to step down had nearly 22,000 signatures by early Tuesday evening.
On Chinese social media, the incident attracted the attention of more than 480 million users on Weibo, China's Twitter-like platform.
United has about 20 percent of total U.S.-China airline traffic and has a partnership with Air China, the country's third-largest airline, according to analysts. It flies to more Chinese cities than any other U.S. carrier. Last year, United added nonstop flights from San Francisco to Hangzhou, its fifth destination in mainland China.
Dao, before being dragged off the parked plane, said repeatedly that they were being discriminated against because they were Chinese, according to Tyler Bridges, a fellow passenger on the flight from Chicago to Louisville, Kentucky.
"He said, 'I'm a doctor; I need to see patients,'" said Bridges, a civil engineer from Louisville who recorded much of the incident on their phone.
Shares of United Continental closed down 1.1 percent at $70.71, after falling as much as 4.4 percent earlier. The company shed as much as about $1 billion in market value before ending the day with a loss of about $250 million. More than 16 million United shares changed hands, the most for any session in a year.
The stock is down about 3 percent for the year.
United is also suffering from broader worries among investors about U.S. airline performance.
In the United States, social media outrage continued, with the incident trending on Twitter for the second consecutive day. Many users promoted hashtags #NewUnitedAirlinesMotto and #BoycottUnitedAirlines.
This is the second time in less than a month that United has been caught in a social media storm. In late March, a United gate agent's decision to refuse to board two teenage girls wearing leggings provoked a viral backlash.
(Additional reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru and Lewis Krauskopf, David Randall, Angela Moon, Rodrigo Campos and Gina Cherelus in New York, Timothy McLaughlin in Chicago, David Shepardson in Washington and Philip Wen in Beijing; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Richard Chang)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis arrives to brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, arrive to brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis briefs the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis chats with reporters after a media briefing at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis chats with reporters after a media briefing at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis (L) and Army Gen. Joseph Votel, commander of U.S. Central Command, brief the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON Tensions between the United States and Russia will not "spiral out of control" following last week's U.S. cruise missile strikes on a Syrian air base, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday, describing it as a one-off response to Syria's use of banned chemical weapons.
President Donald Trump, in their biggest foreign policy decision since taking office in January, ordered the strikes after concluding that Syria waged a nerve gas attack in rebel-held territory that killed 87 people, many of them children.
Russia, which has advisers on the ground aiding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, warned the U.S. strike could have serious consequences. Syria denies involvement.
"It will not spiral out of control," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon.
"I'm confident the Russians will act in their own best interest and there is nothing in their best interest to say they want this situation to go out of control."
Mattis has repeatedly warned that the U.S. military remained ready to act again should Assad use chemical weapons, saying on Tuesday that Assad would "pay a very, very stiff price."
At the same time, they acknowledged that Trump had only authorized the single attack, meaning the U.S. military would not automatically have the authority to strike again should Washington determine another case of chemical weapons use.
Mattis also sought to downplay concerns about Pentagon mission creep, saying the U.S. military's focus in Syria was still fighting Islamic State militants, not becoming entangled in Syria's messy civil war between Assad and their opponents.
"The rest of the campaign stays on track exactly as it was before Assad's violation," Mattis said.
U.S. CAN'T PROVE RUSSIA ROLE
The incident has chilled U.S. relations with Moscow after a presidential campaign during which Trump frequently called for an alliance with Russia to fight Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq.
It has also led the Trump administration to harden its attitude against Assad weeks after top U.S. officials said they were more concerned with defeating Islamic State militants than getting Assad out of power.
"I don't see a peaceful, stable Syria in the future that has Assad in charge," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Tuesday. "I don't see a future Syria that has (Assad) as the leader of that government."
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson denounced Russian support for Assad as they prepared to fly to Moscow on Tuesday.
"It is clear to us the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end," Tillerson told reporters in Italy.
U.S. intelligence indicates that Syrian Su-22 aircraft taking off from Shayrat airfield delivered the nerve agent sarin, according to a White House report given to reporters.
Mattis said there was no doubt that Damascus was responsible.
Although some U.S. officials have strongly hinted they suspect Russia, which has a presence at Shayrat, may have known something about the planned attack, none have conclusively linked Moscow to the incident itself.
Mattis suggested the United States did not have firm evidence that Russia had foreknowledge or was complicit in the chemical attack.
"It was very clear that the Assad regime planned it, orchestrated it and executed it and beyond that we can't say right now. We know what I just told you, we don't know anything beyond that," Mattis said, when asked whether Russia had a role.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart and Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Trump helps make cross-border M&A great again
Cross-border M&A had its strongest start since 2007, driving first-quarter global volumes up 7 percent, as optimism over President Donald Trump's economic agenda buoyed the stock market and the dollar, making foreign acquisitions cheaper than some U.S. targets. Many U.S. CEOs are feeling richer and more confident thanks to a rally in their companies' stock, yet U.S. acquisition targets often feel they are worth a lot too, while uncertainty over Trump's tax policies makes planning a deal more difficult. Reuters' Lauren Hirsch and Greg Roumeliotis report.
here
Einhorn's GM share double clutch poses challenge for some drivers
Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's unusual plan to divide General Motors shares into two classes poses a corporate governance minefield for GM board members. The plan would create one class of stock for investors keen to capture GM's juicy dividend, and a second for those eager to bet on its growth potential. Reuters' Michael Flaherty reports on why this is a challenge.
here
Trans-Paris Express
A 90-minute train ride from the Gare de Lyon station in Paris traces a political gulf between big-city voters and the rest, a divide that has shaken up Britain and the United States and has an outside chance of doing the same in France's upcoming presidential election. Ride this train with Reuters reporters Ingrid Melander and Johnny Cotton.
here
Russians develop taste for alcohol-free beer
Russians are among the biggest drinkers of alcohol in the world, yet are developing a new taste for alcohol-free beer, which could help save a brewing industry that has stalled under government initiatives to discourage drinking. The trend, say people in the industry, is being driven by a move toward healthier lifestyles among Russian consumers, nudged by government measures that include restrictions on alcohol sales and tougher penalties for drunk-driving. Reuters' Maria Kiselyova reports.
here
Terror threats transform China's Uighur heartland into security state
Reuters' Philip Wen visits the old Silk Road city of Kashgar in far-western China, part of a region where Beijing says it faces a thread from Islamist extremists in this primarily Muslim Uighur region of the country. Wen observes a series of safety drills designed to help shopkeepers fight insurgent attacks, but critics say the drills are part of an oppressive security operation.
here
Cuba needs more green to run on green
Cuba, battling a chronic energy deficit, has all the sunshine, wind and sugar to fuel what should be a booming renewable sector - if only it could find the money. This has become a state priority Venezuela slashed subsidized oil shipments to the island. The financing puzzle is a crucial one to solve if Cuba is to hit its target of renewables filling 24 percent of its energy needs by 2030, up from 4 percent today, a strategy that would require billions of dollars in investment. Reuters' Sarah Marsh reports from Ciro Redondo.
here
Reuters photo of the day
Rocket Man meets Sky Pilot
here
A recycled SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soars toward space above a Virgin Airlines passenger jet, which had just departed Orlando International Airport. REUTERS/Gregg Newton
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
James Robertson is a music therapist and composer – and musical director of Lauderdale Community Choir, pictured.
Their own compositions and arrangements have added to the singers' repertoire.
Recent events in world politics have inspired James to write and compose a song called ‘Bridges not Walls', which they have decided to make available to be rehearsed and performed by anyone in exchange for a donation to the Scottish Refugee Council.
They said: “The underlying message of this composition is one of hope rather than protest. Whilst we are quick to condemn the building of literal walls which separate nations and communities, we also need to be aware of the metaphorical walls that each of us may build which prevent us from reaching out and actively helping our neighbours, both near and far. Regardless of who we are, or where we are, we all share a common humanity.
“The words and music of this composition are a reminder to us all of the need for community and compassion: See the sun arising over the highest wall, together we can let more light shine when the bricks begin to fall.”
The song can be heard being performed by the choir on its website. The score can also be accessed via www.laudedalechoir.org.uk/about/james-robertson-musical-director. To make a Scottish Refugee Council donation, visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/bridgesnotwalls
DISTRICT NEWS
ASHKIRK
Village hall
There was a good attendance on Friday night for the hall AGM. Chairman Alec Colvin Smith reported an encouraging rise in the number of regular bookings, which had resulted in a satisfactory financial situation. In addition, the year had seen improvements to the facilities, including an improved projection and sound system and new front doors. The committee has ambitious plans to upgrade the disabled and toilet facilities during the new financial year, following on from the upgrading of the kitchen. The chairperson paid tribute to Dorothy Robson, the previous secretary and treasurer who had retired during the year owing to ill health. They had done so much to secure improvement grants for the hall. Mr Colvin Smith was re-elected chairperson; secretary, Fran Selkirk; treasurer, David Dalglish.
Church
The Rev Margaret Steele led worship on Sunday, continuing their series of sermons on the book of Proverbs.
BOWDEN
Community cafe
The next community cafe will be held in the village hall from 11am on Wednesday, June 21.
CADDONFOOT
Parish church
Morning service last Sunday was conducted by the Rev Barry Hughes. The Bible reading was delivered by Bill Birch, and music played by Andy Bird and Anne Grieve. The next Bible study is on Wednesday, June 21, and the congregational board meets the following day.
EARLSTON
Parish church
On Sunday, June 18, the service at 10.15am will be conducted by the Rev Julie Rennick. The summer issue of the church magazine should be delivered in the parish during the next week or so.
Thursday lunch club
At last week's meeting, members welcomed Hannah who is a dementia nurse for the elderly. They gave a talk on what services are available. After the usual lovely lunch, Sheila McKay had their audience wracking their brains with one of their quizzes. The next meeting is the outing – a mystery trip when members watch the road signs to try and work out where they are going, but it doesn't work.
GALASHIELS
St Peter's Church
The Growing Together Roadshow, with Bishop John, is on Saturday, June 24, from 10.30am to 3pm at St Peter's Church – bring and share lunch. Thursday, June 15 – 10am, communion service; Sunday, June 18 – 8.30am, holy communion (Rev Duncan McCosh); 9.30am, Sunday Squad, followed by juice and toast; 10.30am, sung eucharist (Rev Annie Naish); Monday, June 19 – 7pm, bottle top sort; Tuesday, June 20 – 3pm, afternoon tea service (Rev Duncan McCosh); Thursday, June 22 – 10am, holy communion.
GLENDOUGLAS
Callant's night
An Evening with the Callant will be held on Wednesday, June 21, at 7.30pm. There is a supper, raffle and sales table. Tickets £2.50, or pay at the door.
HOWNAM
Open garden
An open garden event in aid of Mental Health Research UK will be held at Old Coach House on Sunday, June 25, and Sunday, July 2, between 1- 5pm. Original artwork will be for sale – paintings, prints, cards, garden sculpture and wood-turned objects, plus soaps, home-made jams and chutneys, and plants.
INNERLEITHEN
Service
The service on Sunday, June 18, will be at 11.30am in Innerleithen Church. There will also be a service in St Ronan's House at 4pm.
JEDBURGH
Bridge club
Monday, June 5 – 1, M. & H. Ouldcott; 2, Y. Sharrat & C. Taylor; 3, D. & P. Palmer; 4, J. Loudon & S. Graham; 5, S. White & R. Von Slicher. Monday, June 12 – N/S – 1, J. Bridger & G. Eglinton; 2, R. Oates & S. Blair; 3, D. & P. Palmer; E/W – 1, R. Von Slicher & S. White; 2, M. & F. Beaton; 3, M. & H. Ouldcott.
KELSO
Bridge club
Wednesday June 7 – match-pointed pairs – N/S – 1, Rena Stewart and Beth Stark; 2, Mary and Nigel Lindsay; 3, Jean McLaren and Alison Ireland; E/W – 1, Brian Saywood and Ken Ross: 2, Vanessa Wilson and Chris Anthony; 3, Dominic and Diana Alkin.
Stitchers
Kelso Stitchers will meet on Tuesday, June 27, at 7pm in Abbey Row Centre when Josephine Morton will demonstrate ‘Chinese Knotting'. Members are reminded to bring a mug and name badge. Visitors welcome (£3). For further information, contact Rineke Sangster 01573229414.
Blood donors
At Tait Hall blood-donor sessions on June 4 and 5, 275 volunteers offered to give blood and 253 donations were given. There were three new donors.
LAUDER
Church
The services at Channelkirk (10am) and Lauder (11.30am) churches on Sundays, June 18 and 25, will be conducted by the worship team. A summer song of praise service, ‘Hymns old and new', will be held in Channelkirk Church on Sunday, June 25, from 6.30pm. Refreshments will be served after the service.
MELROSE
Cancer support
Scottish Borders Prostate Cancer Support Group members met last Wednesday at Border General Hospital's Macmillan Centre when Professor Alan McNeil, from Edinburgh's Western General Hospital, spoke about ‘Robotic Surgery'. They explained how this procedure had developed over the years, meaning that men spent less time in hospital and convalescing before returning to work and leisure activities. At the conclusion of their talk the professor answered questions from the audience. The usual blether, tea/coffee and biscuits followed. The next meeting is at the same venue on Wednesday, July 5, at 7pm when any man with this illness, along with their partner, is welcome.
Recitals
Visitors to Holy Trinity Church in High Cross Avenue can enjoy their sandwiches in style with two lunchtime recitals this week. On Friday, June 16, the church's state-of-the-art digital organ will be on show with a performance by Chris Achenbach – music therapist, jazz pianist, composer and director of music at Holy Trinity. The following day popular classics will be performed by local string quartet Sapphire Strings. Both recitals run from 1.10-2pm. Admission is free, but donations welcome.
Parish church
On Trinity Sunday at Bowden and Melrose the theme centred on the theological doctrine of what might be called the three-fold nature of God: the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Tomes have been written to explain the meaning of this idea. The approach here was to regard it as a relationship with the believer, each facet revealing a different and active way of looking at it as in the changing steps of a dance, which led to its being summarised in the singing of Sidney Carter's ‘The Lord of the Dance'. During the book festival the church is open from 10am to 8pm. Foodbank contributions continue to be welcome. Sunday, June 18, services – Bowden – 9.30am; Melrose – 10.45am, wreath-laying; 11am, Kirkin' of the Melrosian. Retirement collection for local postmaster in Butterfly etc. in the town.
Trimontium
Between the very wet Tuesday and Thursday of last week, Chirnside PS managed on the dry Wednesday to Route March from Leaderfoot to Newstead and, after picnicking there, carry on to the museum experience and lunch in Melrose. They were probably the last school this session to visit the museum (it has been a busy time, numbers-wise) and pupils celebrated by purchasing souvenirs – an uncommon event in these days of expensive school transport, but a task which kept the supervisors on their toes. On a local day's holiday, a small boy from one school came in to show off and be congratulated on their grasp of Roman swordsmanship (and to be encouraged by their dad to put the same effort into learning their multiplication tables). Older visitors are grateful for a chat and sometimes end up showing their family photographs, which is very enjoyable. A number of panels from the Offensive Romans exhibition in Dumfries and Peebles, which illustrate the recent finds at Burnswark (sling bullets, ballistas etc.) in Dr John Reid's two excavations, have been put on display in the reading room. Thursday, June 15 – 1.30pm, Trimontium Walk.
MOREBATTLE
Coffee morning
The institute coffee morning was held on Saturday when the sum of £445 was raised for institute funds. Competition winners – tea towel with peeler, Gail Gibson; plant, Annie Smith; 50/50, Jeannie McNulty.
Festival Week
Morebattle Festival Week open meeting will be held in the village hall on Thursday, June 15, at 7.30pm.
Laddie and Callant
The Kelso Laddie and Jethart Callant meet at the Trysting Tree at 2.30pm on Sunday, June 18. This is the 70th year that the towns' principals have met at Morebattle. Master of Ceremonies and speaker are Simon Mountford and Alec Nicol respectively. Four girls from Morebattle school will dance the reel with the Laddie and Callant.
Rally
Jedburgh East Presbyterial Council Summer Rally was held last Wednesday night at Yetholm Church. This was the last meeting of the council as on Thursday, September 21, the launch of the combined Jedburgh Guild Presbyterial Council will take place in Denholm Church at 2pm. Guest speaker was the Rev. Grace Redpath. The newly-formed joint guilds choir sang two pieces with pianist Molly Pringle. Rita Purves played the organ for the hymns. Iain Whyte, guild national secretary, presented long-service certificates to members of Yetholm Guild, along with three members from Morebattle Guild who have served 50-plus years – Jenny Flannigan, Mary Pringle nd Rita Purves.
OXNAM
Library cafe
The next library cafe will be held in the hall on Wednesday, June 21, from 11am-noon.
SOUTHDEAN
Open garden
For one afternoon only (1-5pm), Westerhouses will open its garden to raise money for Southdean Village Hall and Scotland's Gardens on Sunday, June 25.
STICHILL
SWI
The AGM was held with reports from the president, treasurer and secretary. A new committee was elected. June competition results – tealight holder – 1, Pam Hall; 2, Avril Purves; 3, Yvonne Wood; strawberry tarts – 1, Frances Rogers. The results for competitions held throughout the year were – rosebowl for making competitions – 1, Frances Rogers; 2, Brenda Waring; 3, Kathy Wilkie; cup for pick-up competitions – 1, Frances Rogers; 2, Margaret Dutton; 3, Dawn Steel. The raffle was won by Yvonne Wood, Avril Purves and Frances Rogers. The meeting finished with a poem read by Avril Purves and a short quiz.
TRAQUAIR
Service
The next service in Traquair Kirk will be held on Sunday, July 2, commencing at 10.30am.
WALKERBURN
Service
The next service to be held in Walkerburn Public Hall will be on Sunday, June 18, at 10am.
WESTRUTHER
Hog roast
The annual hog roast in aid of Westruther Village Hall will be held at the hall this coming Saturday, June 17, starting at 6pm. Please contact Angela (01578 740633) or Grace (07779 908159) if you would like more information.
YETHOLM
Lunch
The festival week events continue with the village lunch to be held today (Thursday) in the Wauchope Hall from noon.
Duck race
The duck race will take place on Saturday, June 17, at noon on the River Bowmont. There will also be a special thirtieth anniversary duck race for the children.
SWI
Yetholm SWI are holding a whist drive on Tuesday, June 20, at 7.30pm in the Youth Hall.
Theatre
The National Theatre Live Link will bring ‘Salome' to Yetholm's Wauchope Hall next Thursday evening , June 22, starting at 7pm. Tickets for this event are still available from the village shop or by contacting Susan Stewart, telephone 01573 420231. The Blazing Hyena Theatre Group's ‘For the Love of Cousins' will take centre stage at the Wauchope Hall at 7.30pm on Saturday, June 24. Tickets are available from the village shop.
* Bill was prepared after Vivendi stakebuilding in Mediaset
* Renzi said to sink bill after squabble with industry minister
* Renzi resigned as PM in December, seeking comeback
By Giselda Vagnoni and Giuseppe Fonte
ROME, April 12 The Italian government has dropped plans to introduce measures to protect local companies from hostile takeovers following feuding in the ruling centre-left coalition, a political source said on Wednesday.
The source said former prime minister Matteo Renzi, who remains highly influential behind the scenes four months after resigning as premier, had pulled the plug on the bill after falling out with Industry Minister Carlo Calenda.
"Renzi themselves opposed this. The bill has been buried," said the source, who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject.
Another source close to Renzi confirmed the plan had been shelved, but said it was a collective decision by the government and had nothing to do with the former premier, who is battling to reassert their control over their divided Democratic Party (PD).
"There is no friction in the government. Everyone agreed. You cannot introduce a measure that just favours a few companies," they said, specifically mentioning broadcaster Mediaset, which is controlled by the family of centre-right leader Silvio Berlusconi.
There was no immediate comment from the government, but the measure did not go before the cabinet for approval on Tuesday as many had expected.
In an effort to boost transparency, the bill envisaged forcing investors who had increased their holdings above five percent to state publicly their final objectives.
The initiative followed aggressive stakebuilding by French media group Vivendi, which has sharply increased its holding in Mediaset.
Berlusconi had praised Calenda, who is not a member of the PD, for defending Mediaset and Italian newspapers have speculated that the media-tycoon-turned-politician wants to draw the industry minister into their centre-right camp.
Calenda used to be seen as close to Renzi, but they incurred the centre-left leader's wrath earlier this year by refusing to back their call for early elections.
The industry minister has denied that their bill was aimed at protecting Mediaset, saying it was not retroactive.
Speaking in February, Calenda said they hoped the new rules would be approved by April, explaining that they would be based on those already in place in France and the United States.
There has been a spate of acquisitions of Italian companies across a range of sectors in recent years. The charge has been led by French firms, which have invested some $65 billion in Italy since 2008, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Over the same period, Italian companies have invested a relatively paltry $7.3 billion in France.
Renzi, who was prime minister for two years before losing a referendum on constitutional reform in December, took an open approach to foreign acquisitions.
By contrast, other members of their PD party had complained about the vulnerability of local companies to foreign takeover. (Additional reporting by Crispian Balmer, editing by Louise Heavens)
Feb 2(Reuters) - MBK Co Ltd
* Says 5,141 units of its 15th series warrants were exercised into 514,100 shares, by White Knight Investment Limited, on Feb. 2
* The shares exercised for 200 million yen in total
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/ATg6AV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Adam Scott of Australia celebrates a birdie on the second hole in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
AUGUSTA, Georgia It was mission accomplished for Adam Scott on Saturday as the Australian put on a clinical display of precise ball-striking at the U.S Masters to sneak within striking distance of a second Green Jacket with a second successive three-under 69.
The first and only Australian to win the Masters, Scott finds themselves three shots back of co-leaders Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia going into Sunday's final round at Augusta National.
They have more work to do than in 2013 when they trailed by one after three rounds before prevailing in a playoff victory over Argentine Angel Cabrera.
"That's plenty close," summed up Scott. "It's just the great players in front, and in conditions like this, if they're like this again tomorrow it's going to be hard, because you're going to have to make it happen.
"I'm just going to need the round of the year for me tomorrow."
A second Green Jacket seemed a long-shot after Scott missed the cut last week in their Masters tune-up in Houston, and then opened their account on Thursday with a three-over 75.
But the 36-year-old has barely made a mistake since, and their bogey-free performance on Saturday, which included several golden birdie chances that shaved the hole but did not drop, left them alone in seventh on three-under 213.
"When you feel quite close to the lead it seems like that could just flip with a birdie and a bogey," said Scott. "I think conditions weren't quite as nice as this (on) that Sunday.
"It seemed easy today after what we've been through the last couple of days.
"I'm going to have to lean on my ball-striking tomorrow, and hit it a couple of feet closer on a few holes to give me realistic chances a bit more often."
Playing in their 16th Masters, Scott knows they will have to get through the front nine without any damage and then attack.
As always at Augusta, it will come to a boil on the back nine, though come-from-behind victories are not as common as many think.
"I mean, it's cliche here at the Masters, but it all starts on the back nine," said Scott. "For me in my position I just have to play a really good front nine, so I can start something on the back nine.
"But I'm going out there with no pressure tomorrow, playing really well tee to green, feeling good on the greens.
"Anything can happen. So it's really going to be an exciting day tomorrow."
(Editing by Andrew Both)
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The exterior facade of the Central European University, a school founded by billionaire philanthropist Gorge Soros, is seen in Budapest, Hungary, March 7, 2017. Picture taken March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban arrives to a vote on a bill tightening regulations on foreign universities operating in Hungary, effectively pushing out of the country Central European University, a school founded by U.S. billionaire philanthropist George Soros, in Budapest, Hungary, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People walk during a protest against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People holdHungarian and European Union flags as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People hold placard during a protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People wave Hungarian and European Union flags as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People hold placards during a protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
A man holds European Union flag during a protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
A woman holds a placard as they protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Thousands of Hungarian students marched on parliament late on Wednesday despite the government suggesting a compromise to keep open a university founded by U.S. financier George Soros.
Central European University (CEU) found itself in the eye of a political storm after Hungary's parliament passed the new law last week setting tougher conditions for the awarding of licences to foreign-based universities.
Critics said the new terms would hurt academic freedoms and were especially aimed at CEU, founded by the Hungarian-born Soros after the collapse of Communism and considered a bastion of independent scholarship in the region.
In an apparent change of tack, Education Secretary Laszlo Palkovics said CEU, which specialises in social sciences, could continue to operate if it delivered its teaching and issued its degrees through its existing Hungarian sister school.
"We never wanted to close down CEU," Palkovics told news website HVG.hu. "The question is whether CEU insists on having a licence in Hungary or having courses in Hungary honoured with a CEU degree ... (CEU's own) licence has little significance."
Despite this, thousands of Hungarians protested in central Budapest against what they said was a crackdown on free thought.
Thousands of students broke off from an earlier protest in Heroes' Square and marched some 3.5 km to the parliament, chanting "Europe! Europe!" and "Free country! Free university!"
They threw paper planes - alluding to allegations in Orban-friendly media that Soros had flown in foreign protesters.
One protester told Reuters they did not believe what the government said.
"Look at the law: they are still out to get CEU, they are still out to get Soros, they don't care if they destroy the country in the process," said Geza Lukacs, 22, an engineering student from the northern town of Vac.
CALLS FOR TALKS
Wednesday's protests were the fourth major demonstration in the past two weeks as the government faces growing resistance a year before elections are due.
"They have pressed ahead since 2010 with new moves every day that hurt democracy in some way," Robert Ferenczi, a 55-year-old protester from Budapest, told Reuters in Heroes' Square.
The dispute over the university has come to symbolise rival visions of Hungary's future. Soros, whose ideal of an "open society" is squarely at odds with Orban's self-styled "illiberal democracy", has often been vilified by the prime minister.
CEU itself was taken by surprise at Palkovics' comments.
"The solution evoked by State Secretary Palkovics in the press does not appear to be legally and operationally coherent and certain," it said by email. "CEU has not been approached directly by Secretary Palkovics with this information."
"Exchanges in the press are no substitute for sustained direct contact on a confidential basis. We look to the Hungarian government to initiate negotiations with CEU so that we can resolve this."
Government spokesperson Zoltan Kovacs said the government would not suspend the law but added: "We are going to have talks with everyone; if the Soros university is driven by good intentions, it will be able to solve the problem."
The law said the CEU must open a branch in its home state of New York alongside its campus in Budapest and secure a bilateral agreement of support from the U.S. government.
Both of those conditions would have been prohibitive by a deadline of January 2018, and CEU rejected them from the start.
The United States asked Hungary to suspend the implementation of the law, and the European Union on Wednesday threatened Orban with legal action for moves that it saw as undemocratic.
The European Union was adamant Hungary must show its actions would not harm democratic safeguards. "Taken cumulatively, the overall situation in Hungary is a cause of concern," European Commission First Vice President Frans Timmermans said.
(Additional reporting by Gergely Szakacs, Gabriela Baczynska and Alissa de Carbonnel; Editing by Alison Williams)
AT least 2,000 police officers will be deployed by the National Capital Region Police Office (NCRPO) in Manila on January 9 to secure the feast of the Black Nazarene.
According to Chief Supt. Oscar Albayalde, NCRPO regional director, the police officers are ready for the huge festivity next week.
“We are prepared. All security measures are already in place there,” they said in a television interview on Monday.
Albayalde added that uniformed personnel will be augmented by “force multipliers,” including at least 3,000 village security forces.
The hours-long procession during the feast day is notorious for casualties that result from the jostling of the thousands of devotees as they pull the carriage bearing the supposedly miraculous statue of the Black Nazarene.
Meanwhile, the NCRPO recorded 167 firecracker-related injuries and zero fatalities during the New Year revelry.
It said three were wounded by stray bullets, while one was killed.
Five houses in Manila caught fire but only one of these was caused by firecrackers.
Albayalde said they are investigating a report that Police Officer 1 Daniel Castillo of Manila Police District joined a drinking spree and indiscriminately fired their gun on Saturday night in Tondo, Manila.
There was footage from a closed-circuit television camera that can be used as strong evidence against Castillo, the NCRPO chief said.
It was not immediately clear if the police officer was a suspect in the incident involving the Malabon City teenager. MICHAEL JOE T. DELIZO
DUESSELDORF, Germany, March 30 SMA Solar , the world's largest maker of solar inverters, had a good start to the year with first-quarter orders for its services beating those during the last three months of 2016, its chief executive said.
"We had a significantly better order intake in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter of 2017," Pierre-Pascal Urbon told Reuters on Thursday after the group published final full-year results. (Reporting by Anneli Palmen; Writing by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr, R, (R-NC) and ranking Democrat Sen. Mark Warner, L, (D-VA) hold a committee hearing titled 'Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Active Measures and Influence Campaigns' at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr, R, (R-NC) and ranking Democrat Sen. Mark Warner, L, (D-VA) arrive to hold a committee hearing titled 'Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Active Measures and Influence Campaigns' at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Senate Intelligence Committee ranking Democrat Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA) listens during a committee hearing titled 'Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Active Measures and Influence Campaigns' at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr, R, (R-NC) and ranking Democrat Sen. Mark Warner, L, (D-VA) hold a committee hearing titled 'Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Active Measures and Influence Campaigns' at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
WASHINGTON The Republican chairperson of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday promised a thorough investigation into any direct links between Russia and Republican Donald Trump during their successful 2016 run for the White House.
Committee Chairman Richard Burr and Mark Warner, its top Democrat, pledged at a joint news conference that they would work together, in contrast with the partisan discord roiling a similar probe by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee.
Burr was asked if the Senate panel wanted to determine if there was anything suggesting a direct link to Trump, and responded: "We know that our challenge is to answer that question for the American people."
Trump's young presidency has been clouded by allegations from U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia sought to help them win, while connections between their campaign personnel and Russia also are under scrutiny. Trump dismisses such assertions and Russia denies the allegations.
The Senate committee intends to begin interviewing as many as 20 people, including Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and one of their closest advisers, beginning as early as Monday.
Burr served as a security adviser to Trump's campaign but said they had not coordinated with them on the scope of the committee's investigation. They insisted they could remain objective.
Burr declined to go along with the White House's denial of collusion between the campaign and Russian hackers, who U.S. intelligence officials believe favoured Trump in last year's campaign at the expense of Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton.
"We would be crazy to try to draw conclusions from where we are in the investigation," Burr said. "Let us go a little deeper into this before you ask us to write the conclusions. That's clearly something we intend to do down the road."
Burr and Warner would not comment on the investigation in the House, where the chairperson of the intelligence committee, Trump ally Devin Nunes, has been under fire over their handling of the matter.
Many Democrats, including Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel, called for Nunes to recuse themselves from the investigation after they met last week with an unidentified source at the White House complex, accusing them of colluding with the White House.
Before telling their committee colleagues, Nunes met with House Speaker Paul Ryan, and then Trump, and told reporters the source provided them with evidence that information on Trump's transition team had been collected during legal surveillance of other targets.
Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers have said the discord surrounding the House committee has made the Senate investigation more important than ever. "Clearly in the Senate, it appears that both Democrats and Republicans are acting like adults and taking this matter seriously," Democratic Representative Jim McGovern told Reuters.
'PAID INTERNET TROLLS'
Warner and Burr both stressed the importance of exposing the activity of Russian hackers, which Warner said included reports of "upwards of 1,000 paid Internet trolls" who spread false negative stories about Clinton.
Warner and Burr did disagree slightly, with Warner alluding to some difficulties getting particular documents from intelligence agencies, and Burr defending them.
The two senators also indicated they had communicated with Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, who was fired last month after misrepresenting meetings with the Russian ambassador.
"It would be safe to say we have had conversations with a lot of people and it would be safe to say General Flynn is a part of that list," Burr said.
Neither Burr nor Warner gave a timeline for finishing the investigation.
"This is one of the biggest investigations the Hill has seen in my time here," said Burr, who has been in Congress since 1995.
The senators said they also wanted to call attention to what they described as Russia's attempts to influence upcoming elections in France and Germany.
(Additional reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Bill Trott and Peter Cooney)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
AARHUS, Denmark The rapidly growing popularity of stand up paddleboarding (SUP) has led to an unlikely battle for control, with surfing and canoeing both claiming it as an off-shoot of their own sport against a backdrop of possible Olympic inclusion.
The International Surfing Association (ISA) has organised competitions for years in SUP, a sport where athletes stand on a board and move forward using a long paddle.
But the International Canoe Federation (ICF) says the use of the paddle automatically makes SUP, spreading quickly across the world's beaches, part of its organisation.
"Up until last year there was no interest from the ICF," ISA President Fernando Aguerre told reporters on Wednesday. "The interest arose when we were to bring SUP to the (2018) Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires."
"We have a track record of doing this. At the ICF now there is an interest of how they can be part of the popularity of the sport."
Surfing is one of five new sports to be included in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, and Aguerre said the ISA had unsuccessfully tried to include SUP in those Games as a surfing discipline.
ICF Secretary General Simon Toulson rejected Aguerre's comment about their organisation's recent arrival to the sport.
"The ICF has been involved in SUP for a number of years and did not start last year," Toulson told Reuters.
"Many of our federations have SUP recognised by their National Olympic Committees running national and international competitions."
"The reason it came to light was when ISA tried to get it into Tokyo and Buenos Aires the ICF objected stating that they were not the definite sport authority," Toulson said.
The two federations met with the International Olympic Committee a few months ago to iron out differences. But a solution has yet to be found and ISA's Aguerre said no new talks have been planned.
"ICF statutes state clearly that a person using a paddle as a main form of propulsion whilst on a craft in water is canoeing/paddling," Toulson said.
"We have met with ISA on several occasions in the last two years and offered compromises which have all been rejected. The issue is really which organisation is responsible at Olympic level and that is what the dispute is over."
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
COLOMBO, April 3 The Sri Lankan rupee ended slightly firmer in dull trade on Monday due to inward remittances and exporter dollar sales ahead of the festival season, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing at 152.40/45 per dollar, compared with Friday's close of 152.45/50.
"There was not much activity in the market. The seasonal importer demand has settled and most of the companies will be shut for the new year by the end of this week," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14, dealers said.
The central bank on March 27 raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70. It had raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20.
The central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months on March 24, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net sold government securities worth 950 million rupees ($6.26 million) in the week ended March 29, and they have net sold 64.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
A bottle of Ricard, aniseed-flavoured beverage, is pictured during a news conference to present the company's 2015-2016 half-year results in Paris, France, February 11, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
PARIS Pernod Ricard is raising the prices of its spirits and wines in Britain to protect margins against a slide in the pound stemming from the country's vote to leave the European Union.
The owner of Absolut vodka, Martell cognac and Mumm champagne told its British trading partners this month and made the announcement as Prime Minister Theresa May filed Britain's formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday.
"Brexit is a reality, especially today. We have let our trading partners know we are raising prices. It is being negotiated," Christian Porta, who manages Pernod Ricard's business in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America, said on an analysts call.
In slides released ahead of the presentation Pernod, the world's second-biggest spirits group behind Britain's Diageo, had said: "Brexit is leading to a strong pound depreciation, with inflation expected higher as a reaction. In that context, Pernod Ricard increased prices in March."
Imported brands account for 80 percent of Pernod's sales in Britain. Pernod derives 3 percent of group sales from Britain.
Porta declined to provide further details on the scope of the price increases, saying these were sensitive commercial information. Pernod is in negotiations with its British partners after alerting them to the increases and Porta said the company aims to have them in place April-May.
Inflation in Britain is rising quickly in response to the sharp fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote and a rise in global oil prices over the past year. Inflation jumped to 2.3 percent in February and the Bank of England predicts it will peak at 2.8 percent in the first half of next year, above its 2 percent target.
In October last year Anglo-Dutch company Unilever tried to raise the prices of its Marmite spread in Britain, prompting a stand-off with the country's largest supermarket, Tesco, which balked at the demand.
Pernod had previously reported that sales in Britain rose 7 percent in the first half of its 2016-17 fiscal year, with a 9 percent rise in international spirits sales and a 6 percent increase for wines more than offset a drop in champagne sales.
(Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and David Goodman)
São Paulo, April 3 Brazilian miner Vale SA said on Monday that 260,000 tonnes of fine iron ore on a South Korean ship that sank in the South Atlantic had been insured.
Vale said in an email that the cargo, which belonged to the Brazilian miner, was bound for China for storage and blending when the ship operated by South Korea's Polaris Shipping, Stellar Daisy, sank off Uruguay's coast.
Vale said the cargo had been stowed in accordance with international norms. (Reporting by Roberto Samora; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
HELSINKI (AP) " Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income, amounting to 560 euros ($587), in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape, reduce poverty and boost employment.
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1.
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month, with no reporting requirements on how they spend it. The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive.
The unemployment rate of Finland, a nation of 5.5 million, stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job " unchanged from the previous year.
(Updates to close)
May 3 Australian shares ended lower on Wednesday as financial and basic material stocks extended losses, brought down by softer metals prices and as caution about bank earnings and monetary policy weighed on sentiment.
Investors will also be looking out for the outcome of the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy meeting later in the day at which it is expected to stand pat on interest rates.
The S&P/ASX 200 index was 0.98 percent lower, or 58.065 points, at 5,892.3.
Losses were led by financial stocks as the "Big Four" banks lost between 1.7 percent and 2.8 percent after ANZ's half-year results miss in the previous session kept investors cautious ahead of National Australia Bank's half-year results due on Thursday.
The Reserve Bank of Australia held rates steady on Tuesday as it sought to balance the risk of rising household debt against subdued inflation and wages growth.
"As far as inflation's concerned, it's back in the band, so there are very little chances of a rate cut coming. It's more likely that next year there is going to be a rate rise," said Mathan Somasundaram, market portfolio strategist at Blue Ocean Equities.
In the context of such an outlook, Somasundaram says banks may find it hard to grow as households may exercise some frugality.
Basic material stocks also lost on weaker copper and iron ore prices and on disappointing factory output data from the United States and China.
BHP Billiton fell percent to its lowest in nearly six months, down 2.3 percent while Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals shed nearly 1 percent.
Telecom stock Vocus Group was the worst-performing index constituent, ending 27.2 percent lower after slashing its forecast for the 2017 financial year.
Consumer company Woolworths fell 2.7 percent, having had risen up to 2.5 percent in the previous session after recording strong quarterly sales figures but warned of a loss for its department store chain, Big W, in the second half.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index ended 0.22 percent lower, or 16.65 points, to finish the session at 7,405.84, snapping straight days of gains.
A 3.5 percent loss in the New Zealand shares of ANZ Bank weighed on the rest of the sector, while Sky Network was the biggest loser on the benchmark, down 3.7 percent. (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Sam Holmes)
MADRID Leicester left the Vicente Calderon stadium with a 1-0 defeat by Atletico Madrid but their chances of reaching the Champions League semi-finals were still intact on Wednesday.
The Spanish side outplayed the English champions in their quarter-final first leg but were only able to leave with Antoine Griezmann's penalty to their credit.
Leicester failed to register a single shot on Jan Oblak's goal in the entire game and only had 36 percent possession but manager Craig Shakespeare was content with their team's performance.
“We know it will be a very difficult return leg,” they told a news conference.
“We have a very good home record at the King Power. Our fans enjoy these Champions League nights. “We need to create more chances. We need to attack more than we did tonight, but we are aware of what we have to do in the second leg.”
Leicester were beaten 2-1 away at Sevilla in the first leg of their last-16 tie but earned a 2-0 victory in the second leg to progress 3-2 on aggregate. Atletico coach Diego Simeone recognised the difficulties of playing at the King Power and said they expect a raucous atmosphere in Leicester.
“In England we expect a fantastic football night," they said.(We're ready for) a great atmosphere and a stadium with the fans on top of you. We expect a pure football night.
“Leicester knew what they wanted (here) and didn't change the way they played.”
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy completed just one pass during the game as the visitors focused on keeping Atletico at bay rather than trying to create any opportunities themselves.
On one of the rare occasions they did move forward the hosts made them pay, with Griezmann breaking at speed and being brought down in the area by Marc Albrighton.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
TORONTO, April 10 Canada's main stock index fell on Monday as financial and gold mining shares lost ground, offsetting gains for the energy group as oil prices rose.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 8.23 points, or 0.05 percent, at 15,658.90, shortly after the open. Five of the index's 10 main groups were lower. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 2 Arsenal twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday, with under-pressure coach Arsene Wenger praising their side's mental toughness as they avoided another collapse.
Arsenal headed into the game having beaten just Hull City and lower league sides Sutton United and Lincoln City since the end of January, against a backdrop of fan unrest over the side's form and the unresolved issue of Wenger's future.
The players' character has been questioned in recent weeks, notably after one-sided defeats by Bayern Munich, and their nerves were evident early on as Leroy Sané capitalised on Arsenal's disorganised defensive unit to fire City ahead in the fifth minute.
"We started very nervously," Wenger acknowledged to Sky Sports. "We had a refusal to lose the game, we were ready for a fight.
"The test was mental. We had to come back after halftime and we got a point after a time that has been so stressful for us," they added. "It was a strong performance on the mental front.
"Technically we can do better."
Despite Wenger's praise, there were familiar signs of petulance and uncertainty from Arsenal's players, with goalscorer Walcott trudging off unhappily after being substituted, and Mesut Ozil guilty of pulling out of a 50-50 challenge with Willy Caballero when through on goal.
Like Wenger, Danny Welbeck praised their teammates' character in fighting back, but conceded that there was room for improvement as Arsenal look to salvage a testing campaign.
"We showed character but we have to look at how we conceded goals today," the forward added. "At this point of the season we know it is not good enough. We want to be further up the league and we have dropped two more points.
"Both teams want possession and have lots of attacking players, it was a good game for the neutrals. We wanted three points."
Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott, before Shkodran Mustafi's second-half header cancelled out Sergio Aguero's strike, but the point leaves the Londoners in sixth on 51 points, seven behind City who currently occupy the final Champions League qualifying berth. (Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Clare Lovell)
April 3 Trillium Therapeutics Inc:
* Trillium Therapeutics presents TTI-621 preclinical data at AACR annual meeting and provides clinical update
* Trillium Therapeutics-currently enrolling patients in expansion phase of ongoing phase 1 trial of tti-621, in patients with multiple Hematologic malignancies
* Trillium therapeutics inc - to date, 33 evaluable patients have been enrolled into expansion phase of tti-621 trial Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
A veterinarian analyses a piece of meat collected by Public Health Surveillance agents during an inspection of supermarkets, at a veterinary laboratory with the public health department in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
RIO DE JANEIRO Brazil ordered three more food processing plants to suspend production on Monday amid an investigation into alleged corruption in its meat industry as the world's biggest beef exporter sought to regain the trust of consumers.
Brazil's center-right government is hoping countries that imposed bans on Brazilian meat products because of the scandal will soon follow China's lead in lifting them, and that others such as the European Union will not impose tougher restrictions.
The top EU food safety official began a visit saying they wanted to help Brazil overcome the scandal and recover the confidence of European consumers, following the police investigation alleging the payment of bribes to inspectors and unsanitary conditions at meat plants.
The investigation has hit hard at one of the few strong sectors in Brazil's economy, which is experiencing its worst recession on record.
"It's not about bans. It's about restoring trust," EU Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Vytenis Andriukaitis told Reuters. "It's about people's health. It's about trust in trade."
The European Union has maintained a partial ban on products from the 21 meatpacking plants under investigation, which are currently barred from exporting.
European farm groups have called for tougher action against Brazilian meat.
Andriukaitis declined to say what measures the EU might take in coming days, but said they would discuss an "effective official controls system" with Brazilian Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi in Brasilia on Tuesday.
"People need to perceive food is safe," they said in an interview.
Brazil has so far ordered the temporary closure of six of the 21 food processing plants under investigation by the police and health authorities. The other 15 plants are not allowed to export, although they may still produce for the domestic market.
All three plants ordered closed on Monday are in Parana state, where the scandal has been centered. They include units of Souza Ramos, Industria de Laticinios SSPMA and Fabrica de Farinha de Carnes Castro.
Several major meat importers issued bans after Brazilian federal police unveiled their investigation on March 17, code-named "Operation Weak Flesh."
CONFIDENCE UNDERMINED
Maggi said investigators had not found any products that could harm the health of consumers. They acknowledged at a news conference that Brazil faced an uphill battle to recover its market share after confidence in its meat was undermined by the scandal.
On Saturday, China, the biggest buyer of Brazilian meats, lifted import suspensions, a move accompanied by Egypt and Chile, bringing hope of an end to the crisis.
Maggi said they hoped to convince Hong Kong, Brazil's No. 2 market, to follow China and lift its full ban on Brazilian meat imports.
Meat is Brazil's third biggest export after soy and iron ore, with foreign sales of almost $14 billion last year in beef, chicken, pork and other products.
The meat scandal has fueled pressure from farm groups in the United States to block imports of Brazilian raw beef, a market that Brazil only gained access to last year for its fresh meat, an important seal of approval that is now at risk.
The United States has already started testing all beef from Brazil for pathogens.
(Additional reporting by Anthony Boadle in Brasilia; Writing by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Peter Cooney)
A Star Trek stamp, part of a set of seven issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
A Star Trek stamp, part of a set of seven issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
A Star Trek stamp, part of a set of seven issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
A Star Trek stamp, part of a set of seven issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
A set of Star Trek stamps issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
A set of Star Trek stamps issued by Canada Post, is pictured in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters April 28, 2017. Canada Post/Handout via REUTERS
TORONTO "Star Trek" fans can now get Starfleet's most famous figures to help deliver their mail, thanks to a new collection of seven stamps issued on Friday by Canada Post, the country's mail operator.
The stamps, a followup to a set released last year for the science-fiction franchise's 50th anniversary, include the captains from each of the five "Star Trek" television series already aired. They are depicted alongside a key nemesis from the series.
The sixth stamp is of the Galileo shuttle craft, which first appeared in the original series in 1966. A holographic foil stamp in the shape of a "Borg" cube is the seventh in the collection.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
March 31 Mulpha International Bhd:
* One&Only Hayman Island has incurred significant damage on 28 March 2017 as a result of wind and water damage from Cyclone Debbie
* "Confirm that all guests and staff on the island are safe with no injuries sustained"
* The resort will be closed while reinstatement works are undertaken
* Final timing of the resort's re-opening to be confirmed once the extent of damage and rectification are clearly known Source text: (bit.ly/2mUxS5X) Further company coverage:
April 12 Berjaya Assets Bhd:
* Unit acquired total of 18.00 million ordinary shares representing 1.62% equity interest in 7-eleven malaysia from berjaya retail
* Deal for a total cash consideration of 27.00 million rgt or at 1.50 rgt per sem share
* The acquisition is not expected to have any material impact on the group for the current financial year ending 30 june 2017 Source :(bit.ly/2p7lsoB) Further company coverage:
* Strong U.S. wage growth boosts inflation expectations
* Euro zone yields follow U.S. Treasury yields higher
* German Bund yields highest since Sep 2015 (Updates prices, adds Viceroy)
By Fanny Potkin
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone bond yields extended their rise on Friday after U.S. payroll data indicated that annual wage growth in the world's biggest economy was the strongest since 2009.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years and bolstering expectations that inflation will rise this year as the labour market hits full employment.
“It was an extremely strong report,” said John Vail, chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management.
“The wage data, especially, is negative for bonds because it shows there is greater inflation on the horizon.”
Germany's 10-year government bond yield, the benchmark for the euro zone, hit a day's high of 0.768 percent, up 4 basis points (bps) on the day, before edging back to 0.757 percent in late trades..
The British 10-year government bond yield jumped to 1.609 percent after the data, its highest since May 2016, up 7 bps on the day, as March gilt futures extended losses.
Meanwhile, the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield rose to 2.854 percent, its highest in four years.
“There's definitely a correlation between U.S. and European bonds but it's also important to remember the two regions have completely different dynamics,” said Mizuho strategist Antoine Bouvet.
“We expect that eventually U.S. Treasuries will underperform Bunds, and the spread between the two will widen further.”
The gap between U.S. and German 10-year government bond yields, the “transatlantic spread”, widened a touch after the payroll data to 207 bps from 205 bps before, and is close to some of the widest historical levels.
German Bund futures briefly dropped below a cash price of 158.00 for the first time since December 2015, before rising back up to 158.10; still down 51 ticks on the day.
Elsewhere, French central bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Friday the European Central Bank was normalising policy and whether it ended asset purchases in September or wound them down gradually was not an “existential” issue. (Reporting by Fanny Potkin, Additional reporting by David Milliken and Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan and Mark Potter)
(Adds Busch and Grupo Mexico )
March 29 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
** Exxon Mobil has agreed to sell its operated upstream business in Norway to private equity firm HitecVision and oil company Point Resources for an undisclosed sum, it said.
** Greece has agreed that its main power utility, Public Power Corp (PPC), will sell some coal-fired plants as part of bailout reforms, two sources close to the talks said.
** French drugmaker Sanofi has hired advisers for the sale of its European generic drug business, several sources familiar with matter told Reuters, ahead of an auction process which is expected to start after the European summer.
** Chinese property developer and hotel operator Goldin Properties Holdings Ltd said Chairman Pan Sutong had offered about $1.5 billion to buy its outstanding shares and delist the company.
** Japan's government named six investment banks to serve as underwriters for the sale of additional shares in Japan Post Holdings Co, which is partly aimed at funding the rebuilding of areas hit by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
** Brokerage Cowen Group Inc's shares surged 19 percent on Wednesday after Chinese conglomerate CEFC China said it agreed to acquire a stake of about 20 percent in the U.S. company for $100 million.
** An attempted merger between the German and British stock exchanges was struck down by European regulators, formally ending a deal that unravelled in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
** Russia's Sberbank hopes to complete the sale of its Ukrainian subsidiary in May or June, a source with the bank said.
** The chairperson of Indian miner Vedanta Resources said they had no plans to buy assets in South Africa from Anglo American or push for a board seat after announcing plans to buy a 13 percent stake in the mining giant.
** Finland's Amer Sports, which makes Wilson tennis rackets and Salomon skis, will buy U.S. ski maker Armada for $4.1 million, the company said.
** Australian retail group Premier Investments Ltd said it had purchased a 10.8 percent stake in department store owner Myer Holdings Ltd, but added it had no plans to make a takeover offer at this time.
** U.S. private equity group TPG Capital is weighing whether to make a takeover offer for Australia's Fairfax Media Ltd as the target proceeds with plans to spin off its real estate classified advertising arm, The Australian Financial Review reported.
** Euronet Worldwide Inc ramped up its fight against China's Ant Financial Services Group in trying to acquire MoneyGram International Inc, urging the U.S. government to closely scrutinize the rival Chinese bid saying it raises "significant national security risks."
** U.S. private equity firm KKR & Co LP is preparing a potential consortium bid for Australia's Quintis Ltd backed by the sandalwood plantation group's managing director, a source said.
** Family-owned German vacuum pump maker Busch hopes its increased offer for rival Pfeiffer Vacuum will allow it to start constructive talks with management after a previous attempt was rebuffed. (Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Qatar National Bank sees no big deposit outflows
DUBAI, June 14 Qatar National Bank (QNB), the largest bank in the Middle East and Africa, has seen no significant outflows of deposits since a diplomatic rift started between Qatar and certain other Arab countries, it said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 6 Allstate Corp:
* Says Allstate Insurance is set to use drones for assessment of property damage claims across four states
* Says fleet of drones will be at ready in Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas to help respond after any storms this spring Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON It's not banking or mining shares, but rather technology stocks, that have come up trumps in Europe this year and are poised to end the first quarter as the best-performing sector.
European tech companies often pale in comparison to the glamor of peers across the pond such as Facebook (FB.O), Snap Inc (SNAP.N) and Amazon (AMZN.O), and are dwarfed in terms of market value. The U.S. sector, at $4.3 trillion, is worth more than eight times Europe's.
Investors, however, have been quietly buying into a European industry they see as being at the heart of disruptive digital developments across a slew of sectors.
Tech stocks .SX8P in Europe have risen nearly 12 percent in the first quarter, outstripping the broader market , which is up 4.8 percent, and also their performance in the first three months of last year when they fell 5.4 percent.
Driverless cars, iris-scanning technology and augmented reality are just a handful of the themes at play globally in which European companies such as STMicroelectronics (STM.MI), Infineon Technologies IFXG.BU and SAP (SAPG.DE) are involved.
Many European software firms are involved in corporate back-offices, keeping systems efficient and running - a less headline-grabbing side of the tech sector but one that can be important for companies across all industries looking to cut costs.
"Every consumer is exposed to Google, or Facebook, or Twitter ... something like SAP, which actually is in most corporations, is less visible to the end consumer," said Marcus Morris-Eyton, European equities portfolio manager at Allianz Global Investors. Tech now accounts for nearly a quarter of Morris-Eyton's portfolio, and SAP is their biggest position.
AUTOMATION
The mining sector was the standout performer in Europe over the course of 2016, gaining 61.9 percent, followed by oil stocks which rose 22.9 percent - far ahead of technology firm shares which were up 3.4 percent.
Banking stocks endured a turbulent first half, dragged down by problems in the Italian sector, but after hitting a low in July they rallied almost 47 percent to the end of the year.
These trends were expected to continue into 2017, but so far banks are only up 4.6 percent in the first quarter, miners are up 6.2 percent and oil stocks are down more than 3 percent.
Like many sectors, the commodities and financial industries have since last week been hit by investor concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump may not be able to deliver on all their tax and infrastructure pledges, after their healthcare plans were blocked.
Tech is less exposed to immediate political and economic developments, according to analysts, and are more governed by long-term global trends in technologies such as automation, driverless cars and augmented reality.
"(In tech) there's always this level of innovation that keeps people engaged and keeps people investing for those opportunities almost irrespective of the economic cycle," said Steve Sherman, senior portfolio manager at BNP Paribas.
Flows into tech have been strong globally, with tech sector-focused funds seeing the biggest inflows year-to-date since 2009, according to data from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Likewise Europe-listed robotics and automation exchange-traded fund (ETF) ROBO .ROBOT hit a new record high last week and saw record monthly inflows in February of $80.6 million. ABB (ABBN.S) and Krones (KRNG.DE) are among its top 10 holdings.
TIME OF FLIGHT
The move toward digitization across industries has market participants particularly excited.
Morgan Stanley analysts highlighted SAP's S/4 HANA enterprise cloud software which helps integrate data and applications, and also its new product line for the "internet of things" (IOT) - where everyday objects are connected to networks to send and receive data.
At Evenlode, one of Britain's best-performing investment funds last year, portfolio manager Hugh Yarrow holds stocks such as Sage (SGE.L) and Relx (REL.L) whose digital analytics are being increasingly used in law, accountancy and finance.
In more traditional sectors of tech, chipmakers such as Infineon IFXG.BU, STMicroelectronics (STM.MI) and ASML (ASML.AS) are closely linked to Apple (AAPL.O) and the iPhone cycle. Infineon shares have surged to a record high.
Stuart Mitchell, manager of the SWMC European Fund at S.W. Mitchell, is betting big on STMicro. The stock, up 33 percent this year, is the fund's biggest holding.
Mitchell said that they became interested in the stock when its share price fell after its loss-making set-top boxes business went belly up last year.
They reckon STMicro's role in the auto industry with its car chip business and time of flight (TOF) technology - which is used in sensors - means it will surprise with its quick growth.
Neil Campling, global head of TMT Research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, said they expected opportunities in areas such as semiconductors, automated vehicles, sensors and virtual and augmented reality.
"The tech industry in Europe may not be as big in terms of revenue ... as the U.S. is, but it has a critical role to play in basically what is, without doubt, a digital revolution that is global in nature," they said.
(Reporting by Kit Rees; Additional reporting and editing by Vikram Subhedar; Editing by Pravin Char)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
BERLIN Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), which is in the midst of an 8 billion euro ($8.5 billion) capital increase, is currently not thinking about mergers, Chief Executive John Cryan said.
"We have other things to do," Cryan told a banking conference in Berlin on Thursday.
Deutsche Bank and German peer Commerzbank (CBKG.DE) held talks on a potential combination last summer but shelved the project soon as both want to finish restructuring before indulging in merger talks.
As part of its own revamp, Deutsche Bank is tapping shareholders for cash, with the subscription period for new shares ending on Thursday.
According to people close to the matter, 75-80 percent of existing shareholders are buying the new shares on offer, while the rest are selling their subscription rights.
As subscription rights DBKG_r.DE are tradable and have a value on their own, the take-up in German rights issues is generally close to 100 percent.
Some large shareholders such as China's HNA have hiked their stake.
(Reporting by Klaus Lauer and Gernot Heller; Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze and Alexander Hübner; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
March 31 Texas Roadhouse Inc agreed to pay $12 million to settle U.S. claims that the steakhouse chain refused to hire people age 40 and over to work as hosts, servers and bartenders.
A consent decree resolving the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's lawsuit against the Louisville, Kentucky-based chain was filed on Friday with the U.S. District Court in Boston.
It resolves claims that Texas Roadhouse violated federal laws against age discrimination by making it "standard operating procedure" to reject older applicants for customer-facing, "front-of-the-house" jobs.
The EEOC said this included an emphasis at training meetings at its headquarters on hiring "young, fun, cute, and bubbly people" to promote Texas Roadhouse's culture and image.
Payouts will go to older job applicants who were wrongfully turned away between 2007 and 2014.
Texas Roadhouse has more than 520 restaurants in 49 U.S. states and six foreign countries, according to its website.
The company denied wrongdoing in agreeing to settle the lawsuit, which began in September 2011.
A nearly four-week trial ended last month with a hung jury, and a retrial had been scheduled for May 15.
Texas Roadhouse did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The consent decree lasts for 3-1/2 years, requires increased recruitment and hiring of older applicants, the appointment of a diversity director and a monitor to oversee compliance with the decree, and better training.
It was signed by Texas Roadhouse's general counsel, and approved on Friday by U.S. District Judge Denise Casper.
The case is EEOC v Texas Roadhouse Inc et al, U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts, No. 11-11732. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
The U.S. Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged on Wednesday but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June.
KEY POINTS:
* FOMC says consumer spending solid, business investment firm and inflation "running close" to target
* FOMC sees first-quarter softness (advance Q1 GDP +0.7 pct) as "transitory"
* No details on balance sheet wind down
COMMENTS:
LOU BRIEN, MARKET STRATEGIST, DRW TRADING, CHICAGO:
"They acknowledged in the first paragraph assessment of the economy that economic activity slowed and core inflation declined, but not to worry about the Fed continuing on its appointed rounds because they figure these things will be transitory and that gradual rate hikes will be the expected path forward.
"The Fed doesn't need the economy to excel from where it is now in order to raise rates further, as long as we've already got an unemployment rate quite low and inflation not far from their target and deflation certainly not a front burner issue. So they want to move the rate higher than where it is given the current conditions, and I don't think they want to take that anticipation off the table just because we've had some slowing data."
OMER ESINER, CHIEF MARKET ANALYST, COMMONWEALTH FOREIGN EXCHANGE, WASHINGTON:
"The market is encouraged by the fact that the Fed sees the slowdown in Q1 as likely to be transitory. I think that signals that the Fed is looking past some of the soft data as likely being either weather related or seasonal or consistent with the trend that we've seen over the years of a surprisingly weak first quarter and typically an improvement in the economy in subsequent quarters.
"That signals that the medium- to long-term outlook for the economy remains positive. It suggests that the trend of improving growth is likely still intact and as a result it means that we'll probably see a Fed rate hike in June and probably again in September. It leaves the outlook for monetary policy largely unchanged, I think, given that they can see past some of this initial weakness.
"With respect to the balance sheet, it was initially a little disappointing that we didn't see any discussion about unwinding the balance sheet, but I think that'll be left until later this year and in all honesty I don't think there were many investors who were expecting much of a debate or discussion on the balance sheet, but we'll have to wait until the minutes come out to see that."
HEIDI LEARNER, CHIEF ECONOMIST, SAVILLS STUDLEY, NEW YORK:
"They specifically said they view the slowing of growth in the first quarter as likely to be transitory. They went out of their way to emphasize this is not something they see persisting and pretty much says to me that their two rate hikes are still on the table for the balance of the year.
"To me if there was any concern about the two rate hikes it's not merited by virtue of the statement here."
RYAN SWEET, SENIOR ECONOMIST, MOODY'S ANALYTICS, WEST CHESTER, PENNSYLVANIA:
"They were not explicit about a June rate hike, but that's the right approach. The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes. The next time they will likely raise rates would be June. They are looking past the weak first quarter GDP but the job market hanged in there. The Fed is concerned the economy will blow past full employment and cause wage growth to accelerate.
"Fed funds futures are showing traders are looking at about a 65-70 percent chance of a rate hike (in June). Those odds are in line with their view. They didn't need to use this statement to signal they need to raise rates in June."
TOM PORCELLI, CHIEF U.S. ECONOMIST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, NEW YORK:
"It was a pure marking-to-market of things that were. The soft GDP report, them acknowledging that it's transitory, ie. it's not something that they're concerned with. There's not much to really sink your teeth into here."
MARKET REACTION:
STOCKS: Stocks pare losses. The S&P 500 .SPX last down 0.23 pct
BONDS: Most U.S. Treasury yields higher, 2s US2YT=RR last at 1.30 pct; 10s US10YT=RR at 2.31 pct; 2-10 spread flattens to near 101 basis points
FOREX: The U.S. dollar ticks higher against the euro EUR= and yen JPY=
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 WhatsApp suffered a widespread global outage on Wednesday and was working to fix it as soon as possible, the Facebook Inc messaging service said.
A spokesperson confirmed the outage in an email, but did not specify the regions affected.
WhatsApp was down in parts of India, Canada, the United States and Brazil, according to Reuters journalists, on Apple Inc's iOS operating system, Alphabet Inc's Android, and Microsoft Corp's Windows mobile OS.
WhatsApp's website was functioning normally.
WhatsApp status, a Snapchat-like photo-sharing feature, has more than 175 million daily active users, Facebook said on its earnings conference call earlier on Wednesday. (Reporting by Sangameswaran S and Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru, additional reporting by David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Crystal Palace could achieve a major upset against Chelsea but only if they make the most of their chances, manager Sam Allardyce said ahead of their match with the Premier League leaders at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Palace, 16th in the table, have won three consecutive league games, with a clean sheet in all of them, for the first time this season to go four points above the relegation zone.
"It's going to be a difficult task, but not impossible. If we get a chance we have to take it," Allardyce told reporters on Friday. "It's a game for us to try to get a point in - or three."
Allardyce also said that Palace would need to further improve their current form as they still have to face each of the current top six teams with 10 games left.
"Ours is the most difficult run-in in the bottom 7, looking at it on paper. We've got to be better than we've been in the last three," the former England manager added.
Crystal Palace's 2-1 over Chelsea in 2015 is their only one win at Stamford Bridge in the past 20 years.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TDM Bhd:
* MOHAMAT BIN MUDA RE-DESIGNATED FROM GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR TO GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE‍​ Source text for Eikon: [bit.ly/2GG1El8] Further company coverage:
CIA Landlord Insurance have created a tool for homeowners, renters and landlords that allows them to see local property and crime rate statistics.
Media Contact
Sam Austen
sam.austen@assisted.co.uk Sam Austen
End
-- Information on your local area is now easy to obtain and understand thanks to a new tool by CIA Landlord Insurance. The local area statistics calculator provides up to date information on the average property prices and crime rates in your area. Gathered using the Police and Land Registry APIs, the information provided includes a breakdown of the values of different property types and a list of the most common criminal offences. It accounts for real time updates as well, allowing you to compare differences in average prices and crime rates over days, months and years.Using your I.P. address or a manually entered postcode, the calculator can find information for any area of Great Britain. This allows you to search for information on your area, neighbouring areas and locations further afield, that you may be looking to relocate to. The information shown then allows you to make informed decisions about whether areas you are moving to are safe, over or under priced or unnecessarily expensive or cheap, depending on the crime to property value ratios.The calculator can be found on the CIA website ( https://www.cia- landlords.co.uk/ local-property- stats/ ) and is free to use for all.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 HCA Holdings Inc-
* HCA reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $1.74
* Q1 revenue $10.62 billion versus i/b/e/s view $10.76 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.76 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly same facility equivalent admissions increased 1.6 percent, while same facility admissions increased 1.2 percent
* HCA Holdings Inc sees 2017 revenues $43.0 to $44.0 billion
* Qtrly same facility revenue per equivalent admission increased 1.7 percent
* HCA Holdings Inc sees fy 2017 capital expenditures approximately $2.9 billion
* HCA Holdings Inc sees 2017 eps (diluted) $ 7.20 to $7.60 per diluted share
* HCA Holdings Inc sees 2017 capital expenditures approximately $2.9 billion
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $7.35, revenue view $43.27 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* HCA Holdings Inc - 2017 guidance includes full-year earnings for company's oklahoma facilities which are under agreement to be sold.
* HCA Holdings Inc - 2017 guidance for eps (diluted) includes an estimated $150 million income tax benefit, or $0.40 per diluted share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
* Polish, Hungarian bond yields near multi-month lows on Trump * Trump comments on lower rates help currencies firm * Czechs buck rise on uncertainty over mountain of crown longs * Hungarian bond auction seen drawing strong demand By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, April 13 Czech markets bucked a strengthening of Central European currencies and debt on Thursday, weighed down by a huge amount of outstanding speculative long Czech crown positions. Other regional markets firmed after U.S. President Donald Trump signalled that they wanted interest rates to stay low and the dollar weaker. The forint and the zloty firmed slightly against the euro. But the crown continued to retreat. Trading at 26.74, it was weaker by 0.1 percent, one week after the Czech central bank removed its cap which had kept the currency weaker than 27 since 2013. It is still stronger than the cap, buoyed by the strength of the Czech economy, but is held back by the long positions worth tens of billion euros, which investors had built, betting for a crown surge. Raiffeisen analysts said any crown appreciation over the coming weeks could be sluggish. "This hinges largely on the high speculative capital inflow we had seen prior to the abandoning that makes a closing of CZK positions in a comparably small Czech FX market difficult," they said in a note. One Prague trader said: "I would not want to be in (the long-crown) people's skin right now. One loses nerve, then a second and a third and there could be quite a mess." Czech short- and medium-term government debt yields rose, with 2-year papers bid at zero, up 8 basis points. Polish and Hungarian debt yields, meanwhile, fell 1-3 basis points, trading near multi-month lows. Poland's 10-year yield, at 3.407 percent, was the lowest since November. With yields dropping in international markets on Trump's comments, Hungary could sell bonds at its auction below secondary market yields. The government may lift its 45 billion forints ($153.50 million) offer, one Budapest-based fixed income trader said. "Also, some primary dealers may be in shorts, after a rise in foreign investors' bond holdings in the past month," the trader said, adding though that Trump's comments do not end uncertainty over global interest rate trends. Romania will also tender 5-year bonds on Thursday, and the Czech Republic offers 115-day Treasury bills. The leu and some Romanian government bonds eased slightly. Romania and the Czech Republic revealed plans on Wednesday to further loosen their budgets. Czech lawmakers, preparing for elections this year, approved speeding up pension increases. Romania's ruling leftists plan a new taxation system from 2018 which would further lower taxes even though investors are already concerned over the looseness of the budget. CEE SNAPS AT 1005 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.74 26.70 -0.13 1.00% 00 65 % Hungary 312.3 312.3 +0.0 -1.12 forint 300 950 2% % Polish 4.243 4.246 +0.0 3.78% zloty 5 8 8% Romanian 4.519 4.517 -0.03 0.35% leu 0 8 % Croatian 7.438 7.438 +0.0 1.57% kuna 0 5 1% Serbian 123.5 123.6 +0.0 -0.19 dinar 900 950 8% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 976.8 983.6 -0.69 +6.0 7 1 % 0% Budapest 32478 32409 +0.2 +1.4 .07 .94 1% 8% Warsaw 2220. 2214. +0.2 +13. 37 06 8% 99% Bucharest 8232. 8217. +0.1 +16. 77 83 8% 20% Ljubljana 777.0 779.4 -0.31 +8.2 3 1 % 8% Zagreb 1898. 1903. -0.25 -4.82 60 28 % % Belgrade 3 8 % 4% Sofia 656.0 656.5 -0.09 +11. 2 9 % 87% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year bps ps 5-year bps s 10-year 9 bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year 3 bps 10-year 7 bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.31 0.32 0.41 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.21 0.27 0.34 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.75 1.77 1.83 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ ($1 = 293.1600 forints) (Aditional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague)
Alex ‘A.D.' Davis came to Las Vegas in 2014 by way of Ohio. The cultured midwesterner obtained their Bachelors & Masters degrees in Media &... More from A.D.
SEOUL, April 10 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0724 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL April 10 *-54.0 -4.5 6.5 ^April 7 -77.9 103.1 10.4 April 6 -90.5 -117.9 168.3 April 5 -7.6 -167.2 128 April 4 -101.6 -123.5 179.4 April 3 -22.0 31.2 -59.3 March 31 25.7 32.9 -111.0 March 30 89.4 -169.2 65.6 March 29 -61.8 -26.4 36.8 March 28 20.7 -81.8 1.9 March 27 36.4 -104.7 16.7 March 24 -89.1 220.7 -186.8 March 23 52.6 18.2 -128.4 March 22 -96.2 -116.9 181.3 March 21 362.7 -189.9 -234.8 5 Month to date -353.7 -278.7 433.3 Year to date 5,098.8 -5.226.6 -2,253.0 * Foreign investors have been net sellers for six consecutive sessions, bringing their sales for the period to a net 353.6 billion won ($309.85 million) worth. ^ April 7 figures revised. ($1 = 1,141.1900 won) (Reporting by Jeongeun Lee)
March 29 Avesoro Resources Inc:
* Avesoro Resources Inc - gold production guidance for 2017 of 90,000 - 100,000 ounces at a cash cost of US$750 - US$800 per ounce
* Avesoro Resources Inc - US$5 million near mine exploration programme set to commence in H2 2017
* Avesoro Resources Inc - anticipated that gold production for Q1 2017 will be lower than that achieved in Q4 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
White House aides including Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (L), senior advisors Jared Kushner (C) and Kellyanne Conway arrive with Vice President Mike Pence (R) prior to a joint news conference between Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
FILE PHOTO: Passers-by walk near the office building at 666 Fifth Avenue in New York December 7, 2006. REUTERS/Keith Bedford
The headquarters building of Anbang Insurance Group are pictured in Beijing, China, August 25, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee
NEW YORK Kushner Companies, the real estate firm headed by President Donald Trump's son-in-law until recently, said on Wednesday it ended talks to redevelop its flagship New York office tower with China's Anbang Insurance Group [ANBANG.UL].
Talks had centered on Anbang providing as much as half of $2.5 billion in equity for the planned redevelopment of 666 Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, a media report said last week.
The failed talks are the latest twist in a story that initially involved Jared Kushner, who is married to Trump's daughter Ivanka, before they sold their interest in Kushner Cos to a family trust at the beginning of the year.
Three Democratic lawmakers questioned the White House earlier this month over its handling of potential conflicts of interest by Kushner, given their role as a top adviser to Trump.
"Kushner Companies is no longer in discussions with Anbang about 666 Fifth Avenue's potential redevelopment, and our firms have mutually agreed to end talks regarding the property," a spokesperson said in a statement.
An Anbang representative declined to comment.
The Kushner spokesperson said advanced talks are ongoing with other investors to redevelop the 39-story building, valued for its proximity to St. Patrick's Cathedral and Rockefeller Center.
Any plan could be hampered by the cost of buying out tenants with long-term leases or Spanish retailer Zara's store on the corner of 52nd Street.
Zara is controlled by Amancio Ortega, the world's fourth-richest man according to Forbes magazine, who has no intention to sell, said a broker who represented the billionaire when one of their companies paid $324 million for the locale in 2011.
"He never sells, they have rarely sold anything in their portfolio and this is particularly valuable for them," said Borja Sierra, a broker for Savills Plc (SVS.L) when asked about Ortega's plans for the prime real estate.
"They're super happy with the property," Sierra told Reuters when reached in Barcelona. "It's not a negotiating position."
Some tenants in the office portion of the building have more than 10 years left on their leases, and getting them to leave is unlikely to be cheap.
A case study of Kushner's purchase in 2006 of 666 Fifth Avenue by Columbia University's Center for Urban Real Estate said it cost $47 million to buy out former occupants Brooks Brothers and almost $12 million to buy out Hickey Freeman.
The study said it took four years to buy out the National Basketball Association from its space in the building.
Any deal must also be agreed to by Vornado Realty Trust, which owns the remaining store frontage and 49.5 percent of the building's office portion.
The Kushner plan calls for stripping the building down to its steel columns and adding about 40 floors, the Wall Street Journal reported last week. The project was designed by Zaha Hadid, a Pritzker Prize award winner for architecture, before they died last year.
News of Kushner and Anbang ending talks was first reported by the New York Post.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash, additional reporting by Joy Wiltermuth of IFR; Editing by Phil Berlowitz, Daniel Bases and Matthew Lewis)
A makeshift memorial is created near the North Park Elementary School following a classroom shooting on Monday in San Bernardino, California, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Olga Grigoryants
People visit a makeshift memorial created near the North Park Elementary School following a classroom shooting on Monday in San Bernardino, California, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Olga Grigoryants
A makeshift memorial is created near the North Park Elementary School following a classroom shooting on Monday in San Bernardino, California, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Olga Grigoryants
A woman pays respect at a makeshift memorial created near the North Park Elementary School following a classroom shooting on Monday in San Bernardino, California, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Olga Grigoryants
Joane Moore drops off flowers at a makeshift memorial created near the North Park Elementary School following a classroom shooting on Monday in San Bernardino, California, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Olga Grigoryants
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. Relatives of a school teacher shot dead by their husband in a San Bernardino, California, classroom have told investigators the slaying capped a brief, turbulent marriage and breakup marked by accusations of infidelity and threats, police said on Tuesday.
Police also revealed that surveillance video showed the shooter initially had tried to get into the school through a locked door, forcing them to gain entry instead by way of the front office, where they signed in and was allowed free access to the classroom by staff who recognised him.
School employees, however, were apparently unaware of the marital discord believed to have led the gunman, an unemployed former pastor and maintenance worker, to fatally shoot their estranged wife, Karen Elaine Smith, and an 8-year-old student in front of their class before reloading their revolver and killing himself.
The slain student and another boy hit by gunfire happened to be just behind Smith and were believed to be unintentional victims. The second child, aged 9, though badly wounded, was expected to survive. They remained hospitalized on Tuesday.
Later on Tuesday, the Mexican government confirmed in a statement that the deceased student was a Mexican national and that it "profoundly laments" their killing.
The shooting at North Park Elementary, the latest of dozens of U.S. schools traumatized by armed intruders in recent years, reopened debate about what educators can do to safeguard students against mounting gun violence.
It was especially wrenching for San Bernardino, the "Inland Empire" town about 65 miles east of Los Angeles where a shooting rampage 15 months ago left 14 people dead and more than 20 wounded at an office holiday party.
Unlike the 2015 massacre, carried out by a radicalized Muslim couple in what authorities described as an act of terrorism, police said the latest shooting stemmed from a domestic dispute between the suspect and their wife.
BRIEF, STORMY MARRIAGE
Monday's gunman was identified as 53-year-old Cedric Anderson of nearby Riverside, who according to police had a criminal record that included four past arrests, most recently in 2013 on assault and weapons charges. But they were never convicted, Police Chief Jarrod Burguan told reporters on Tuesday.
Burguan said it was unclear whether that arrest had anything to do with Anderson's wife, also 53.
The couple had known each other for more than four years and were married in January. But Smith moved out of their home in mid-March amid domestic strife, Burguan said.
According to interviews with their family, Anderson had accused their wife of infidelity, the chief said. They said Smith also had confided to relatives that they were concerned about their "odd" behaviour and that "he had made some threats toward her."
Burguan did not elaborate except to say there was no "specific threat to shoot her."
"It appears that they had been making efforts to contact them and have them come back home, and they were resistant to that. And I don't know if that just reached the boiling point or what it was. Nor do we know exactly why they chose to do this at the school," the chief said.
Burguan said Anderson, who had shown their identification to school employees in the front office before being allowed in to their class unescorted, kept their weapon concealed until opening fire without saying a word.
Fifteen special-needs students and two adult teacher assistants were in the classroom with Smith during the attack, in which 10 shots were fired, police said.
No suicide note as such was found. But detectives turned up a handwritten letter at Anderson's home in which they wrote about "the relationship and fixing things, and it also made reference to feeling dishonored, and moving forward," Burguan said. Still, there was nothing inherently alarming about the letter's language, they said.
(Additional reporting by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles and David Alire Garcia in Mexico City; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Dan Grebler)
March 30China Merchants Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 1.89 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* To pay A share shareholder in RMB and H share shareholders in HK dollar
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/yDktac
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 3 Marlborough Wine Estates Group Ltd
* Reset annual target for international bottled wine sales revenue to nz$1.3 million from nz$3.2 million
* Target reset following notification from key distributor in China that it would not be able to meet its annual purchase commitment
* Bulk wine importer in U.S indicated more containers of FY18 Vintage, this increases international sales revenue in next FY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Vandenberg Air Force Base is scheduled to assist in the launch of a Pegasus XL rocket — carrying a NASA solar observatory satellite — during a five-minute window starting at 7:27 p.m. Thursday.
The 30th Space Wing will provide range, safety and weather support for the operation, which includes the 6:27 p.m. launch of an L-1011 carrier aircraft. An Orbital Sciences Corporation Pegasus XL rocket will deploy from the aircraft about an hour later.
The launch, which was originally scheduled for Wednesday, was postponed a day because of an issue with the base electrical power architecture.
The two-year IRIS mission, short for Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, will point a telescope at the interface region of the sun to improve understanding of how energy moves from the sun's surface to the million degree outer atmosphere called the corona, according to NASA.
After launching in an aircraft from Vandenberg, the Pegasus — NASA's only winged launcher — and its IRIS payload will be carried to about 39,000 feet before the plan drops the Pegasus to begin the launch.
The spectacle could be seen along the Central Coast if the sky is free of low clouds, since the rocket will release about 100 miles northwest of Vandenberg and then travel south down the coast, said George Diller, a NASA spokesperson.
“If we have relatively clear sky, you would see it coming down the coast,” Diller told Noozhawk. “We know that it can be seen if the weather's good.”
Officials are still waiting for final weather conditions, but Diller noted that a similar launch from the Lompoc area in clear skies in March 2006 was visible along the coast.
Live coverage of the IRIS launch can be seen on NASA Television, beginning at 6 p.m. Thursday. Live audio and briefings will be available on the “V” circuits that can be dialed at 321.867.1220, 1240, 1260.
Col. Keith Balts, 30th Space Wing commander, will be the launch decision authority for the mission.
“I experienced several launches in my role as vice-commander here in the past, but I am looking forward to my first launch as wing commander,” Balts said in a statement. “Our team and launch partners are once again working together to provide access to space with another successful mission.”
The Pegasus will ignite its first stage five seconds into its fall, according to NASA. The second stage, which has no wings, will ignite 94 seconds into flight, and the IRIS will be delivered into its orbit about 10 minutes after launch.
“IRIS will show the solar chromosphere in more detail than has ever been observed before,” said Adrian Daw, deputy NASA project scientist. “My opinion is that we are bound to see something we didn't expect to see.”
According to NASA, Thursday's launch will be the last for the Pegasus rocket because no other small spacecraft missions fit the Pegasus niche.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said on Wednesday they profoundly regret if anyone thinks they don't respect the media.
“I profoundly regret if anyone in the country thinks I don't respect journalism or a free press”, they told the Dáil after controversial comments they made at a private lunch in New York on Tuesday.
Mr Varadkar was responding to Sinn Féin leader Mary Lou McDonald who raised the controversy over the Taoiseach's remarks at the lunch in which they said Donald Trump's criticism of the media was one of the few things they could sympathise with the US president about.
Mr Varadkar insisted that they “strongly believed that a free press was important in a democracy” and was as important to democracy as parliament and courts.
Sometimes there are tensions between Government and media, they said, adding that “at the same time it should not consider itself above criticism or beyond reproach”.
Ms McDonald said the Taoiseach had called the event they attended a private lunch but it was “an event paid for by the Irish taxpayer”. They cited Mr Varadkar's reported remarks that “you were in sympathy with Donald Trump and you believed Irish journalists had no interest in the truth”.
They added that “you have attacked Irish investigative journalism and cited RTÉ in particular.
“You cite programmes that expose scandals” in hospitals, for carers and the failures of the Government to protect those in care.
Ms McDonald said that if the Taoiseach was genuinely concerned about the media “you might have remarked on the issue of media ownership and in particular the power of Denis O'Brien in the media landscape”, and their dominance that had had a chilling effect on journalism.
They claimed that the Taoiseach was not interested in that but “you just wanted to have a go”.
Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin also took a swipe at the Taoiseach in a question about homelessness and housing when they repeatedly said the media had very fairly and faithfully reported the Government's housing announcements.
But defending their remarks, Mr Varadkar said the US event was a “ two-hour lunch with young Irish people living in New York to hear what their thoughts were”.
They said the conversation touched on Brexit, the UN, Russia and many different other things. The conversation included social media and fake news.
“I said a lot of positive things about media - I acknowledged the Me Too movement and Harvey Weinstein and exposing him.”
“I also said that I thought I got a fair hearing in general from the media. None of that was reported.”
They added that their only reference to RTÉ was specifically about the Prime Time Investigates programme Mission to Prey when they said false allegations about a priest fathering a child in Africa were made.
BEIRUT An Islamic State attack in an area held by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in northeast Syria killed at least 38 people on Tuesday including 23 civilians, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The attack on Rajm al-Salibi, the location of a checkpoint and refugee camp near the border with Iraq, led to fierce clashes, injuring dozens, the Britain-based war monitor said.
The SDF battled Islamic State since dawn in nearby areas of Hasaka province, which Kurdish forces largely control, it said.
An adviser to the SDF, Nasser Haj Mansour, confirmed that several civilians died, including people escaping Islamic State in Syria's Deir al-Zor and in Iraq.
The International Rescue Committee said the wounded were taken to hospital inside Hasaka and several children were killed. Thousands of people have fled Iraq for the Rajm al-Salibi border crossing and another camp further north in recent months, the global aid agency said.
The SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, has seized large swathes of northern Syria from Islamic State in a campaign to drive the jihadist group out of Raqqa city, its base of operations in Syria.
This week, the SDF said it captured most of the strategic town of Tabqa, 40 km (25 miles) west of Raqqa along the Euphrates.
The SDF said fighting continued on Tuesday to capture the last district of Tabqa as well as an adjacent dam, Syria's largest, and the last major obstacle as the militias prepare to launch an assault on Raqqa.
The Islamic State attack in Hasaka was targeted at the Asayish, a Kurdish internal security force that operates in northeast Syria, the Observatory said.
(Reporting by Angus McDowall and Ellen Francis; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
PARIS, April 23 The first indications from polling booths are "not good" for conservative challenger Francois Fillon, French senator and key Fillon supporter Roger Karoutchi told reporters on Sunday.
"If I had a good feeling about it I would not be drinking Coca-Cola but that is what I am drinking now," they said.
"The first indications are not good," they said.
They added that they did not expect Fillon would support either centrist Emmanuel Macron or far-right Marine Le Pen in the second round in two weeks. (Reporting by Sybille de la Hamaide; Writing by Geert De Clercq; Editing Richard Balmforth)
March 30 U.S. CDC:
* Investigation update regarding multistate outbreak of Shiga Toxin-Producing E. Coli O157:H7 infections linked to I.M. Healthy Brand SoyNut Butter
* Six more ill people in connection with the STEC infections have been reported from four states since the last update on March 21, 2017
* Regarding STEC infections linked to I.M. Healthy Brand SoyNut butter, 3 more states reported sick people, bringing total states involved to 12 Source text: (bit.ly/2m3YfTg) (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
ROME (Reuters) - A low, “flat tax” rate for individuals and businesses alike can invigorate Italy's economy, reduce tax evasion and strengthen public finances, a close ally of Silvio Berlusconi and possible future economy minister told Reuters.
Renato Brunetta, leader of Berlusconi's Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party in the lower house of parliament, said a flat tax would be the centre-piece of the campaign by the center-right alliance, which is expected to win the most seats in a March 4 election.
“It will be an epoch-making, revolutionary reform and our decisive weapon in the election campaign,” said Brunetta, a former economics professor at Rome's Tor Vergata University and one of Berlusconi's closest collaborators for the last 20 years.
The center-right bloc made up of Forza Italia, the anti-immigrant Northern League and the far-right Brothers of Italy will win the election but probably fall short of a working majority, opinion polls suggest.
Brunetta is proposing a single income and corporate tax rate of about 23 percent. It would replace staggered income taxes going from 23 percent to 43 percent, the main corporate tax rate of 24 percent as well as unpopular regional taxes on business revenue of around 4 percent.
The former public administration minister said in an interview with Reuters that the tax measures would cost state coffers some 50 billion euros ($62.4 billion).
The Northern League wants the flat tax rate set at 15 percent, and the two parties have yet to settle on a compromise.
Numerous countries have experimented with a flat tax to stimulate growth. The Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania introduced the system in the mid-1990s and Russia followed suit several years later.
Italy has been the euro zone's most sluggish economy since the start of monetary union in 1999. Gross domestic product grew around 1.5 percent last year, its strongest rate since 2010 but still weaker than most of Italy's European partners.
Italy's unemployment rates stands at 10.8 percent, two points above the euro zone average.
‘FULLY FUNDED'
Brunetta said the money to fund their proposal would come from scrapping a plethora of tax breaks and incentives for families and firms which they said amounted to 175 billion euros.
The flat tax is not the only costly proposal in the center-right's election platform of tax cuts and extra spending which Roberto Perotti, an economist at Milan's Bocconi University, estimated would cost up to 150 billion euros per year overall.
Other measures include increasing pensions and scrapping inheritance and capital gains tax, and road tax on most cars.
Brunetta said all the measures were fully funded, partly because the flat tax would generate a virtuous cycle in which people and companies would no longer feel the need to evade high taxes. They said this in turn would lead to companies investing, employment rising, higher economic growth and more tax revenue.
Renato Brunetta, the lower house leader of Berlusconi's Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Rome, Italy, February 1, 2018. Picture taken February 1, 2018. REUTERS/Max Rossi
“It's a win-win strategy where tax-payers, state coffers and the Italian economy all benefit,” said Brunetta.
The flat tax has been proposed by four-time prime minister Berlusconi ever since their first government in 1994, but they have never managed to enact it. Brunetta said previous attempts had made the mistake of trying to reform the tax system gradually, whereas what was needed was a “one-shot” approach.
The flat tax would be passed in the center-right's first budget, they said, along with a pension overhaul to replace unpopular 2011 reforms that raised the retirement age and helped calm markets at the peak of the euro zone debt crisis.
That reform gradually raised the pension age for women to 65 in 2018 from 60 in 2011, bringing it more into line with the rules for men, and prescribed regular increases for both men and women thereafter, based on updated estimates of life expectancy.
The new “fully sustainable” system, would be based on the broad principle that people can retire when they want, and get a pension based entirely on the contributions they have paid in.
Renato Brunetta, the lower house leader of Berlusconi's Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Rome, Italy, February 1, 2018. Picture taken February 1, 2018. REUTERS/Max Rossi
NO 5-STAR TALKS
Brunetta, 67, who is known for their combative personality and prodigious energy, made no secret of their ambition to be economy minister if the center-right bloc wins the election.
“I have seen plenty of worse ones and I think I have the political and academic qualifications required,” they said. “Of course everyone has their aspirations and it's something we will all decide together.”
Brunetta made light of the frequent friction between Forza Italia, which presents itself as a moderate, pro-European force, and the Northern League, which wants an end to budget restraint and sees Italy eventually leaving the euro zone.
They said tensions were a “completely natural” result of the largely proportional electoral system which meant the parties were competing within the coalition as well as being allies.
Berlusconi, who is barred from public office following a 2013 tax fraud conviction, has not yet said who Forza Italia's candidate for prime minister will be, and Brunetta said they were unlikely to do so before the election.
They said if the March 4 vote produced a hung parliament the most likely solution would be a rapid return to the polls.
They flatly rejected a call by the leader of the 5-Star Movement, which polls say is the most popular single party, for the other parties to back a 5-Star government based on jointly negotiated and agreed policies.
5-Star's and Forza Italia's election platforms have several points in common but Brunetta said the anti-establishment movement's aggressive attacks on its mainstream rivals meant they would “not even sit down to talk” with them about policy.
“They are insulting, destructive, violent and anti-political,” they said.
Britain Football Soccer - Liverpool v Crystal Palace - Premier League - Anfield - 23/4/17 Liverpool's Nathaniel Clyne prepares to take a throw in while Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce gestures Reuters / Phil Noble Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Liverpool v Crystal Palace - Premier League - Anfield - 23/4/17 Crystal Palace's Christian Benteke celebrates scoring their second goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Liverpool v Crystal Palace - Premier League - Anfield - 23/4/17 Crystal Palace's Luka Milivojevic and Andros Townsend celebrate after the match Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Two goals by Crystal Palace forward Christian Benteke, who Liverpool sold to their opponents earlier this season, cost the hosts the chance to put pressure on the Premier League's top two with a rare home defeat on Sunday.
Philippe Coutinho had put Liverpool ahead in the 24th minute with a direct free kick.
The home side dominated but conceded an equaliser just before halftime when Benteke, sold by Juergen Klopp in August, scored from a cross by Yohan Cabaye. In the 74th minute the Belgian stooped to head in a corner and win the game.
Klopp's team stay third but are five points behind second-placed Tottenham Hotspur having played two games more.
Palace, who have recently beaten Chelsea and Arsenal, moved up four places to 12th and should now be safe from relegation after a sixth win in eight games.
(Reporting by Steve Tongue; editing by Ken Ferris)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
May 2 Powell Industries Inc:
* Powell Industries announces fiscal 2017 second quarter results
* Q2 loss per share $0.02 excluding items
* Q2 loss per share $0.07
* Q2 revenue $104.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $102 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $-0.15 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Powell Industries Inc - Q3 revenues are expected to decline due to prior lower booking levels
* Powell Industries Inc - Powell reaffirms that it expects to report a net loss in fiscal 2017
* Powell Industries Inc- company's backlog as of March 31, 2017 was $228 million compared to $271 million as of December 31, 2016
* Powell Industries Inc - expects Q3 orders to return to, or exceed, Q1 levels Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Central banks could help reduce volatility in short-term funding markets used by banks and big business by lending out more securities used as collateral, a group of policymakers from around the world said on Wednesday.
A committee of the Bank for International Settlements also said in a study on how repurchase agreements, or repos, function, that debt management agencies could sell more securities that were becoming scarce.
The $9 trillion (7.2 trillion pounds) global repo market, which allows borrowers to pawn securities for short-term loans, is seen as essential for the functioning of global financial markets.
However, the entire sector is struggling to adjust to the after effects of a series of financial crises and the regulatory environment that has followed them, the committee said.
Some high-quality euro zone government bonds -- typically used as collateral in repo markets -- have deeply negative yields mainly because of scarce supply created by the European Central Bank's asset-purchase programme.
The ECB has a scheme to lend bonds it has purchases but that has done little to prevent short-dated German government bond yields hitting record lows in recent months. DE2YT=TWEB
"Where such facilities already exist, central banks might consider ways to increase their efficacy by reducing barriers to access," the committee said in the study, released on Wednesday.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
BRIEF-Shenzhen CAU Technology scraps asset restructuring, share trade to resume
* Says it scraps asset restructuring as it is investigated by securities regulator due to possible violations of information disclosure
SAN FRANCISCO Airbnb has reached new deals with dozens of jurisdictions in the United States and France to collect and pay taxes, doubling down on its effort to improve its image with local policymakers even as it face regulatory challenges around the world.
Airbnb, the short-term rental service that offers a website where homeowners can rent out a room or their entire property, has collected $240 million in hotel and occupancy taxes since it was founded in 2008, remitting them to the jurisdictions where the company has agreements, Airbnb spokesperson Nick Papas told Reuters.
The most recent tax agreements, formally announced by the company Tuesday, came in eight U.S. cities and counties, the state of Texas and 31 cities in France, making for a total of 275 agreements, Papas said. The taxes, which Airbnb says are at the same rate paid by hotels, will be collected beginning May 1 for the newest agreements. More than half of Airbnb's U.S. listings are in communities where we the company collects and remits taxes, Papas said.
Chris Bryan, a spokesperson for the Texas comptroller, said Airbnb approached Texas with the offer to pay taxes.
"The state saw this as the most efficient way of bringing these people into tax compliance rather than going after thousands and thousands of homeowners," they said.
Texas is the 20th U.S. state with which Airbnb has a deal. Seeking agreements with more states allows the company to avoid the thorny local politics in cities where it faces opposition.
It is still unclear how successful Airbnb will be in collecting and remitting all the taxes it had pledged because many of these agreements are less than a year old. Critics of the deals have questioned how local officials could have enough data on Airbnb hosts to verify how much tax the company ought to pay.
Airbnb's push to address taxes has helped to weaken one of the arguments made by the hotel industry against the company's growing presence in major cities.
But the tax agreements have not quieted critics' concerns that Airbnb, valued at $31 billion, has exacerbated housing shortages and brought unwanted traffic into neighbourhoods.
In April, Airbnb reached an agreement with Miami-Dade County in Florida to collect taxes but the mayor of the city of Miami Beach, part of Miami-Dade County, remains a vocal opponent to Airbnb. The city allows Airbnb in areas that are zoned for short-term rentals but not in residential neighbourhoods, said Mayor Philip Levine.
"When you bought a house you didn't bargain on having a nightclub next to you," they said. "You relied on having the zoning of the city protect you."
Airbnb said last year it collected $19 million in taxes in San Francisco, $7 million in San Diego and $3 million in Chicago.
Several cities declined to confirm how much tax Airbnb had paid, citing taxpayer confidentiality rules.
(Reporting by Heather Somerville; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Trott)
(Refiles to add information on reasons for Tullow's decline.)
MILAN, April 6 European shares fell in early trade on Thursday after minutes of the Federal Reserve's last meeting raised worries over high stock market valuations, with banks, autos and commodity stocks leading a broad sell-off.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index fell 0.6 percent while UK's FTSE was down 0.7 percent.
The only sector trading in positive territory was real estate, which was up 0.5 percent, with British Land among the top gainers after Exane upgraded the stock to outperform.
British oil company Tullow Oil was the leading loser on the STOXX, down 15 percent, as its shares traded without the rights to subscribe to its 607 million-pound cash call. Energy stocks in general fell after record U.S. crude inventories pushed crude prices lower.
Banks were the biggest loser in Europe, down 1.3 percent. Autos fell 1.1 percent to an eight-week low. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Larry King)
April 3 Easy One Financial Group Ltd:
* Lender, an indirect unit of co, entered into loan agreement to grant loan to customer of a principal amount of HK$15 million Source text: (bit.ly/2nvMZOA) Further company coverage:
Parents are being urged to take their child to a GP if they suspect scarlet fever, after cases rose in some areas of England.
From September to the end of January, more cases have been reported compared with the same period last year.
Public Health England (PHE) urged parents to be vigilant, but said other regions of England are experiencing the same or lower levels of scarlet fever than last year.
Scarlet fever is a bacterial illness that mainly affects children and is distinctive due to its pink-red rash.
It is highly contagious and should be treated with antibiotics.
A PHE spokesperson said: “It's not uncommon to see more cases of scarlet fever during winter and spring.
“Although we have seen a small increase in cases this year, scarlet fever is usually a mild illness that can be treated with antibiotics to reduce the risk of further complications and to minimise the risk of its spread to others.
“Scarlet fever's symptoms include a sore throat, headache and fever with a characteristic sandpapery, fine, pinkish or red rash.
“Parents should pay particular attention and if you or your child develops any of these symptoms you should contact your GP for assessment.
“Children or adults diagnosed with scarlet fever are advised to stay at home until at least 24 hours after the start of antibiotic treatment to avoid spreading the infection to others.”
Since September, 3,325 cases of scarlet fever have been reported across England. Between 300 and 400 cases of scarlet fever are being reported every week. The highest levels are usually seen in March and April.
Over the past two years, the total number of cases reported by the end of April has been on the rise.
Scarlet fever usually occurs in children, mostly between the ages of two and eight.
Nurseries and schools are told to try and curb the spread of the bug through encouraging youngsters and staff to wash their hands.
More information can be obtained here
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Confidential Info on Cutomer Writing Only the Pros Know About
The Most Popular Cutomer Writing
Your own internet site and website continue to be there for a expert basis. If you should be employing writing services on the web for the very first time and never certain how it will work, then you will always call with our aid representative who'll aid you as a result of all the phases beginning with all the buy positioning right prior to the last paper is sent for you personally. If you should be on the lookout for the very best writing providers online , you're within the right location.
What Does Cutomer Writing Mean?
Everyone else would like to feel safe after employing a service or some item. You will find a lot of services with intriguing offers if you are browsing for a school article to cover. You're likely to truly have the perfect services the moment you informative article buy online from us. You don't need to be concerned with becoming cheated or receiving inferior service which can ben't worth exactly what you covered. Our writing services would be the optimal/optimally remedy. Inadequate customer care is all but often an outcome of being out of contact with buyer reality. You realize you have to supply decent customerservice to achieve this.
If people get to be the customer, they will need to become faithful. In the event the customer is 1 which you would love to maintain and can be well worth maintaining, utilizing this type of intermediary will ensure it is more easy to maintain a great working partnership with the customer immediately after the invoices get paid . You can not recognize the consumer's issues by introducing your own merchandise. Many customers come to us with excellent hints for starting their particular business enterprise.
The Benefits of Cutomer Writing
You've got likely reviewed plenty of organizations, as well as a couple of them promise to expand the cheapest custom composing. Many businesses do not reach customer loyalty, since they furnish the exact same savings as everybody else, and practically nothing else. Our faculty homework creating company ought to be your own first taste if at the center of the night time you detect that you need to compose an assignment or perhaps a research newspaper.
Hearsay, Lies and Cutomer Writing
You're inside the appropriate place as our experts are highly capable to assist you with composition of almost any sort. You will find instances when you merely would not have sufficient time yet you have a significant number of assignments that collapse due soon http://today.wisc.edu/events/view/112581. Thus, present content of exactly what you do. Do not end in the very first available solution which others or you define. In case you own any of the asupervisorstioned reasons for acquiring qualified help online, be the ideal choice let's assist you with your own assignments! Firstly, there'll hardly develop some time whenever you're disappointed with our work out. In the event you have to produce certain that the previous work goes to be of quality, you're advised to bring a PRO Writer package on your purchase, so one of our top writers will finish the assignment to you personally.
All About Cutomer Writing
If this is the case, then don't stress at all, as you are able to let us do your assignments for you as you unwind for a certain moment. That you won't need to be anxious in any way, as we'll produce your homework only the direction you would like. If your math homework is way too much, we are able to locate a mathematician that's sensible and professional enough to finish your whole content, so it's going be skilled math-guy obtainable online with numerous reviews that are positive, which is a guarantee to our shoppers!
Each day you've got to do a great deal of homework and also course of action a large deal of information. You are able to get your homework revised for free, and even make a program for a refund in serious situations. If you're perplexing who is able to support you using the mission at the lowest price since you're a student and certainly will be pressed for money, you're in the appropriate place once we offer cheap customized writings.
College essay writing is still an trying project for some college students. Thus, ultimately, the essay is not going to just be honed to perfection in conditions of terminology but also tailored to each and every applicant. Our supreme quality however, inexpensive customized essay writing providers are always available.
New Step by Step Roadmap for Cutomer Writing
When you http://samedayessay.com use a seasoned writer, they may enhance your wants. A superb article writer is equipped to handle their time well to be able to freelancer, which means they or she's readily available at constantly for the work. Now you understand a bit for what online essay authors perform, there certainly are various major reasons why you certainly will need to simply trust experienced educational writers to supply you having an adequate paper.
Some may possess their authors disappear simply to look using a minimal top excellent paper too near the deadline or observing a deadline. What's more, it's planning to be really helpful if you were able to supply the author with all the textbook you are utilizing in any extra stuff which will see that the author utilizes the very important sources though completing the paper. To begin with, the writers will take in to consideration each and every every schooling you have. Moreover, essay authors are ready to manage paths of their maximum amount of essay help difficulty. You've got each one of the causes to employ a expert college essay author.
NEW YORK, April 6 Mixed martial arts franchise Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is returning to the loan market to raise US$100m of incremental debt to back a potential earnings-based payout tied to its 2016 buyout, sources said.
Proceeds from the new debt are slated to back a payment due to the sellers if certain financial targets are hit. The buyout included two future payments of US$175m and US$75m if the company hit specific milestones. The first payment may be due during the second half of 2017.
The new loan will be led by KKR Capital Markets, which took the lead financing role from Goldman Sachs in January when UFC went to the market to reprice the loan.
Goldman Sachs led the original first-lien loan to back the company's 2016 buyout by private equity-backed talent agency WME-IMG. As reported, federal regulators warned the bank about the deal because of aggressive earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (Ebitda) add-backs included.
This allowed KKR to step into the lead role on the first-lien loan, as KKR is not subject to the federal leveraged lending guidance that Goldman Sachs is required to follow. The guidelines were put in place in an effort to limit highly leveraged loans considered risky.
Deutsche Bank led a US$425m second-lien loan backing the original buyout. This debt was not repriced.
"This is certainly an example of UFC being aggressive (again) with their add-backs," said an investor who has looked at the deal. "I had heard the company got some push-back from regulators, so I am mildly surprised to see them back so soon."
Total net leverage at UFC will stand at 5.8 times following the additional debt raise with first-lien net leverage at 4.5 times, according to an investor presentation.
S&P affirmed its B+ rating on the first-lien debt Thursday, as well as the CCC+ rating on the second-lien loan. S&P has the company on negative outlook due to the significant leverage, which the ratings agency puts above 8 times.
Management Ebitda for 2016 climbed to US$226m from US$192m in 2015, according to the presentation. However, the investor noted that the company is marketing the deal using adjusted Ebitda of US$320m “without providing much detail on the bridge between the numbers.”
The company notes that it achieved US$10m of cost savings in 2016 from reducing labor, marketing and third-party cost and is on schedule to generate US$55m of cost savings this year.
Despite concerns from regulators, investors have been eager to own the loan, which was trading at approximately 101, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
The add-on loan is expected to price with the same terms as the existing first-lien loan, which puts the spread at 325bp over Libor with a 1% floor. The loan originally priced at 400bp over Libor in August 2016. The commitment deadline for lenders is Thursday after launching on Wednesday.
KKR declined to comment. (Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing By Lynn Adler and Jon Methven)
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
April 10 Eniro Ab
* Eniro postpones annual general meeting
* The Board of Directors of Eniro AB (publ), listed on Stockholm Nasdaq, has decided to postpone the Annual General Meeting to June 7, 2017 at 11.00, previously announced to take place at May 9
* The reason for the postponement is the time frame for the Eniro's recapitalization Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anna Ringstrom)
(Recasts throughout, updates prices, adds comments, changes byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
* Trump-Xi meeting stirs investor caution
* Euro touches a 3-week low vs dollar before recovering
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, April 6 The dollar was slightly higher on Thursday as investors were hesitant to make big bets ahead of a two-day summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, a meeting that could have geopolitical ramifications.
"The market's main concern is that Trump and Xi don't see eye-to-eye on most things and that traders infer this from the body language and lack of clear language coming out of the meeting and subsequent press conferences," said Thierry Albert Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist, at Macquarie Group in New York.
"Rather than a lack of agreement, however, the greater risk is a lack of deep engagement," they added.
Trump faces pressure to deliver trade concessions with China for some of their most fervent supporters and prevent a crisis with North Korea from spiraling out of control. However, White House officials have set low expectations for the meeting.
The latest U.S. Federal Reserve minutes, released on Wednesday, added to investor caution on the dollar, since they didn't really change the view of a slow pace of U.S. interest rate rises this year, said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington.
In mid-morning trading, the dollar index was up 0.1 percent at 100.64. The greenback also rose 0.1 percent versus the yen at 110.83,
The euro, meanwhile, was little changed at $1.0660, erasing losses which took it to a three-week low following European Central Bank President Mario Draghi's comments saying they saw no need for now to deviate from the ECB's policy path.
Before altering its stance, the ECB must have sufficient confidence that inflation would return to target over a medium-term horizon, they said.
The single currency had jumped above $1.09 in March for the first time since early November after Draghi signaled a diminishing urgency for expansionary policy, with investors pricing a possible rate hike in early 2018.
"Draghi made it very clear that he's not intending any change in the forward guidance, that policy still needs to remain expansionary for a very long time," said Commerzbank currency strategist Esther Reichelt, in Frankfurt.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by W Simon)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
In this photo gallery, The Associated Press highlights some of the top images made during 2017 by photojournalists based in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Across the region, severe weather and natural disasters had fatal consequences. Mexico was struck by two deadly earthquakes and a string of hurricanes battered the Caribbean. Wildfires caused historic devastation in Chile and flash flooding surprised residents in Peru's desert capital, Lima.
Violence surged again in Mexico, with the resort city of Acapulco hit particularly hard. Brazilian police lost control of more of Rio de Janeiro's slums to gangs. Political unrest in Venezuela killed 369 people. A fire at an overcrowded children's home killed 40 girls in Guatemala, while domestic violence left scars on survivors across Argentina.
Despite all the bad news, the region's peoples found solace in their traditions and community. Peruvians dolled up in fantastical costumes for the Snow Star festival. Mexican indigenous in Chiapas worked to launch their first presidential candidate: a woman known as "MariChuy." And Pope Francis visited Colombia where the rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia laid down their arms under the peace deal signed with the government.
Advertisement
In the world of sports, female boxers worked to pave the way to Cuba's first women's boxing team, and cowboys were bucked off horses in Uruguay. Latin America soccer darling Leonel Messi tied the knot in their native Argentina.
___
See all the photos at the AP Images photo blog, curated by photo editors Enric Marti, Dario Lopez, Leslie Mazoch and Anita Baca in Mexico City.
___
On Twitter:
Enric Marti: https://twitter.com/EFM1959
Dario Lopez: https://twitter.com/DarioLopezMills
Leslie Mazoch: https://twitter.com/LeslieMazoch
Anita Baca: https://twitter/com/LatDesk
AP photographers and photo editors: https://twitter.com/AP/lists/ap-photographers
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Oumar Niasse in action with Southampton's Nathan Redmond and Dusan Tadic Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Andrea Ranocchia in action with Southampton's Sofiane Boufal and Manolo Gabbiadini Reuters / Hannah McKay Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Sam Clucas in action with Southampton's Ryan Bertrand Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Andrea Ranocchia in action with Southampton's Shane Long and Dusan Tadic Reuters / Hannah McKay Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Alfred N'Diaye is shown a yellow card by the referee Mike Dean Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Southampton v Hull City - Premier League - St Mary's Stadium - 29/4/17 Hull City's Eldin Jakupovic attempts to punch the ball clear Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
SOUTHAMPTON 0 HULL CITY 0
Relegation-threatened Hull City earned their first point on the road in six games after goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic saved a late penalty in a goalless draw at Southampton on Saturday.
Southampton's Dusan Tadic failed to convert from the spot in the 91st minute after Hull midfielder Alfred N'Diaye committed a foul during a corner.
The visitors came close to break the deadlock in the first half at St Mary's with winger Kamil Grosicki's freekick hitting the post before testing goalkeeper Fraser Forster with a long range effort.
Hull, in 17th place and three points clear of the drop zone, held on to a draw with a tight defensive display despite substitutes Shane Long and Josh Sims doing their best to snatch at late win for Southampton.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Karlheinz Blessing, member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG with responsibility for 'Human Resources and Organization' attends Volkswagen AG annual news conference in Wolfsburg, Germany, April 28, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Creating a new era of accountability at Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) after its emissions scandal may take time, as it requires radical changes to the German carmaker's decades-old corporate structure, its head of human resources told Reuters.
Volkswagen's (VW) drive to become more transparent and decentralize power is seen by investors as a key part of its efforts to rebuild trust following its admission in September 2015 that it cheated U.S. emissions tests on diesel engines.
But reformers are battling a long-tradition of management hierarchies and some investors think their task is made harder by a tightly-knit ownership dominated by the company's founding families and home state of Lower Saxony.
"Good ideas are worth nothing if they fail because of structural blockades," VW human resources chief Karlheinz Blessing said in an interview published on Thursday.
"Not only the values must be right but also the structure," they said, adding progress was being made to reduce the number of committees, streamline the development of models and move managers more frequently to improve their leadership skills.
Before "dieselgate", there was an extreme deference to authority at VW and a closed-off corporate culture that some critics say may have been a factor in the cheating.
Although Blessing, a former steel manager who joined VW in January 2016, has pledged a complete overhaul of its structures, values and principles, some investors aren't convinced.
"I see a governance and culture problem at the group for which the old guard is responsible," said Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment which holds about 0.6 percent of VW preference shares.
VW is hamstrung by the different interests of its stakeholders - which include a powerful role for trade unions - and a lack of new leaders, they added. Chief Executive Matthias Mueller has been with VW for nearly four decades and Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch was previously its long-term finance chief.
Blessing said VW wanted to put an end to managers shifting accountability to others and would ensure the best qualified people were handed responsibilities - something that might not always have been the case under a top-down management style.
"That has to be learned, and it may take a bit of time," they said.
Blessing's caution appears justified, according to two sources at the company.
With VW pursuing an ambitious shift to electric cars and digital services, some managers have become afraid again of making mistakes and are more keen to protect their careers than lead the drive for openness, they said.
"The search for those who made mistakes always took precedence over the search for the mistakes," one of the sources said, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. "That mindset is still there."
Blessing declined to say how long it would take to establish a modern leadership culture at VW.
"This is an ongoing process, and it's nothing that will happen automatically."
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Telstra Corp said on Friday it would write down to zero the value of its U.S. video platform Ooyala, which had symbolized the Australian company's efforts to diversify from its ageing domestic copper-line telecoms business.
Almost four years after it bought the firm for $330 million, Telstra said in a statement it would take a A$273 million ($219 million) non-cash charge to its half-year financial results as a consequence of the write-down.
“Telstra identified challenges in the business and changing market dynamics 18 months ago and impaired the business at the time of its 2016 results,” Telstra added.
It said it would look to exit one of the three key parts of Ooyala's business, ad tech, but still saw a future for the firm's video player and workflow management system units.
Ooyala was once the biggest single investment by Telstra's venture-capital arm, which was conceived to help the company break out of its main business in Australia at a time of rapid technological change.
Telstra has tried its hands at a range of business in the technology and media sphere, ranging from music streaming services to restaurant booking applications.
Telstra is expected to report its half-year earnings on Feb. 15.
UPDATE 1-Bank of America targets growth in international cash management
June 14 Bank of America Corp sees continued room to grow in international cash management, a low margin business that can lead to lots of other revenue opportunities with corporate clients, Chief Operating Officer Tom Montag said at an industry conference on Wednesday.
March 31 A federal judge in Delaware on Friday struck down key patents held by Acorda Therapeutics related to its multiple sclerosis drug Ampyra.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge Leonard Stark opens the door for generic versions of the drug by makers including Mylan Inc and Roxane Laboratories Inc, who had been sued by Acorda. (Reporting by Jan Wolfe; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
May 2 Bilia
* Says Q1 net turnover amounted to SEK 6,815 m (5,433).
* Q1 - operational earnings amounted to SEK 267 m (195).
* Says we believe that demand for cars and service during Q2 of 2017 will be slightly better compared with corresponding quarter last year
* Says there will be more than 3 fewer working days during Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
TOKYO, March 29 The Bank of Japan trimmed the purchase of three to five-year Japanese government bonds in its regular market operations on Wednesday.
The central bank announced it would buy 380 billion yen ($3.42 billion) in those maturities, down from the previous operation's 400 billion yen.
The BOJ has been tweaking the amount of JGBs it buys at its operations in an effort to reduce market volatility, which worsened as the central bank purchased large amounts of debt under its easing programme. (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team)
March 31 PLDT Inc-
* Refers to Business World Online articles "Smart required to conduct ipo under new franchise" and "PLDT eyes p68b from enterprise, home"
* Confirms statement of chief revenue officer eric alberto, that combined revenue target for home and enterprise businesses for 2017 is 68 billion pesos Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS May 2 Total has signed two agreements with Senegal to explore deep and ultra-deep offshore production in the country, the French oil company said on Tuesday.
Total struck a deal with Senegal's state-owned hydrocarbon firm Petrosen to explore the Rufisque offshore profond block, where the French oil company would the operator with a 90 percent stake.
It also signed a deal with Petrosen and Senegal's Energy Ministry, under which Total would assess the exploration potential of Senegal's ultra-deep offshore and become an operator of an exploration block. "These agreements are part of the group's strategy to carry out exploration activities in new deepwater basins in Africa," Total's chief executive Patrick Pouyanne said in a statement.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva. Editing by Jane Merriman)
ZURICH, April 6 A FIFA appeals panel has overturned a ban the global soccer body imposed last year on Saoud Al-Mohannadi, a high-ranking Qatari and Asian soccer official, for failing to cooperate as a witness with an investigation, it said on Thursday.
FIFA's ethics watchdog in November had handed them a one-year ban. Al-Mohannadi, a vice-president of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) and Qatar Football Association (QFA), had denied wrongdoing. [ ]
"The Appeal Committee considered that the evidence available was not sufficient to establish to the appropriate standard...that Mr Al-Mohannadi had acted in violation of the FCE (FIFA Code of Ethics)," it said in a statement. It also revoked a fine of 20,000 Swiss francs ($19,926) levied against him.
($1 = 1.0037 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields, editing by John Revill)
* Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3650, or 73.26 U.S. cents * Loonie touches a fresh 14-month low at C$1.3697 * Currency loses 2.6 percent for the month * Bond prices rise across the yield curve (Adds CFTC data) By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 28 The Canadian dollar weakened against its U.S. counterpart on Friday, retaining this week's defensive bias in the face of an uncertain trade outlook, while domestic data showed the economy stalled in February. The currency's official close, which was published for the last time by the Bank of Canada, was C$1.3650 to the greenback, or 73.26 U.S. cents, weaker than Thursday's close of C$1.3624, or 73.40 U.S. cents. "It is all about trade, which has been whipping the currency around," said Amo Sahota, director at Klarity FX in San Francisco. U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday that they had been "psyched" to terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico on Saturday, but then changed their mind after their leaders asked for it to be renegotiated instead. They said they will not hesitate to change course again and pull the plug if the negotiations become "unserious." The Canadian dollar's strongest level of the session was C$1.3625, while it touched its weakest since February 2016 at C$1.3697. For the week, the loonie fell 1.1 percent and for the month, it was down 2.6 percent. The underlying trend has been for a weaker Canadian dollar and that has been supported by fundamentals, such as widening yield spreads, Sahota said. Canada's 2-year yield has fallen this week nearly 8 basis points further below its U.S. equivalent to a spread of -54.9 basis points, nearly its biggest gap since January 2016. Liquidity issues at a non-bank mortgage lender, unrelated to actual performance, added to pressure on the loonie this week, according to a research note by Avery Shenfeld, at CIBC Capital Markets. Speculators have increased bearish bets on the Canadian dollar to the most since February 2016, data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed. Canadian dollar net short positions jumped to 42,642 contracts as of April 25 from 33,252 a week earlier. Canadian gross domestic product was flat in February, matching the forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll, after robust growth in January. "It is a soft month in an otherwise solid quarter," said Derek Holt, head of capital markets economics at Scotiabank. U.S. crude oil prices settled 36 cents higher at $49.33 a barrel, rebounding from a one-month low the previous day. Canadian government bond prices were higher across the yield curve, with the 10-year rising 25.8 Canadian cents to yield 1.546 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Nick Zieminski, Sandra Maler and Jonathan Oatis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
The Kansas Department of Health and Environment said Wednesday a measles outbreak that began at a Johnson County daycare in March has ended. It eventually spread to Miami and Linn counties. In total, 22 people in the three counties were infected.
It was the most measles cases in one year in Kansas since 1990.
A measles outbreak is considered over when no new cases have been identified and two separate 21-day incubation periods pass.
NEW YORK Former head of retail banking at Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) Carrie Tolstedt rejected on Monday the bank's internal investigation into sales practice abuses which laid much of the blame for the problems on them
“We strongly disagree with the report and its attempt to lay blame with Ms. Tolstedt. A full and fair examination of the facts will produce a different conclusion,” Enu Mainigi, Williams & Connolly LLP, attorneys for Tolstedt, said in a statement.
(Editing by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
MUNICH, April 12 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo may be on course for their worst domestic goal haul since 2010 but with two strikes against Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday they became the first player to score 100 goals in UEFA competitions.
Zinedine Zidane's side drew with neighbours Atletico Madrid in La Liga on Saturday and looked likely to fall short again after being outplayed by Bayern in the first half before Ronaldo came to the rescue to seal a 2-1 win.
When Arturo Vidal headed the hosts into a 25th-minute lead, Bayern appeared on course for a 17th consecutive European home victory, but the game turned following Vidal's missed penalty and Ronaldo equalised with a fine volley early in the second period.
Javi Martinez's sending-off just after the hour mark handed Real the initiative, and the 32-year-old Ronaldo clinched Real's victory when they beat Manuel Neuer after being picked out by Marco Asensio in the 77th minute.
While the Portugal forward has demonstrated an ability to win matches single-handedly throughout their career, their latest survival act came in an unfamiliar context having struggled to hit the lofty heights they set themselves in La Liga this season.
"Cristiano was unhappy because they couldn't score a third, that's how ambitious they are," Zidane told reporters.
Despite an admirable 19 goals in 24 league appearances, Ronaldo looks unlikely to match the tallies they have managed in their last six seasons (40, 46, 34, 31, 48, 35). And they had previously gone 613 minutes of European football without finding the net - their longest drought for eight years.
Yet they delivered an outstanding second-half performance to reach 100 European goals, with 98 in the Champions League and two coming in Madrid's 2-0 UEFA Super Cup victory over Sevilla in 2014.
Of Ronaldo's haul in Europe's top competition, they have managed 82 for Real, with the other 16 coming for Manchester United, and their double took them four goals ahead of Lionel Messi (94) in the race to become the first player to score 100 Champions League goals.
Real still have to fend off a likely Bayern fightback on Tuesday, but they remain on course to become the first team to retain the Champions League.
At this rate, you would not bet against Ronaldo reaching their century in the competition before the end of this campaign. (Reporting by Ed Dove, ediiting by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Supreme Court nominee judge Neil Gorsuch testifies during a third day of their Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
WASHINGTON The U.S. Senate is expected to vote at 11 a.m. EDT (1500 GMT) on Thursday on whether to limit debate and move towards the final confirmation of President Donald Trump's choice of federal Judge Neil Gorsuch to take a seat on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Democrats are expected to thwart the Republican effort by denying the 60 votes needed in the 100-member chamber to advance Gorsuch. If so, Republicans are expected to take the rare step of changing Senate rules so that they can advance the nomination with a minimum of 51 Republican votes, which would clear the way for Gorsuch's confirmation on Friday.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Eric Beech)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
FILE PHOTO - An attendent cleans the carpet next to U.S. and Chinese national flags before a news conference for the 6th round of U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, July 10, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING Trade between China and the United States continued to show good growth in the first quarter, a spokesperson for the General Administration of Customs said Thursday.
A strengthening of communication between China and the United States will benefit trade and investment, said Huang Songping.
Huang also said that China's trade surplus with the U.S. should be viewed with calm and objectivity.
China's massive trade surplus with the U.S. has been a point of contention for U.S. President Donald Trump, though tensions seem to have eased after a meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping last week.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Elias Glenn; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
(Corrects current period as follows because of accounting period change) Apr 6 (Reuters)- Ichibanya Co Ltd CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) 9 months ended Year to NEXT Feb 28, 2017 May 31, 2016 Feb 28, 2018 YEAR LATEST YEAR-AGO COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST H1 FORECAST Sales 33.61 44.91 49.20 24.60 (+2.0 pct) Operating 3.66 4.87 4.85 2.41 (+6.0 pct) Recurring 3.82 5.08 5.02 2.48 (+7.8 pct) Net 2.39 3.43 3.40 1.78 (+25.8 pct) EPS 74.85 yen 107.47 yen 106.50 yen 55.75 yen Ann Div 52.50 yen 130.00 yen 72.00 yen -Q2 Div 35.00 yen 50.00 yen 36.00 yen -Q4 Div 17.50 yen 80.00 yen 36.00 yen NOTE - Ichibanya Co Ltd. Second Net profit row denotes profit attributable to owners ofthe parent To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=7630.T
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
April 10 Activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 percent stake in Whole Foods Market Inc and said that it intends to hold discussions with the company's board about exploring possible strategic options.
Jana, which is the second biggest shareholder in the organic and natural food grocer, said it was also prepared to nominate members to Whole Foods' board, a regulatory filing showed on Monday. (bit.ly/2okbH8b)
(Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhongyuan Union Cell & Gene Engineering Corp Ltd :
* Says an individual Gong Hongjia plans to add at least 3 percent or no more than 5 percent stake of shares of the company within 6 months since Feb. 2
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/N99pB2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By James Saft
April 20 An unlikely Marine Le Pen victory in French presidential elections could set off a bank funding crisis that would have more power to torpedo the euro project than they might posses once in office.
National Front nativist and anti-euro candidate Le Pen may well not make it through to the second round on May 7 after Sunday's vote, and is likely to lose to whomever they meet if they do.
If they do capture the Elysee Palace, they will almost certainly face a fractured and intransigent Parliament after June elections, particularly once the legions of French savers work out what a redenomination into new francs will do to their wealth. Le Pen's ability to pull France out of the euro and re-negotiate its relationship with the European Union would be severely crimped by constitutional and practical hurdles, which make it highly unlikely.
But markets, particularly those that advance money to French banks, may not find this truth reassuring. Funding for French banks is likely to be curtailed if they win on Sunday, and dangerously so if they actually take office.
“While it will be difficult for Le Pen to implement their campaign promises even if they win the election in May, it is the expectation of major Eurozone upheaval, rather than the reality itself, which makes the scenario of a Le Pen victory significantly more complicated and dangerous for risky assets than was the case after the Trump and Brexit surprises,” Salman Ahmed, chief investment strategist at Lombard Odier Investment Managers, wrote in a note to clients.
It may well be that a victory by leftwing candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon carries similar, if lower risks.
Should funds begin to leave the French banking system, not just in panic, but out of an abundance of caution, the European Central Bank has tools that would allow French banks over to access liquidity. It could also tilt asset purchases toward French bonds, thus delivering more cash to French banks.
But this is not a frictionless course of action.
TARGET 2
The result will be a build-up of imbalances in the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer, or Target 2, system, which handles the banking system credits and debts within the euro zone across national borders.
As it stands, France is barely a debtor in Target 2, with Germany the main creditor, and mostly to peripheral and weaker euro zone countries like Spain and Italy.
Within a normal euro zone framework the accumulation of Target 2 balances is normal, and a helpful means for capital to find its uses. At the point at which Germany begins to doubt whether the money it is owed ultimately will be settled in euros, or under what set of protocols, it will become politically very difficult for Germany to allow the ECB, and for the ECB itself, to build a massive Target 2 imbalance.
“Political questions will certainly be asked before Germany decides to increase its credit to other Eurozone countries if it is clear that one of those countries, France, intends to leave the eurosystem, potentially leaving Germany with a significant fiscal loss on its claims,” Ahmed wrote.
“Were Germany to freeze the Target 2 system, the single currency union would cease to exist even before a referendum on France's membership takes place – highlighting the importance of expectations in this situation.”
In March, Deutsche Bank estimated that the French banking system has some 2.7 trillion euros, or 68 percent of the total, of its funding that is vulnerable, either because it is from outside the euro zone or because it is short-term, having a repayment date of one year or less.
Remember, too, that while it is sensible to expect the French banking system to come under the most intense pressure in the event of a strong Le Pen showing, it is not impossible for a euro zone bank funding crunch to start elsewhere and spread. All that matters, ultimately, is that intra-euro zone liabilities grow at a rate alarming to the creditors at a time when there are valid questions about the future of the single currency.
Again, all of this is unlikely. Le Pen may not win, and if they do, once in office may see sense in stepping back from a policy that would beggar a substantial number of French citizens.
A small bank run may do the trick, and the ECB and German authorities may play along for a while to see if it does. Small bank runs, however, are nobody's idea of a good way to keep the euro project together.
Politics over the past year, however, have been extraordinarily unpredictable in prospect, and grimly predictable in retrospect. France may be no different. (At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article. They may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund. You can email them at jamessaft@jamessaft.com and find more columns at blogs.reuters.com/james-saft) (Editing by Dan Grebler)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
(Adds details from report, economist quote, background)
OTTAWA, April 10 Canadian housing starts jumped in March to their highest level in nearly a decade on a sharp rise for multifamily buildings, defying expectations of a slowdown, data showed on Monday.
The seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing starts rose to 253,720 units from February, the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp said. That topped economists' forecasts of 215,000. February was revised slightly higher to 214,253 units.
March's starts were at the highest level since September 2007, CMHC said. Multifamily starts jumped to 164,321 from 126,791, while single-family construction rose to 89,399 from 87,464.
Economists, who had expected housing starts to cool this year, said the strength in the first quarter could lend more support to the economy than anticipated.
"A strong start to 2017 building sets the stage for continued momentum in residential investment, something we hadn't been counting on when we first outlined our annual forecast," CIBC Economics economist Nick Exarhos said in a note.
Still, the Bank of Canada is not likely to change its dovish tone when it makes its interest rate decision at its meeting on Wednesday, Exarhos said.
The central bank is widely expected to keep rates at 0.50 percent, where they have been since the bank cut twice in 2015. While some have said low borrowing costs are contributing to the rise in Canadian home prices, Governor Stephen Poloz said recently that low rates were not fueling housing speculation.
The increase in March starts was widespread.
In Vancouver, where prices began to cool last year as the provincial government brought in a tax on foreign buyers, starts jumped to 30,437 from 18,123.
Construction starts in British Columbia as a whole rose to 44,725 from 27,904.
In Toronto, where accelerating prices have prompted some to call the market a bubble, starts climbed to 53,021 from 36,389. Although the increase came from multifamily starts, construction of single-detached homes has been trending higher since the end of last summer, CMHC said. For Ontario, overall starts rose to 88,841 from 83,891.
With low supply seen as one of the factors behind rising prices in Toronto, increased construction could help alleviate worries of a lack of affordability. Federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau and Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa are set to meet to discuss the issue. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by W Simon and Lisa Von Ahn)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
ZAGREB, April 2 Indebted Croatian food concern Agrokor has signed a standstill agreement in an effort to stabilise its business, the company's spokesperson said on Sunday.
On Friday, a group of creditors, involving two top Russian banks and Croatian units of banks from Austria and Italy, said that they had agreed with Agrokor in principle on the main elements of a standstill agreement.
"Agrokor has signed the agreement," the spokesperson said but declined to go into details.
Agrokor, the largest private firm in Croatia and the biggest employer in the Balkans with around 60,000 workers, built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.44 billion), or six times its equity, as it expanded rapidly. ($1 = 6.9841 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Our country's unique wetlands are in crisis according to environmentalists and hold particular concerns about the Whangamarino wetland in Waikato.
Internationally recognised for its biodiversity, the wetland is now being overrun with pets and flushed with polluted water from a channel from nearby Lake Waikare, which is for flood management.
Conservation group Forest and Bird says last year thousands of fish washed up dead and the wetland is inundated with the pest fish Koi carp which can thrive in bad water quality and destroy native plant and wildlife habitat.
"One of New Zealand's most polluted lakes is flowing into Whangamarino wetlands. That flow is happening so rapidly. It's causing issues for native wildlife here," Annabeth Cohen from Forest and Bird told 1 NEWS.
Locals say this area used to be bursting with native wildlife but now that It's almost constantly flooded, the vegetation can't grow, meaning there's nothing for the birds to eat and any of the small ones that do come along, are often eaten by the Koi carp.
The Waikato Regional Council says the channel is essential and historically water from the lake naturally reached the wetlands. However, steps are underway to improve water quality.
"To help prevent sediment and nutrients from reaching the lake, some fringe wetlands are being restored to enhance the habitat," Matthew Davis from the Waikato Regional Council said.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
HONG KONG, March 28 A period of severe turmoil is facing the securities research industry as a new regulatory overhaul threatens the way investment research is done.
Online portals, in particular, are set to gain market share at the expense of major "bulge bracket" investment banks.
"The global investment research market is on the cusp of major disruption," said Benjamin Quinlan, CEO of Quinlan and Associates and author of a report on the challenges facing the research sector.
Forcing the change are new rules, known as Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, or MiFID II, due to take effect next January and aiming to make European securities markets more transparent.
A key aspect of these rules is that investment banks must charge fund managers an explicit fee for research rather than bundling the cost into trading commissions charged to clients, as at present.
Though banks have scrambled to reorganize their research functions by focusing on top-tier clients to minimize costs, rolling out proprietary portals, or adopting a model where clients pay for research depending on what they need, analysts say the sheer volume produced on a daily basis means the research effort has a long way to go before becoming efficient.
For example, about 40,000 research reports are produced every week by the world's top 15 global investment banks, of which less than 1 percent are actually read by investors, according to Quinlan.
More than 30 analysts cover HSBC <0005.HK on a regular basis, though only 11 of them have a rating of three stars or above even though it is a key factor of consideration by many global fund managers.
Though the immediate impact of the Mifid II rules will be in Europe, with a recent Greenwich Study predicting a cut of $100 million by European money managers in their research budgets annually.
In recent months, global investment banks such as Standard Chartered, CLSA, Jefferies and Barclays among others have retrenched staff or completely pulled back from their equity research and sales businesses in some markets.
At Credit Suisse's annual conference on Tuesday, Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam said the bank will continue with restructuring in the Asian equities business which will result in some more reduction in headcount.
"The (equities) platform has to be of the size that's commensurate with the demand today not with the demand in five years or 10 years," Thiam said.
Some independent research platforms making their presence felt in Asia has been seen in recent months, such as Smartkarma's tie up with Société Générale last year, but their business model is still aimed at filling existing gaps rather than snatching market share.
"Both managers and brokers will need to think long and hard about how they engage with the new marketplace," Quinlan said. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Eric Meijer)
PASSIONATE aged care advocate Heather Mansell-Brown will hold an aged care crisis meeting in Bundaberg to give nursing staff and families an opportunity to voice their concerns.
The announcement comes just a week after results of an audit of Blue Care Pioneer Lodge found it had failed its residents.
The audit result comes after the NewsMail reported on an alleged leaked memo from the Pioneer facility in early December.
The memo said an Australian Aged Care Quality inspector had uncovered serious breaches at the facility during a spot inspection.
At the time Queensland Nurses Union acting secretary Sandra Eales said the Blue Care memo reported finding a resident hanging out of bed calling for help.
At the time Blue Care refuted claims residents were suffering due to understaffing.
But last week a Blue Care press release put the blame on a small number of staff members.
Ms Mansell-Brown said Blue Care's response was poor.
"Why blame the staff?" they said
"Staff are not the problem, management is."
The Blue Care fiasco is the latest in a string of controversies that have dogged the Bundaberg aged care industry.
In February last year, Ms Mansell-Brown described a May 2015 phone call they received from their husband's aged care facility, TriCare Bundaberg, asking them to travel from their home in Woodgate to Bundaberg to help clean him.
"He was left on the veranda, covered in their own faeces, for residents and visitors to see," they said at the time.
Ms Mansell-Brown's complaints opened the floodgates for wider concerns about aged care and sparked an ongoing national discussion about the issue.
Ms Mansell-Brown is calling for a royal commission into aged care and mandatory staff ratios.
"Until we get more staff on the floor we are going to find more debacles happening," they said.
"There are some very good aged care facilities with brilliant staff but they are all getting tarnished by these rogues."
Ms Mansell-Brown said the aged crisis meeting on March 15 will be one of many scheduled across the country and they said Hinkler MP Keith Pitt had been invited.
"The more we dig the dirtier it is getting," they said.
"The government needs to be held accountable."
A spokesperson for Mr Pitt said they would not be in Bundaberg the day of the meeting, but would send a representative.
The spokesperson said Mr Pitt met with Aged Care Minister Ken Wyatt in Canberra in December to discuss a number of constituent issues around aged care.
The aged care crisis meeting will be held at 6.30pm, Thursday, March 15, at the Bundaberg Bowls Club.
CHICAGO The credit rating for Bridgeview, Illinois, fell into the junk level on Friday after S&P Global Ratings hit the Chicago suburb with a four-notch downgrade to BB-minus.
S&P cited debt pressures on Bridgeview, which issued $135 million of general obligation (GO) bonds in 2005 for a stadium that it owns and manages.
"The downgrade reflects our view that the village will continue to face acute business, financial, and economic uncertainties related to its debt burden, particularly the debt issued for its Toyota Park stadium," S&P analyst Blake Yocom said in a statement.
S&P placed the junk rating on a watch list for a possible further downgrade due to concerns over potentially reduced market access and weakened liquidity for Bridgeview.
Steve Landek, Bridgeview's mayor, said they believed the downgrade was triggered by a plan the suburb was considering to restructure $24.5 million of variable-rate bonds to a fixed-rate mode with a 2047 maturity. They said Bridgeview would come up with a better plan over the next 90 days.
The credit rating agency said it expects Bridgeview, which has used restructurings in the past to ease debt service payments and minimize property tax hikes, to continue the practice, possibly pushing bond maturities out to years beyond the useful life of the stadium.
It added that the "underperforming" stadium has left the suburb with an "extremely high" GO debt burden that totals about $256 million and "very weak" liquidity.
With seating for as many as 28,000, Toyota Park, which opened in 2006, hosts soccer games, concerts and other events in the village of 17,000 located southwest of Chicago.
(Reporting by Karen Pierog; editing by Lisa Shumaker)
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
A map illustrating China's silk road economic belt and the 21st century maritime silk road, or the so-called ''One Belt, One Road'' megaproject, is displayed at the Asian Financial Forum in Hong Kong, China January 18, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
BEIJING Projects along China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans, the EU's top diplomat said on Thursday, as China's prepares its first summit dedicated to the ambitious plan to link Asia, Africa and Europe.
President Xi Jinping has championed what China calls the "One Belt, One Road" initiative involving billions of dollars of investment in infrastructure including roads, railways, ports and power grids.
"Obviously, for us it is essential that the opportunities are opened up for all including Europeans," the EU's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, told students at the elite Tsinghua University in Beijing.
"I know that some in the world are concerned about a more confident and outward looking China. I do not share this view," they said.
Representatives of 110 countries, including most Asian leaders, will gather in Beijing next month for the New Silk Road summit, China's biggest diplomatic event of the year.
China has sought to improve ties with 16 Central and Eastern Europe countries directly under an initiative launched in November 2016, dubbed "16+1", to fund mostly infrastructure development in Europe.
China and the European Union should promote a "positive signal" of economic globalisation and free and fair trade, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang told Mogherini on Tuesday.
Mogherini and China's top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, spoke on Tuesday about the need to work together on hot-spot issues including North Korea and Syria, as well as the need to avoid protectionism.
Since U.S. President Donald Trump took office, China has made overtures towards boosting cooperation with the EU to guard against any protectionist "American First" policies under Trump, European diplomats have said.
Europe's climate commissioner said last month that China and the EU could not expect the same leadership from the Trump administration, after the U.S. president moved to undo the climate change regulations of their predecessor, Barack Obama.
But China's cheap steel exports, crackdown on rights activists, a restrictive new law on foreign non-governmental organizations and assertiveness in the South China Sea threaten prospects of warming relations with Europe.
President Xi has made a vigorous defence of globalisation and painted a picture of China as a "wide open" economy, but foreign business groups complain that China discriminates by limiting access to the Chinese market.
The EU has been looking to sign a bilateral investment treaty with China since 2012, a deal that would make it easier for European companies to do business in China and replace trade deals between China and separate countries.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Afghans, whose asylum applications have been rejected, arrive from Germany in Kabul airport, Afghanistan December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
BERLIN Germany approved just under 48 percent of asylum applications from Afghan migrants in the first two months of 2017, down from close to 78 percent in 2015, the Passauer Neue Presse German newspaper reported on Sunday.
The newspaper, citing a response from the German interior ministry to a parliamentary query by the Left party, said the government rejected 14,403 of the 27,639 asylum applications considered in January and February.
It said the approval rate had dropped to just over 60 percent in 2016 and fallen further this year. The rate is lower than the 55 percent identified by German Chancellor Angela Merkel this month.
News of the drop comes after a report that thousands of former Taliban fighters may have entered Germany over the past two years among an influx of more than a million migrants and refugees, prompting investigations by federal prosecutors.
Ulla Jelpke, a Left party lawmaker, criticised the government's tougher stance on asylum approvals for Afghan migrants at a time when the security situation was worsening.
"It's a result of political orders to increase deportations and send a warning signal," they told the newspaper.
Merkel's government, under fire for allowing in large numbers of migrants, especially after several militant attacks linked to migrants last year, has been actively deporting groups of rejected Afghan asylum-seekers.
Merkel, seeking a fourth term in a Sept. 24 election, this month defended increased deportations of rejected Afghan asylum-seekers, saying all other European Union countries were doing the same.
At the time, they said about 55 percent of Afghans were granted refugee status in Germany.
A fifth planeload of Afghans is due to be deported back to Afghanistan on Monday, the newspaper said.
The cost of the first four flights was estimated at 1.3 million euros ($1.4 million), it said, citing a government response to a query by the Greens party. Those costs are covered by EU border protection agency Frontex.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Dale Hudson)
* Dollar index hits 10-day high
* Euro falls to 15-day low
* Treasury yield spike, technical trading prompt euro selloff (Recasts throughout; updates to afternoon U.S. trading)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, March 30 The dollar rose on Thursday as a combination of technical trading and a theme of strong U.S. economic data and potential weakness in the euro zone weighed down the continental currency.
Analysts said the euro falling below a technically important level around $1.07 against the dollar triggered orders by traders to sell, pushing the currency lower against the greenback. That helped sink it to $1.0686, its lowest since March 15.
That move added to the dollar's gains against a basket of major currencies, which was trading modestly higher before the euro's selloff. The index rose to a 10-day high of 100.42.
It was the combination of selling at around $1.07, U.S. Treasury bond yields hitting session highs and higher crude prices boosting oil-linked currencies that cracked the resistance level in the euro, said Thierry Albert Wizman, global interest rates and currencies strategist at Macquarie Limited, citing information from their trading desk.
The euro had already been trading lower thanks to data released earlier in the day that showed German and Spanish consumer inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March, prompting worries that sluggish growth in the euro zone could persist.
In the United States, gross domestic product grew faster than previously reported in the fourth quarter of last year thanks to robust consumer spending, the Commerce Department said.
Those bits of fundamental data had investors ready to buy the dollar and sell the euro, and the break in the euro's price gave them a reason to do so, analysts said.
"Most of the market thought that the dollar had gotten too undervalued after last week and were just waiting for it to bounce," said Greg Anderson, global head of foreign exchange strategy at BMO Capital Markets. "Once it was clear that it bounced they were going to jump in and buy it or (sell the euro)." (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by David Gregorio and Chizu Nomiyama)
H2GO: Gladstone Mayor Matt Burnett, Gladstone MP Glenn Butcher, Burnett MP Stephen Bennett and Gladstone council water boss Glenn Cook at the new treatment plant.
SQUEAKY clean water is now flowing for the people of Miriam Vale.
The town's $3 million water treatment plant is fully operational, delivering improved water to residents.
Gladstone Mayor Matt Burnett said they were pleased to see the facility operating.
"The new Miriam Vale water treatment plant targets a number of specific water issues which were beyond the capability of the original plant to negate,” Cr Burnett said.
Cr Burnett said the plant was already solving previous water issues experienced by Miriam Vale residents.
"The new plant removes iron, manganese and algae by-products from the raw water it sources and also reduces turbidity levels during and following wet weather, something which we are able to put to the test recently due to the heavy rains caused by ex-tropical cyclone Debbie,” they said.
The water plant was funded through the state government's Building Our Regions program.
The Miriam Vale project received 50% of eligible costs in state government funding, a small part of the $70 million program.
Mercer has over 20 years of experience in the telecommunications industry
Pangea has appointed Nicola Mercer (pictured) as IoT channel partner manager to continue its drive for service excellence and business growth.
 They are tasked with supporting partner management and business development for the London-based IoT specialist.
Mercer has over 20 years of experience in telecommunications industry notably having spent seven years with O2 in a number of senior management positions. They were tasked with developing new lines of revenue for telecommunications partners, establishing marketing strategies, and growing relationships.
Mercer spent two years at multinational conglomerate Honeywell as enterprise account manager, then over a year with M2M specialist ASL Holdings.
Commenting on their appointment, Mercer said: “The rapid rate in which the Channel moves forward—from my early days of selling mobile phones, complete with all the limitations of XDAs and Blackberrys, right through to the recent explosion of IoT—encapsulates why I embrace working within telecoms industry.”
“Joining the Pangea team marks an exciting start of a new journey, and I wholeheartedly share their belief that best approach to supporting end to end IoT solutions is through partnership.”
Pangea MD Dan Cunliffe added: “Nicky has amassed a great wealth of experience around business development, and I'm in no doubt that our partners will benefit immensely from having them on the team.”
“She's a very strong leader, brings plenty of enthusiasm, and will be key in helping our partners make the most of the IoT opportunity.”
May 2 Caribbean Utilities Company Ltd
* Cuc announces first quarter results for the period ended March 31 2017
* Operating income for q1 2017 totalled $5.4 million, an increase of $0.3 million
* Sales for q1 totalled 136.6 million kwh increase of 1.0 million kwh in comparison to 135.6 million kwh for q1 2016 Further company coverage:
(Adds comment from GAM)
By Joshua Franklin
ZURICH, April 10 Activist investor RBR Capital Advisors on Monday accused Swiss asset manager GAM Holding of not taking its cost-cutting and board proposals seriously enough.
A GAM spokesperson responded that RBR had meetings in December and February with Chief Executive Alexander Friedman, GAM's finance chief and its chairperson at which RBR's plans were discussed. RBR declined further meetings with the CEO, they said.
RBR, which says it owns close to 5 percent of GAM shares, is publicly campaigning for GAM to cut costs by 100 million Swiss francs ($99.1 million), appoint three new board members and a new chairperson, and replace Friedman.
"GAM's board of directors has not yet responded to RBR, even to indicate whether the reports have been discussed and reviewed," the Swiss hedge fund said in an open letter to shareholders.
"Furthermore, the current GAM Board has not interviewed any of the proposed RBR candidates. We are disappointed that the GAM board has seemingly not taken our suggestions and work more seriously or even bothered to interview our highly qualified candidates."
In an invitation to the company's annual general meeting on April 27, Zurich-based GAM last week urged shareholders to reject RBR's proposals.
Friedman also said last week the cost-cutting proposals from could endanger the Swiss asset manager's future.
RBR said on March 30 it will scrap its plans if it does not get enough shareholder backing.
($1 = 1.0091 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Michael Shields)
Something serious had to be going down.
A harmless photo opportunity involving shovels and shirt-sleeves was there for the taking, but the Taoiseach cried off at short notice. They had been due to face the cameras with Ministers Eoghan Murphy and Paschal Donohoe.
When reporters rang to ask why Leo Varadkar couldn't attend the good news announcement in Dublin's O'Devaney Gardens, a Government spokesperson explained they couldn't do the gig with the lads because their flight from America had been delayed.
The Labour Party leader was unaware of this when Leaders' Questions commenced in the Dáil at midday. “Where were you this morning?” demanded Brendan Howlin of the Taoiseach.
“This morning I came off a plane at 1.30 from New York, so that's where I was.”
The tasty photo-op was scheduled for 10am.
Presuming they meant their flight departed at 1.30am Irish time, they could have made the gig if they really wanted to.
That excuse has a slight ring of fake news of it.
Here's the truth.
Leo Varadkar was at home, on the phone, frantically searching for the run of himself, which they have a worrying habit of losing when they travel abroad.
What was it this time, sez you?
They only went and insulted the media, and political journalists in particular.
It happened at a lunch where they were trying to impress a group of high-flying young Irish men and women who are making it in New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made of, etc.
Trailblazing media, money and techie types. Leo's kind of people. They get them. Then they go and rat them out to journalists.
They also get Donald Trump, or at least they get the president's irritation with the media and “sympathises” with him. The Donald get no breaks with these media bums. And Leo knows how they feel.
Dangerous
Leo gets it. But they don't appear to get how dangerous the Trump rhetoric is for truth and democracy.
The Taoiseach sees hacks hanging around Leinster House in packs looking for stories. Did you ever know the like? As the Donald would say, and Leo concurred on this point over lunch with the happening youth, they aren't interested in the truth. Although when a politician says a journalist isn't interested in the truth it's usually because that politician can't handle the truth.
Earlier this year in the Dáil they accused one newspaper of peddling fake news. It wasn't. But that doesn't matter. And in January, in Davos, they revealed their sneaking regard for Trump's attitude to serious journalism.
Anyhow, when news of the latest thrilling episode of Taoiseach on Tour hit town, the Leinster House reporters did their best to appear hugely annoyed. Amid fears tablets would have to be administered to bring down the abnormally high levels of dudgeon among the ranks, Varadkar moved to diffuse the situation while their opposition counterparts shamelessly milked it.
The Fianna Fáil leader talked about the homelessness crisis, blasting the government for the lack of urgency and delivery in its response to it. They cited the many announcements made about various schemes “and the media was very fair to you” and “they reported you faithfully”. Along the way, they craftily stitched in references to the media and its sympathetic treatment of him.
Mary Lou McDonald abandoned any attempt to introduce a masking issue and went straight in with a few haymakers on their reported remarks on the Irish media. “You have confirmed in part these remarks that you are in sympathy with president Donald Trump and that you believe that Irish journalists have no interest in the truth.”
For all the things they were saying now about context and the rest they believed “you simply wanted to have a go”.
Handwritten notes
The Taoiseach came prepared with a large page covered in tiny handwritten notes, complete with big inky bullet points and shaky lines drawn around particular sentences.
When they got a chance to reply, they said their piece. “I profoundly regret if anyone in the country thinks that in any way that I don't support a free press or don't respect the work of journalists.” Cornerstone of democracy, and all that.
Although the media is not above reproach or criticism, they stressed. Which is proper order.
No, it's people like Donald Trump, or those who share their views on the media, who want to be beyond reproach.
Leo is irked that what they said was leaked. “I'd like to be able to respect the privacy of that event, but obviously that isn't now possible.”  They are annoyed that what they said at the lunch was taken out of context, although people in Leinster House on Tuesday were puzzling over what context Trump's views on the media might be acceptable.
They were also puzzled by their comments about the Irish media trivialising the news and chasing tittle-tattle and gossip. (Some of us have to do it.) Leo seems to find this very distasteful. This amused Micheál Martin hugely.
Gossip
Too many political journalists interested in gossip? “I mean, former taoiseach Enda Kenny would have been very interested in hearing that because they considered you quite notorious in feeding the rumour mill in Leinster House on an ongoing basis with journalists and you weren't remiss in that regard.”
How very true.
The incident also gave Willie O'Dea a chance to roll out their indignation to its fullest extent. “Absolutely flabbergasted,” they spluttered on the plinth, expressing their concern about the Taoiseach's seeming support for “Donál” Trump's view of the meddlesome media. As for people trivialising politics: “This is a guy who organised a photo of themselves putting a spoon in their dishwasher.”
When we throw in fun runs and gym kits and posing with animals and novelty socks, Leo really finds themselves up to their oxters in pot calling the kettle black territory.
How did the Taoiseach get themselves into such a pickle? For all their media savvy, when meeting a group of media savvy young people, they didn't think their remarks would get out. The same thing happened Boris Johnson recently, and he's supposed to be very intelligent too.
Above everything, Leo seemed miffed that they were caught out.
Of course, we're all rather hurt now. How could you do this to us, Leo? You know how sensitive we are.
Indeed, this has been a most difficult sketch to write.
It is practically impossible to type while clutching your pearls and reaching for the smelling salts.
I'm off to lie down in a darkened room.
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
SEATTLE, April 10 Boeing Co hired Norsk Titanium AS to print the first structural titanium parts for its 787 Dreamliner, the Norwegian 3-D printing company said on Monday, paving the way to cost savings of $2 million to $3 million for each plane.
The contract is a major step in Boeing's effort to cut the cost of its barely profitable 787 and a sign of growing industrial acceptance of 3-D printing technology, which is replacing more expensive traditional ways of manufacturing components.
Strong, lightweight titanium alloy is seven times more costly than aluminum, and accounts for about $17 million of the cost of a $265 million Dreamliner, industry sources say.
Boeing has been trying to reduce the cost of titanium on the 787, which requires more of the metal than other models because of its carbon-fiber composite fuselage and wings. Titanium also is used extensively on Airbus Group SE's carbon-fiber A350.
"This means $2 million to $3 million in savings for each Dreamliner, at least," starting in 2018, Chip Yates, Norsk Titanium's vice president of marketing, said in a telephone interview.
Norsk worked with Boeing for more than a year to design four 787 parts and obtain Federal Aviation Administration certification for them.
Norsk expects the U.S. regulatory agency will approve the material properties and production process for the parts later this year, which would "open up the floodgates" and allow Norsk to print thousands of different parts for each Dreamliner, without each part requiring separate FAA approval, Yates said.
"You're talking about tons, literally," on the 787 that would be printed instead of made with traditional, expensive forging and machining, they said. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
U.S. 30-YEAR TREASURY YIELD ON TRACK FOR LARGEST WEEKLY RISE SINCE NOVEMBER 2016 - REUTERS DATA
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28 Bertelsmann CEO in news conference
* Says long-term investors such as pension funds, family offices could be partners for Penguin Random House stake
* Says currently not in talks with potential investors for Penguin Random House
* Says sees no reason to sell more shares in RTL Group or other companies Further company coverage:
Apr 10 (Reuters) Fukuoka Reit Corp FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months ended Feb 28, 2017 ended Aug 31, 2016 to Aug 31, 2017 to Feb 28, 2018 LATEST PRIOR COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST FORECAST Revenues 9.73 8.23 8.11 8.13 (+18.2 pct ) (-1.3 pct ) (-16.7 pct ) (+0.2 pct ) Net 4.20 938 mln 2.54 2.59 (+347.5 pct ) (-64.8 pct ) (-39.5 pct ) (+2.1 pct ) Div 3,398 yen 1,256 yen 3,400 yen 3,470 yen To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=8968.T
HONG KONG An Andy Warhol portrait of former Chinese leader Chairman Mao Zedong has sold for $12.6 million at a Hong Kong auction, less than the $15 million it was expected to fetch.
The painting was sold to a private Asian collector at Sotheby's evening sale on Sunday.
Warhol began their series of silk-screen portraits of Mao in 1972 when ties between then Cold War foes China and the United States began to thaw after U.S. President Richard Nixon's historic trip to Beijing.
(Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Michael Perry)
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
April 10 Shenzhen Ysstech Info-tech Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 800 percent to 825 percent, or to be 14.6 million yuan to 15 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (1.6 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business and increased investment income are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/5anwCh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Swedish Orphan Biovitrum
* Q1 total revenue was SEK 1,396 mln (1,273)
* Says Q1 revenues grew 10 per cent overall, and by 47 percent adjusted for the one-time credit of SEK 322 million received in Q1 2016.
* Q1 product revenue was SEK 1,269 mln (1,108)
* Q1 gross margin was 74 per cent (74)
* Q1 EBITA was SEK 406 mln (502)
* Says outlook for 2017 is unchanged Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
Donald Trump Jr. is being paid $100,000 to give a speech at a Texas university. The fee is double what they made when their father was not the president.
The Trump family is certainly milking it for all its worth.
Donald Trump Jr. is being paid $100,000 to give a speech at University of North Texas — a fee that is double what they earned when their father was not the president.
In July, Trump Jr. signed a contract with the University of North Texas for its Kuehne Speaker Series. The event, that will be held on Oct. 24, will include a 30-minute speech by Trump Jr. and a half-hour question-and-answer session in exchange for $100,000, said the student newspaper, North Texas Daily.
Trump Jr.'s speaking fee is non-refundable.
Aside from this, the president's eldest son will attend a dinner the night before, a VIP reception before the event and a VIP breakfast the next day. They will also get $5,000 in food, travel and lodging accommodations.
The speaker series' primary sponsor is the tax-services firm Ryan, which is led by a major Republican donor and the Denton university's alumni, G. Brint Ryan.
“I don't think we've paid that much before,” Ryan said of Trump Jr.'s stipend. However, they added, “The fee is not important — what's important is the net result. This is not a deal to sponsor Donald Trump Jr. This is an effort to raise as much money as possible for scholarships.”
Trump's eldest son works as the executive vice president of the Trump Organization but because they are not a formal member of the White House, their speaking engagements do not violate any laws.
However, they are still the focus of a federal investigation into the possible collusion of Russia into Trump's presidential campaign. This draws attention to the question whether their speeches can be used to influence Trump and their organization.
Trump Jr., as well as their father, has also been critical of paid speeches given By Hillary and Bill Clinton during the 2016 election campaign.
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That's a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 20, 2016
But after Bill gave a 6 figure speech there State dept under HRC did sell Russia 20% of US uranium stocks #paytoplay https://t.co/49DlaYgmwd — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) November 1, 2016
Trump Jr. is not the only Trump child to benefit from their father's presidency. Ivanka Trump, Trump's favorite child, also tried to auction off a private coffee “date” to benefit they Eric Trump's Foundation. The auction was later canceled.
Read More Donald Trump Jr. Spent Earth Day Hunting Prairie Dogs
Banner/Thumbnail: Reuters, Carlos Barria
April 10 United Continental Holdings Inc :
* United Continental Holdings Inc - sees UAL first-quarter consolidated PRASM about ¢12.00 per asm
* United Continental Holdings Inc - sees UAL Q1 cargo revenue $205 - $225 million
* United Continental Holdings Inc sees UAL Q1 gross capital expenditures in range of $1,350 million - $1,370 million
* United Continental Holdings Inc - in Q1 of 2017, year-over-year mainline completion factor was approximately 1.0 point higher for UAL
* United Continental Holdings Inc - sees UAL Q1 consolidated revenue passenger miles 47.6 million, up 2.2pct
* United Continental Holdings Inc - sees UAL Q1 consolidated available seat miles 59.8 million, up 2.6pct
* United Continental Holdings Inc - sees UAL Q1 consolidated passenger load factor 79.6pct, down 0.3 pts Source text:(bit.ly/2ok8p4C) Further company coverage:
Hedge fund Sarissa Capital Management LP on Thursday sought a sharp cut in the compensation of Innoviva Inc's (INVA.O) chief executive, the latest salvo by the activist investor in its proxy fight against the drug company.
Sarissa has nominated three directors to Innoviva's board and criticized the company's cost structure, as well as executive compensation, considering that it only manages drug royalties and does not market or sell any products.
Sarissa, run by billionaire investor Carl Icahn's former healthcare lieutenant, also called for a pay cut for Innoviva's board members.
The fund has a 2.72 percent stake in Innoviva, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Innoviva, which has a market valuation of $1.5 billion as of Wednesday's close, had 14 employees as of 2016, according to its annual filing.
The company has seven board members.
The compensation paid to the company's chief executive, Michael Aguiar, should be reduced to below $500,000 per year, Sarissa said on Thursday. (bit.ly/2okYJoA)
Aguiar's total compensation in 2015 was $3.56 million, according to a regulatory filing. (bit.ly/2mStPH3)
Sarissa also said the compensation paid to Innoviva's board members should be reduced to below $200,000.
In a letter to its shareholders on Wednesday, Innoviva said its strategy was working and that Sarissa had launched an "unnecessary and distracting" proxy fight to replace a near majority of directors.
Sarissa's strategy of "arbitrary, aggressive cost cutting recently occurred – and spectacularly failed – at a similar company Enzon Pharmaceuticals Inc", which was eventually forced to delist, Innoviva said.
Innoviva's annual shareholder meeting is scheduled for April 20.
The company's shares were up 2.3 percent at $13.74 in afternoon trading.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Savio D'Souza and Sriraj Kalluvila)
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
LONDON/WASHINGTON The story headlined "London terrorism suspect was on Gaza flotilla ship in 2010 - sources", published on April 28 is withdrawn and no substitute story will now be published.
The story has been withdrawn because Reuters was unable to confirm that Khalid Omar Ali was aboard the Mavi Marmara in May 2010 which the Mavi Marmara organisers expressly deny. There will be no substitute story.
STORY_NUMBER: L8N1I07PP
STORY_DATE: 28/04/2017
April 10 Hub Group Inc:
* Hub Group Inc announces first quarter 2017 earnings expectations
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $1.60 to $1.80
* Sees Q1 2017 earnings per share $0.30 to $0.32
* Hub Group Inc - hub segment truck brokerage revenue is expected to increase between 30 pct and 32 pct year-over-year in Q1
* Hub Group Inc - experiencing a "soft" pricing environment due primarily to excess truck capacity and extraordinarily aggressive intermodal pricing
* Hub Group Inc - expect unyson revenue to be up between 20pct and 22pct year-over-year in Q1
* Hub Group Inc - expected Q1 earnings include one-time costs of approximately $1.5 million or $0.03 per share
* Hub Group Inc - sees estimated operating expenses will range between $84.2 million and $84.6 million for quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Hub Group Inc - expect revenue will increase between 10 pct and 12 pct in Q1 compared to last year
* Hub Group Inc - "primary factor affecting earnings in Q1 lies within our intermodal business line" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka speaks during the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
PRAGUE Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka shocked Czechs on Tuesday by saying they and their cabinet would resign to resolve a dispute with their billionaire finance minister, a huge gamble before an election due in October.
The move creates an uncertain political situation in which President Milos Zeman will need to decide the next move. It follows growing tensions over past financial dealings by Finance Minister Andrej Babis, whose centrist ANO movement leads opinion polls by a double-digit margin.
"I cannot as prime minister further bear responsibility for a situation where a person whose past is unclear is in the position of finance minister," Sobotka told reporters.
"Therefore I am taking the only reasonable solution, which is that the government resigns."
Babis, who denies wrongdoing, said on Facebook: "I am surprised... It is a desperate step by a desperate person."
The resignation opens up a variety of scenarios in the European Union and NATO member state. They include: the appointment of a new cabinet formed by the same three-party centre-left coalition; a caretaker cabinet; an early election; or the current cabinet staying in power until October despite having resigned.
The government has presided over three years of economic growth and posted a rare budget surplus last year. It was poised to be the first Czech cabinet to serve a full four-year term since 2002.
Czech markets were calm, with the crown unmoved against the euro after a brief blip and bonds supported by inclusion into JP Morgan's emerging markets index, which means index-tracking investors will need to buy them for their portfolios. [
BUSINESS EMPIRE
Babis, who built the Agrofert chemicals and media group into the country's biggest private company, has been under fire for months due to their past business dealings.
Authorities have been looking into legal loopholes Babis used to buy tax-free bonds from their firm several years ago, and into EU subsidies awarded to a company ultimately acquired by Babis for building a conference and leisure centre outside Prague.
Babis transferred Agrofert to a trust fund earlier this year to comply with new conflict-of-interest legislation.
They said they did not understand Sobotka's decision, saying it damaged the work of the whole cabinet. They argued that the best solution would be for the cabinet to stay in place until the October election. This is possible under the constitution, if the president does not appoint a new administration.
Babis is the country's second most popular politician after Zeman. The president has had good relations with Babis and poor relations with Sobotka, making the prime minister's gamble all the more risky for them and their Social Democrats.
Vladimír Bartovic, director of the EUROPEUM think tank, said Sobotka had faced unsavoury options: leaving Babis in place and looking weak, or making them look like a scapegoat.
"It is like a drowning man grasping for a straw," they said. "I think voters will not understand this step and it will not help the Social Democrats."
Sobotka said Babis had damaged the cabinet's image. They said firing the minister and leaving the cabinet in place - a solution that seemed likely in recent days - would only help Babis to portray themselves as a martyr, and therefore the full cabinet's resignation was the way to go.
Sobotka said they would seek a meeting with Zeman to agree timing for the resignation and further steps. They said the coalition could possibly be recreated without Babis as minister, or the election could be held earlier.
The decision hands large power to Zeman, who can choose a prime minister of their liking. In 2013 they appointed their ally Jiri Rusnok -- now the head of the central bank -- as caretaker prime minister against the wishes of most political parties.
(Additinoal reporting by Jason Hovet and Petra Vodstrcilova; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
BAGHDAD Islamic State stepped up attacks on Iraqi army positions near the border with Syria, killing seven soldiers and wounding 12 in two attacks staged on Sunday and Tuesday, military sources said.
Islamic State has been fighting since October a U.S.-backed offensive in Mosul, the largest city that fell under its control in both Syria and Iraq.
Four soldiers were killed and four wounded on Tuesday in an army position near Rutba, a town that controls the access to both the Syrian and Jordanian borders, the sources said.
Three soldiers were killed and eight wounded on Sunday in Akkashat, north of Rutba, near the Syrian border, they said. Islamic State has already claimed the attack on Akkashat.
The border area with Syria is an historic hotbed of the hardline Sunni insurgency sparked by 2003's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, which empowered the oil-rich nation's Shi'ite majority.
Islamic State, the latest embodiment of this insurgency, overran a third of Iraq in 2014, declaring from the northern city of Mosul a "caliphate" that also spanned parts of Syria.
The militants have been dislodged from most cities they had captured and are now besieged in a northwestern corner of Mosul.
(Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed; Editing by Catherine Evans)
OTTAWA The timetable for renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement is slipping, and Canada has no idea when the U.S. administration will start the process, a senior Canadian official said on Thursday.
President Donald Trump says NAFTA has been a disaster for U.S. workers and is threatening to withdraw from the pact unless major changes are made. They must give Congress 90 days' notice under trade law before beginning formal talks.
"Obviously the 90-day notice period has not been given yet so it (giving notice) is slipping somewhat. I have no idea when it will happen," said David MacNaughton, Canada's ambassador to the United States, and a key player on the file.
"I keep being assured it's imminent but imminent seems to be dragging on ... we can't control the U.S. process," they told reporters after a private meeting of cabinet ministers and senior officials to discuss the talks.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on March 30 they hoped to start the 90-day countdown by April 7.
Trump though does not have a chief trade negotiator in place. In Washington, the Senate Finance Committee on Thursday delayed a scheduled vote on the president's nominee for the job and members will not be able to address the matter again until April 24 at the earliest.
Canadian officials say privately they have little idea what the administration intends to do about NAFTA.
Although Trump said in February they only wanted to tweak U.S.-Canadian trade, some ideas circulating among policymakers in Washington could badly harm Canada's economy, such as a border tariff and a Buy American policy.
MacNaughton said they did not think a border tax would be imposed, on the grounds that such a measure would cut U.S. jobs and hike the prices for products.
Former Conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, a driving force behind the 1994 trilateral deal with the United States and Mexico, said the talks would be tough, especially when it came to rules of origin and mechanisms to settle investor disputes.
"It will be extremely difficult," they said after addressing the private meeting.
Asked whether the likely changes would amount to more than Trump's promised tweak, they replied: "I think so."
Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has turned to Mulroney to help smooth ties with Trump and protect exports.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
May 3 KANCERA AB
* DECIDED TO CARRY OUT A SMALLER NEW ISSUE OF A MAXIMUM OF SEK 24 MILLION
* NEW ISSUE WITH PREFERENTIAL RIGHTS FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO SUBSCRIBE FOR ONE NEW SHARE FOR 10 OLD AT A PRICE 1.80 SEK Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Pia Corp :
* Says it repurchased 39,400 shares for 122.4 million yen in total in March
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on May 10, 2016
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 162,200 shares for 421.6 million yen in total as of March 31
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/osysFa
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
People check shoes in a shop in a newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Soldiers visit newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Soldiers visit newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People carry flags after an opening ceremony for the newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Men wearing uniforms check a newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean military officers arrive for an opening ceremony of a newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man looks at a board showing information about the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A North Korean soldier walks on the road in the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers stand guard before an opening ceremony for newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People react as a vehicle carrying foreign reporters passes towards the newly constructed residential complex before its opening in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Kim Yo Jong, sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, attends an opening ceremony of a newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and their sister Kim Yo Jong attend an opening ceremony of a newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers carry flags as they visit the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A North Korean soldier smiles as thousands visit the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers visit newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Soldiers visit the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A man carries flags after an opening ceremony for the newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
North Korean soldiers march as they visit the newly constructed residential complex after its opening ceremony in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Thousands of people arrive for an opening ceremony of a newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women wearing traditional clothes walk past North Korean soldiers after an opening ceremony for a newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
PYONGYANG It's unusual being a foreign correspondent in North Korea, as a team from Reuters, among scores of journalists visiting the reclusive state, found out on Thursday.
Invited to Pyongyang for this week's celebrations of the 105th birth anniversary of founder president Kim Il Sung, the journalists were herded together for hours, not allowed water and not given access to phones - to attend a street opening by North Korea's current leader, their grandson Kim Jong-un.
The preparations began on Wednesday night when North Korean government minders rushed into the media centre at our hotel just after 10 p.m., told us to stop working and pack up our laptops because "you won't be coming back here tonight."
Gathered in the lobby, we were told there would be a "big and important" event on Thursday. With tensions high because of the possibility that Pyongyang may conduct a nuclear or long-range missile test in defiance of U.S. warnings of retaliation, the words were striking.
Our minders refused to give details. Just bring your passports and cameras, nothing else. No phones, no laptops, no water.
"No water?" we ask.
One of our government minders, Ri Hyon Mu, shifted awkwardly.
"I am being very direct now. Please urinate and excrete before the event as there will be no water closets."
No more details were given, except to be ready for a 6 a.m. start.
At 4.45 a.m., the phone rang. It was Ri. Our wake-up call had been pushed forward.
Soon, the hotel lobby was thronging with journalists from around the world, armed with video and photo cameras, all with blue armbands with white letters that read "journalist" in Korean.
We were piled into buses that weaved through the manicured streets of Pyongyang as the sun rose. Groups of men in grey suits and women in colourful dresses, many holding bunches of red and pink plastic flowers, were walking briskly, a sign we were headed to a mass rally of some sort.
We arrived at the People's Palace of Culture for what turned into a two-hour security check, where our wallets and chocolate were taken away and tied up in black plastic bags.
The Reuters team boarded a bus after the security check, only for a minder to shout at us to get off – "This bus is for Americans only!"
"That's the imperialist bus," O Kum Sok, another minder, explained with a grin, as we got into another bus.
CLAPPING AND CHEERING
We set off again at around 7.30 a.m., passing crowds of North Koreans, some squatting, most standing. Our buses stopped just past the Chinese embassy, one of the largest foreign missions in the city.
We are at Ryomyong, a new residential street, constructed, we were told, in less than a year, lined with more than twenty buildings, each about thirty or forty-plus storeys.
Soon, tens of thousands of North Koreans had gathered in the area, some in military dress, most in traditional suits and dresses holding balloons, plastic flowers and North Korean flags. They looked curiously at us, some smiling slightly.
A brass band played as the square filled up. Then around 10 a.m. the crowd fell silent.
Suddenly, there was fervent clapping and cheering, balloons bobbing, flags flapping. Kim Jong-un and top government officials walked onto the stage to a fanfare from the brass band reserved to mark their public appearances.
It is "a very significant, great event, more powerful than the explosion of hundreds of nuclear bombs on the top of the enemies' heads," said North Korea's premier Pak Pong Ju, the main speaker at the opening ceremony.
The completion of Ryomyong Street is one of the examples of "a brilliant victory based on self-reliance and self-development against manoeuvres by the U.S. and vassal forces", they said, using the state's typical descriptions of the United States and its allies.
A translation of the speech was provided when we returned to the hotel.
Kim did not speak but clapped intermittently. After about twenty minutes of speeches, a thick, red ribbon was unfurled on stage. Kim cut the ribbon and was whisked away in a shiny black Mercedes as their sister Kim Yo Jong bowed deeply. Ryomyong Street was officially open.
(Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Britain Soccer Football - Chelsea v Manchester City - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 5/4/17 Manchester City's Willy Caballero warm up before the match. Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says they will wait until the last minute to decide whether to pick Claudio Bravo or Willy Caballero in goal at Southampton on Saturday.
The South American pair has faced criticism for their performances this season after Guardiola sent their previous first-choice keeper, England international Joe Hart, on loan to Torino.
Guardiola has rotated Bravo and Caballero but the former is again under the spotlight after conceding a soft goal in last weekend's 3-1 victory over Hull City.
"Last week I decided for Claudio; what I see in the training session is what counts," said Guardiola at a news conference on Thursday ahead of Saturday's game.
"Every weekend I will decide who will play in goal," said Guardiola, repeating that they will address Hart's future at the end of the season.
City's manager refused to answer questions on Bravo's Chilean teammate, Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez, who has been consistently linked in the British media with a summer move to City.
"It is not time to talk about that," said Guardiola. "Not time to talk about the players who will stay here. We have a lot of business to do."
Vincent Kompany is fit for the trip to Southampton but Willy Sagnol (abductor) is again absent.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
GENEVA "Famine-like conditions" have been detected in areas of Yemen, although an official declaration of famine has yet to be made, the U.N.'s World Food Programme (WFP) told Reuters on Thursday.
Yemen is reeling from two years of civil war that pits the Iran-allied Houthi rebels against a Western-backed coalition led by Saudi Arabia. At least 10,000 people have been killed in the fighting that has unleashed a humanitarian crisis.
The impoverished country is among four - along with South Sudan, Somalia and northeast Nigeria - that face famine, although it has only been declared in some areas of South Sudan.
"There are famine-like conditions in the country (Yemen)," WFP spokesperson Emilia Casella told Reuters in response to a query.
Such conditions prevail in parts of Taiz, Hodeida, Lajh, Abyan and Sadaa, although access is difficult, they said, speaking from WFP headquarters in Rome.
"Those are priority governorates, districts where there are areas where there are famine-like conditions," they said, adding that families in these areas receive full rations.
Some 6.7 million people in Yemen are classified in phase 4 on an international scale of food security, with phase 5 constituting a famine, they noted. "We really need to act now before it falls into official famine."
The United Nations is hosting a major pledging conference for Yemen in Geneva on Tuesday. The world body has appealed for $2.1 billion to provide food and other life-saving aid, saying that Yemen's economy and institutions are collapsing.
The U.N. refugee agency warned this month that the risk of mass starvation in the four countries is rising rapidly. In all, about 20 million people are at risk in areas where harvests have failed and acute malnutrition rates are increasing, particularly among children.
For famine to be declared, there are three criteria. More than 20 percent of the population has an "extreme food gap, meaning they can't feed themselves"; 30 percent or more of children under age 5 suffer acute malnutrition; and there is a doubling of the rate of mortality, Casella said. This would mean more than 4 deaths for every 10,000 children every day.
The Houthis control the capital Sanaa and large swathes of territory. The Saudi-led coalition is trying to restore the government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, including through a devastating aerial bombing campaign.
The Yemeni government and its Arab allies are preparing an assault on Hodeidah port, which has been the entry point of nearly 80 percent of food imports, because they say the Houthis use it to smuggle weapons and ammunition.
Hodeidah port remains key to commercial trade and humanitarian goods, Casella said, adding: "Alternatives are being looked at."
But they cited concerns about the road structure around some other ports and limited availability of vehicles to move cargo.
(Additional reporting by Jonathan Saul in London; editing by Ralph Boulton)
CARACAS, Aug 13 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of possible military action in Venezuela could be a political life-line for the country's unpopular leader, who has long used the threat of U.S. aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
President Nicolas Maduro has continued the free-spending socialist "revolution" started by their predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, almost 20 years ago. Key to the populist rhetoric used by both is a constant drumbeat of warnings that the U.S. "empire" is planning an invasion to steal Venezuela's oil.
That threat was laughed off by the opposition and until Friday night, when Trump said a military option was not out of the question for dealing with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition and deepening social crisis.
"He's doing Maduro a favor by reinforcing the nationalist position that the Gringos want to come and attack Venezuela. This has always been part of Maduro's rhetoric, and Chavez before him. And it has served them both well," said lawyer Luis Alberto Rodriguez while sitting at a cafe, smoking a Cuban cigar, in one of Caracas' wealthier neighborhoods.
"It's not going to have any impact other than the government using it to further unify its people and attack the opposition," the 44-year-old added.
Maduro loyalists, who regularly insult opposition leaders as Washington's lackeys, wasted no time in pouncing.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Maduro's son, also named Nicolas, at the country's new constituent assembly, which was elected last month to re-write the constitution.
The opposition fears the assembly will remove any checks that remain on the president's powers and critics globally have condemned it as an affront to democracy.
"If Venezuela were attacked," the younger Maduro said, "The rifles would arrive in New York, Mr. Trump. We would take the White House."
Marches against Maduro were held in Caracas on Saturday, with few confrontations with state security forces and no deaths. More than 120 have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
Opposition leaders who have counted on the U.S. government to apply sustained moral and economic pressure on Maduro have so far been silent about Trump's remarks and marchers seemed confounded by their military threat.
"I don't know what to tell you," one woman marcher said, declining to give them name. "It's very complicated."
'NO GREATER GIFT'
The opposition, which controls a congress that has been neutered by Maduro's loyalist Supreme Court, boycotted last month's election of the new legislative superbody.
Opposition leaders called instead for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as their popularity gets pummeled by the country's economic woes.
"Maduro could not have asked for a greater gift from Trump. They provided substance for Maduro's heretofore implausible conspiracy theories," said David Smilde, senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin American, a human rights think-tank.
Smilde said Trump's threat of military force put the Venezuelan opposition "on its heels" after a group of Latin American governments joined last week in reprimanding Maduro for sponsoring the July 30 election of the constituent assembly.
"It has threatened to deflate the emerging regional consensus regarding Venezuela. Today the countries that on Tuesday signed on to a strong statement criticizing Maduro's authoritarian direction are spending their time criticizing Trump's statements," Smilde said.
FILE PHOTO: A rebel fighter stands with their weapon near evacuees from the Shi'ite Muslim villages of al-Foua and Kefraya as they ride bueses in insurgent-held al-Rashideen, Syria December 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
BEIRUT The Shi'ite populations of two pro-Syrian government towns are to be evacuated in exchange for the evacuation of Sunni rebels and their families from two opposition-held towns in a mediated deal between the warring sides, a pro-government source and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The two Shi'ite towns of al-Foua and Kefraya in the northwestern province of Idlib are besieged by rebel fighters, while the opposition-held towns of Zabadani and Madaya near the Lebanese border are besieged by pro-government forces.
Its military hand strengthened by Russia and Iran, the Syrian government has struck numerous deals giving besieged rebels safe passage to insurgent-held parts of northern Syria that border Turkey.
The opposition considers it a deliberate policy of demographic change to forcibly displace President Bashar al-Assad's opponents away from the main cities of western Syria, where they have shored up their rule in the six-year-long conflict.
"This is a demographic change on a sectarian basis," said Rami Abdulrahman, Observatory director, calling it the biggest population swap agreement of its type. "There is great discontent over the agreement in Madaya," they said.
The pro-government source said implementation was due to begin on April 4, with 16,000 people leaving al-Foua and Kefraya "in exchange for the evacuation of all the Zabadani militants and the militants of Madaya and their families".
Sources on the rebel side could not immediately be reached for comment.
As part of the agreement, a ceasefire began on Tuesday at noon (0900 GMT), the pro-government source said. The Obsevatory said the areas covered by the agreement were calm on Wednesday.
The Observatory said the evacuation of al-Foua and Kefraya was scheduled to last 60 days. The people evacuated from the rebel-held towns would go to northern Syria, it added.
The agreement would also include a ceasefire covering areas south of Damascus, aid deliveries, and the release of 1,500 prisoners held by the government in connection to the uprising against Assad, the Observatory said.
(Reporting by Laila Bassam and Tom Perry; Writing by Tom Perry; Editing by Alison Williams)
The Rialto Bridge is seen in Venice, Italy March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Manuel Silvestri
The Rialto Bridge is seen in Venice, Italy March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Manuel Silvestri
Babaj Arjan from Kosovo, arrested by Italian Police, is seen in this handout picture released by Italian police on March 30, 2017. Courtesy of Italian Police/Handout via REUTERS
Haziraj Dake from Kosovo, arrested by Italian Police, is seen in this handout picture released by Italian police on March 30, 2017. Courtesy of Italian Police/Handout via REUTERS
ROME Italian police arrested three Kosovars sympathetic to Islamic State on Thursday on suspicion of operating a jihadist cell that had discussed blowing up the historic Rialto bridge in Venice.
A minor from Kosovo was also was detained to prevent them from interfering with the probe, police said. All had papers allowing them to live legally in Italy.
Up to three other Kosovars were also under investigation over their ties to those arrested, Adelchi D'Ippolito, Venice's chief prosecutor, told a news conference streamed online.
Police had been monitoring the group since last year. They tapped their phones, bugged their apartments and followed their online communications, and what emerged was "disturbing and worrying", D'Ippolito said.
The group had expressed an unconditional support for Islamic State, they added.
Those arrested had celebrated after a deadly March 22 attack in London, D'Ippolito said, adding that one had commented: "Considering how many infidels there are in Venice, we could get to heaven right away by putting a bomb on the Rialto bridge."
D'Ippolito said all the detained lived in the historic centre of Venice, an ancient city in the north of Italy famous for its many canals.
In a statement, city mayor Luigi Brugnaro thanked police for "breaking up a dangerous and active jihadist cell in the centre of the city."
Police also carried out 10 raids overnight in Venice, one in the neighbouring town of Mestre and one in nearby Treviso.
(Reporting by Steve Scherer and Isla Binnie; Editing by Jon Boyle)
Reuters sports schedule at 0715 GMT on Wednesday:
SOCCER
Champions League, semi-final, first leg
Monaco (France) v Juventus (Italy) (1845)
MONACO - Free-scoring Monaco will hope their vibrant attacking talents can break down the defensive wall of Juventus in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final. (SOCCER-CHAMPIONS-AMO-JUV/, expect by 2045 GMT/4:45 PM ET, 400 words)
Europa League, semi-final, first leg
Ajax Amsterdam v Olympique Lyonnais (1645)
AMSTERDAM - Ajax Amsterdam, enjoying a European revival, host Olympique Lyonnais in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final, a tournament they won in 1992 in its old guise as the UEFA Cup. (SOCCER-EUROPA-AJA-LYO/, expect by 1845 GMT/2:45 PM ET, by Brian Homewood, 400 words)
Premier League
We follow up the weekend fixtures and look ahead to the next round of matches including West Ham United against Tottenham Hotspur, Arsenal versus Manchester United and leaders Chelsea at home to Middlesbrough (SOCCER-ENGLAND/, expect throughout)
TENNIS
Wimbledon announces news for 2017 tournament
LONDON - The Chairman and Committee of Management of The Championships, Wimbledon, host the annual Spring Press Conference to provide an update from The AELTC and The Championships. (TENNIS-WIMBLEDON/ (TV), expect by 1230 GMT/8.30 AM ET, by Martyn Herman and Ossian Shine, 400 words)
ATHLETICS
Sub two-hour marathon possible in Monza, say experts
Nike's "Breaking-2" attempt in Italy this weekend might not produce a sub-two hour marathon, but it will probably lead to a world best time, three exercise physiology experts told Reuters. (ATHLETICS-MARATHON/BREAKING2, expect by 0900 GMT/5 AM ET, by Andrew Both, 560 words)
Nike's African trio attempt sub-two hour marathon
LONDON - This weekend, aided by a host of technological and environmental advances, three carefully-selected elite African athletes will attempt to run the first sub-two hour marathon. (ATHLETICS-MARATHON/BREAKING2 (FEATURE, PIX), moved, by Mitch Phillips, 1300 words)
RUGBY
Gatland has combinations in mind for Lions tests
Warren Gatland has had two weeks to ponder the wisdom of their British and Irish Lions squad selection and on Wednesday they talk to Reuters about how they are now mentally rehearsing the partnerships and combinations they will need to challenge New Zealand over three tests. (RUGBY UNION-LIONS/GATLAND (INTERVIEW, PIX, TV) expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, by Mitch Phillips, 600 words.
World Rugby number two Pichot speaks to Reuters
BUENOS AIRES - World Rugby vice-president and former Argentina captain Agustin Pichot speaks to Reuters in an interview in Buenos Aires. (RUGBY-UNION/PICHOT (INTERVIEW, PIX), moving at 1500 GMT/11 AM ET, by Rex Gowar, 600 words)
MOTOR RACING
Alonso gets first taste of IndyCar
INDIANAPOLIS - Twice Formula One drivers champion Fernando Alonso gets behind the wheel of an Indy Car for the first time and a first look at the infamous Brickyard oval as they begin their preparations for the Indianapolis 500 later this month. (MOTOR-INDY/ALONSO, expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, by Steve Keating, 500 words)
GOLF
Johnson ready to return from back injury
WILMINGTON, North Carolina - We look ahead to world number one Dustin Johnsons much anticipated return from the freak stairs accident that led to a back injury and kept them from competing in the U.S. Masters with a preview of this weeks Wells Fargo Championship where Phil Mickelson, Adam Scott and Jon Rahm are among those in the field at East Point Golf Club in North Carolina. (GOLF-WELLSFARGO/ (PREVIEW), expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, by Andrew Both, 400 words)
HORSE RACING
Post positions drawn for Kentucky Derby
Early favorites McCracken, Gunnevera, Classic Empire and Always Dreaming look for favorable Churchill Downs post positions in the draw for the Kentucky Derby, the Run for the Roses that is the first race of the fabled Triple Crown for three year olds. (HORSERACING-KENTUCKY/DRAW, expect by 2200 GMT/6 PM ET, 400 words)
CRICKET
West Indies face battle in second innings against Pakistan
West Indies will resume their second innings on 40 for one, a deficit of 41 runs, as the second test against Pakistan in Bridgetown enters its fourth day. (CRICKET-WIN-PAK/, expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET, 300 words)
CYCLING
Giro d'Italia
Quintana starts quest for Giro-Tour double in Italy
Nairo Quintana will embark on a daunting quest for a career-defining Giro-Tour de France double on Friday when they set off against a tough field on Italy's roads. (CYCLING-GIRO/ (PREVIEW, PIX), moved, by Julien Pretot, 400 words)
(Asia desk editor: Greg Stutchbury)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
From its sense of tranquility and stunning views to its hillside apiary, some might say the Snoqualmie, Wash., inn is the bee's knees
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery of Salish Lodge & Spa.]
Salish Lodge & Spa in Snoqualmie, Wash., is one of those places that the travel gods sometimes reward you with when you least expect it.
Booked at the tail end of a driving tour of the Northwest, I had chosen it because of its 30-minute drive from the Seattle airport, to connect with an early-morning flight. In other words, I wasn't expecting much. Boy, was I surprised!
Built in 1916, this eight-room inn served as a rest stop for travelers journeying over Snoqualmie Pass in the North Cascade Range. They came for the famous country breakfasts and stayed to marvel at the Snoqualmie Falls and river, formed by ice and glacier debris flow more than 10,000 years ago. As they approached, they were greeted by the roar of whitewater over granite cliffs, the staggering power of water plunging 268 feet down into a 65-foot-deep pool.
Completely remodeled and reopened in 1988, Salish Lodge is perched above this unchanged wonder of nature, a short walk yet miles away in terms of milieu from this major Washington tourist attraction. More than 1.5 million people come each year to view the falls, the hydroelectric power plants and the lovely two-acre park, with free viewing and parking from dawn until dusk. If it all looks familiar, you may recognize it for its appearance in the cult TV series Twin Peaks.
A soothing aroma of cedar and a sense of tranquility greet you as you enter the lodge and spa. Each of the charming 84 guest rooms has a wood-burning fireplace and a two-person Jacuzzi soaking tub. The rooms ooze Pacific Northwest charm and make it very easy to simply stay inside, particularly during the November through March rainy season.
I loved walking through the park at dusk on a cloudy, misty evening and would not have been the least shocked to encounter Heathcliff, deep in melancholy along the windswept moors. It has that Wuthering Heights aura.
Too many awards to list have been bestowed on Salish Lodge, many recognizing its romantic atmosphere: Condé Nast listed it as No. 49 in Readers Choice Top 100 Hotels; Wine Spectator, Best of Award of Excellence for 21 consecutive years; Most Romantic, Best Place to Kiss, Best Place to Propose, Best Place to Spend Your Wedding Night. You get the picture.
The Dining Room with its stunning views of the falls and river features farm-fresh seasonal ingredients and epicurean dining. World-famous country breakfasts include Salish honey from heaven poured from on high over buttery homemade biscuits.
Which brings me to the bees. Beginning with a four-hive, 120,000-honeybee apiary producing 600 pounds of honey, the hillside apiary now includes an organic vegetable garden, herb garden, fields of wildflowers and an ever-growing contingency of buzzing bees and hives. The spa also utilizes this ambrosia, choosing herbs such as rosemary, lavender, basil and mint to blend with the honey, creating a custom scrub.
Yes, there's life and activity outside this idyllic getaway. The TPC is the only Jack Nicklaus Signature Golf Course in the Pacific Northwest; and there's fishing, hiking, horseback riding, biking, skiing and rafting from leisurely floats to thrilling rapids. Snoqualmie is also home to the Northwest Railway Museum and a veritable graveyard of once-grand railroad cars.
The Woodman Lodge, a holdover from a bygone era and restored as a tribute to hardworking pioneers who worked harvesting timber, mining coal and building a railroad, is a great place for grilled steaks and slow-roasted prime rib. A five-minute drive into this sleepy little town was delightful, but I couldn't wait to get back to Salish Lodge, with its cascading waterfall, cozy rooms, inviting library, tempting gift shop, therapeutic spa and honey bees.
I never did figure out if bees actually have knees — or where exactly that marvelous 1920s phrase came from — but I can tell you without equivocation that Salish Lodge is indeed the bee's knees.
— Judy Crowell is a Noozhawk contributing writer, author, freelance travel writer and part-time Santa Barbara resident. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are them own.
(Adds lawyers, detail)
March 30 Aker Solutions Asa
* Aker solutions to acquire Norwegian oil-services provider Reinertsen to build on its position as a leading maintenance and modifications supplier offshore Norway
* Purchase price is NOK 212.5 million ($25 million)
* The agreement excludes Reinertsen's liabilities as of December 19, 2016
* Reinertsen had revenue of about NOK 800 million in 2016 and is expected to contribute positively to Aker Solutions' earnings from 2018
* Reinertsen is the third-largest maintenance and modifications supplier offshore Norway with about 700 employees
* Acquisition is subject to approval by Norwegian competition authorities
* A debt commission headed by attorney Joar Grimsbu at law firm Arntzen de Besche has since Dec. 19 worked to find a solution to economic problems at Reinertsen AS, Arntzen de Besche said in a press release
* In the petition for debt negotiations from Reinertsen AS it was stated that the company had a debt of about 900 million Norwegian crowns ($105.30 million), but the debt commission has revealed that the debt is in fact over 1.6 billion Norwegian crowns
* Pareto was engaged to find new investors and has been talking to 48 potential investors but none was interested due to the financial problems
* An alternative to the solution would have been bankruptcy and all the employees would have lost their jobs
* Nordea has been Reinertsen's bank and has guaranteed for the operations during the period of debt negations
* Source text for Eikon:
* bit.ly/2mSAGQV Further company coverage: ($1 = 8.5055 Norwegian crowns) ($1 = 8.5473 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting by Terje Solsvik)
March 31 Australian government takeovers panel:
* Received an application from Spotless Group Holdings Limited (spotless) in relation to its affairs
* A sitting panel has not been appointed at this stage and no decision has been made whether to conduct proceedings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON: British athletics great Mo Farah wants to be known as ‘Mohammad' now that they are switching their focus to road racing, they have announced.
“My road name is Mohammad,” they said. “I just feel like Mo is done. I need to forget about what I've achieved and what I've done (on the track).”
Farah, 34, made the announcement after bringing the curtain down on their glittering track career by winning 10,000 meters gold and 5,000 meters silver at the World Championships in London.
Somalia-born Farah has won four Olympic titles and six world titles, but they bowed out under something of a cloud due to doping allegations against their American coach Alberto Salazar.
They hit out at the media during an emotional press conference on Sunday, accusing them of trying to “destroy” their achievements.
“You can write what you like,” Farah said. “The fact is I've achieved what I have from hard work and dedication, putting my balls on the line, year after year, and delivering for my country.
“It's like a broken record, repeating myself. If I've crossed the line, if Alberto's crossed the line, why bring it up year after year, making it into headlines?
“I've achieved what I have achieved. You're trying to destroy it.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Festival of Speed is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year.
The Silver Jubilee themed event takes place on Thursday, July 12 until Sunday, July 15.
Over the four days you can expect the annual Bonhams Summer Sale, displays from the Red Arrows, a Eurofighter Typhoon, the last flying Vulcan and even a Boeing 747. You can explore the awe-inspiring FOS Future Lab, and timed cars will make their first assault on the Hillclimb.
There will be off-road action at the Forest Rally Stage and gravity defying stunts in the Goodwood Action Sports Arena.
On Saturday the Michelin Supercar Run turns on the stopwatch as cars from over 20 manufacturers battle against each other to see.
Sunday culminates in the prize giving ceremony where The Duke of Richmond awards their much-coveted prizes and medals.
A special edition Ford Mustang GT paying tribute to US fighter pilots who served in the RAF during World War II will debut at Goodwood Festival of Speed 2018, presented by Mastercard. The one-of-a-kind Mustang GT takes inspiration from the RAF Eagle Squadrons that flew over the fields of Goodwood nearly 80 years ago. World champion drifter Vaughn Gittin Jr. will pilot the 700bhp Mustang GT up hillclimb.
The FoS Future Lab will also be open again this year, focusing on space exploration, autonomous transport, robotics and personal flight. Visitors will be able to view displays and demonstrations, interact with some of the technology for themselves and learn more about these exciting innovations.
FoS Future Lab will be open to the public throughout the Goodwood Festival of Speed, from 7am – 7pm each day.
Event hosts the Duke of Richmond will choose their 25 favourite moments from the first 25 events – personal highlights that they consider landmarks in the festival's history.
Who will be there
- F1 world champion Emerson Fittipaldi, who won the 1974 world title with the team and is also a two-time Indy 500 winner.
- Current star Stoffel Vandoorne joined by F1 test and reserve driver Lando Norris.
- Indy 500 winner Gil De Ferran.
- Double F1 world champion and fan favourite Mika Hakkinen who won back-to-back titles for McLaren in 1998 and 1999.
- Rudy Van Buren, winner of McLaren World's Fastest Gamer competition.
- F1 driver Robert Kubica who made their return to FORMULA ONE™, this year, signing as Williams Martini Racing's Reserve and Development driver.
Opening times
6.30am – car parks open (free of charge)
7am – gates open, providing a great opportunity to look around the paddocks before the action begins
8.30am – the action on the hillclimb commences (each day of the event)
6.30pm – bars close
7pm – event ends
What to wear
As it is an open air event Goodwood suggests comfortable shoes and casual clothing, with some light wet weather closing.
If you are using the corporate hospitality pavilion then smart casual dress required
Parking
Car parks are free and open from 6.30am. Parking is on grass and may not be suitable for low-slung cars.
Paid parking can be obtained for the Performance Car Park for cars of significant interest.
Motorcyle parking and helmet storage is provided on the north side (Lavant Road) of the motor circuit and is sign posted
Parking on approach roads is not permitted at any time
Overnight parking/camping is not permitted in any car park
For those eligible for reserved parking, Parking labels must be displayed when approaching Goodwood
Please follow traffic signs and instructions from marshals to the appropriate car park.
How to get there
It is advised that you do not follow your sat nav when driving to Festival of Speed.
Trains run regularly from London Victoria to Chichester, and there are also services from Brighton and Portsmouth. Taxis are available at the station. If arriving by taxi, please follow event signage to Gate 1.
A bus (service 902) runs from Chichester Railway Station from 7am each day, with tickets for the service available on the day and leaves every 30 minutes.
Road closures
The A285 New Road to Redvins Road, Boxgrove will be closed for access/egress of event traffic for the event. Multi-way signals will be used off peak.
Pook Lane will also be closed.
Tickets
Thursday ticket prices start at £37, Friday from £57 and Sunday £69.
Saturday and weekend tickets are now sold out, with Sunday, Friday and Thursday tickets also selling fast.
Hospitality packages are available throughout the weekend.
To buy tickets or enquire about hospitality visit Goodwood.com or call the Goodwood ticket office on 01243 755 055.
READ MORE
Porsche featured in hit TV series ‘The Bridge' to be auctioned off in Sussex
May 2 BALDER
* BALDER ACQUIRES HOTEL PROPERTY IN HELSINKI
* ENTERED INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT WITH TRADEKA-SIJOITUS OY TO ACQUIRE HOLIDAY INN HELSINKI - WEST RUOHOLAHTI HOTEL PROPERTY FOR 39 MILLION EUROS
* TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO CLOSE IN EARLY JULY 2017.
* BALDER ACQUIRES HOTEL PROPERTY IN HELSINKI Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Modern Avenue Group Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 93 million yuan to 98 million yuan in Q1 FY 2017 versus net loss at 10.6 million yuan year ago
* Says revenue from sale of stake in unit as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ChbaHq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Guangzhou Kingteller Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to decrease by 30 percent to 70 percent, or to be 17.0 million yuan to 39.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (56.5 million yuan)
* Comments that decreased sales is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/40JYwc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31 Sorl Auto Parts Inc
* Sorl Auto Parts reports approximately 40 pct rises in net income in the fourth quarter of 2016
* Q4 earnings per share $0.43
* Sees FY 2017 sales about $300 million
* Q4 sales rose 45.7 percent to $82.9 million
* For fiscal year 2017, management expects net income attributable to stockholders to be approximately $21.0 million
* "Experiencing increased orders in the first half of the year" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Stoke City striker Saido Berahino said on Thursday they served an eight-week drugs suspension earlier this season after someone spiked their drink in a nightclub.
Berahino joined Stoke in January for a reported 12 million pounds having not played for former club West Bromwich Albion since September 2016.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis had said repeatedly that the striker was not playing because of a lack of fitness.
"I still don't know who would do this to me," Berahino said in an interview with the BBC. "To be banned for something you haven't done is hard to take."
Berahino said they had never taken drugs and that the levels found in their body were "really low".
The former England under-21 striker added that they had been in a nightclub "so I hold my hand up for being irresponsible".
After the 23-year-old joined Stoke, manager Mark Hughes said Berahino had been suspended for an FA disciplinary matter.
Newspaper reports said they had failed an out-of-competition drugs test.
(Reporting by Clare Lovell; editing by Ken Ferris)
SHANGHAI, March 28 The northeastern Chinese province of Liaoning has promised to close more than 10 million tonnes of low-grade steel capacity by the end of June this year as part of its efforts to clean up the sector, the official Liaoning Daily reported on Tuesday.
Heavy industrial Liaoning, home to struggling state steel mills like the Anshan Group and the Benxi Iron and Steel Group, is a key part of China's strategy to tackle price-sapping overcapacity in the coal and steel sectors.
However, the province has struggled to find alternative sources of growth. Its economy shrank 2.5 percent last year, the only Chinese province to see a contraction.
The low-grade steel closures are also part of a nationwide pledge to eliminate a type of dangerous and polluting production capacity that accounts for about 4 percent of total output.
Liaoning also aims to shut all coal mines with annual production capacity of less than 90,000 tonnes by the end of the year, a move that will cut coal provincial production capacity by 9.59 million tonnes, the report said.
Liaoning has been ordered to close 30.4 million tonnes of coal capacity over the 2016-2020 period, Liaoning Daily reported. It shut 44 mines last year and cut production capacity by 13.6 million tonnes.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Joseph Radford)
A woman holds a sign as President Donald Trump leads a rally marking their first 100 days in office in Harrisburg. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
People cheer as U.S. President Donald Trump appears on stage at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
U.S. President Donald Trump appears on stage at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
U.S. President Donald Trump appears on stage at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
U.S. President Donald Trump leads a rally marking their first 100 days in office in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
HARRISBURG, Pa. U.S. President Donald Trump hit the road on Saturday to celebrate their first 100 days in the White House with cheering supporters at a campaign-style rally, touting their initial achievements and lashing out at critics.
Trump told a Pennsylvania crowd they were just getting started on meeting their campaign promises. They repeatedly attacked an "incompetent, dishonest" media, saying they were not telling the truth about their administration's accomplishments.
"My administration has been delivering every single day for the great citizens of our country," Trump said in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. "We are keeping one promise after another, and frankly the people are really happy about it."
The rally occurred on the same day as a climate march at which thousands of protesters surrounded the White House, and it also coincided with the annual black-tie White House press dinner in Washington.
Trump and their staff chose to skip the press dinner because of what they said was unfair treatment by the press. Trump said they were thrilled to be away from the "Washington swamp".
"A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation's capital right now," Trump said to loud boos from the crowd. "If the media's job is to be honest and to tell the truth, the media deserves a very, very big fat failing grade."
Trump listed what they said were some of their key early accomplishments, including the successful confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court of Justice Neil Gorsuch and clearing away many regulations on the environment and business.
They also listed their approval of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, killing a pending Asian trade pact, and enhanced security measures that have led to a sharp decline in illegal border crossings at the southern border.
"The world is getting the message: if you try to illegally enter the United States, you will be caught, detained, deported or put in prison," Trump said.
They shrugged off their failure to score major legislative victories on their core campaign promises, such as repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and construction of a Mexican border wall. Trump's ban on visitors from some Muslim nations was blocked in court.
They blamed Democrats for the legislative failures so far and said all of their promises would be kept eventually.
"We'll build the wall, people, don't even worry about it," they said.
Some supporters in the crowd said they were willing to give Trump more time.
"I voted for them and I'll give them a year. That's enough time to whip Congress into shape and get some deals done," said Michael Casciaro, 54, a civilian contractor for the military.
Trump said they reversed course on promises to name China a currency manipulator because they wanted its help in trying to rein in North Korea's nuclear and missile development. Trump has said all options are on the table if Pyongyang persists in its nuclear development.
In an excerpt of an interview with "Face the Nation" of CBS, set to air on Sunday and Monday and conducted during the trip to Pennsylvania, Trump said they would "not be happy" if North Korea conducted a nuclear test. Asked if that would mean military action, Trump said "I don't know, I mean we'll see."
Reveling in the cheers in Harrisburg, Trump made reference again to their upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the crucial swing state of Pennsylvania, which they said "carried us to a big, beautiful win on Nov. 8."
Trump left Washington as another in a series of protests against their administration was winding up. Thousands of marchers made their way through Washington's streets during the People's Climate March, a protest against Trump's moves to roll back environmental regulations.
Asked by reporters accompanying them to Pennsylvania what they had to say to the climate change protesters, Trump said: "Enjoy the day, enjoy the weather."
After the rally, the White House said the president had signed two trade-related executive orders, one for top U.S. officials to review all U.S. trade pacts for potential abuses and another setting up an office in the White House to advise them on trade-related issues.
(Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington; Writing by John Whitesides; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
FILE PHOTO: Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, listens to the speeches during a gift handover ceremony at the United Nations European headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Chinese President Xi Jinping and with their wife Peng Liyuan smile during a welcoming ceremony in Belgrade, Serbia June 18, 2016. REUTERS/Marko Djurica/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Chinese President Xi Jinping (L) and First Lady Peng Liyuan bid farewell as they board their plane to depart from the Julius Nyerere International Airport in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, March 25, 2013. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/File Photo
BEIJING Glamorous, popular and passionate about fighting AIDS, Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan is Beijing's diplomatic not-so-secret weapon spreading Chinese soft power around the world.
A former singing star in the People's Liberation Army, "Mother Peng", as they are affectionately known in China, will be at President Xi Jinping's side as they meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Florida next week.
Details of their programme have been largely kept under wraps, but they and Xi will dine with Trump and their wife Melania next Thursday.
With hot-button issues including North Korea and trade in focus and Trump promising a "very difficult" meeting, China will be hoping the accomplished Peng can help smooth relations between the leaders of the world's two biggest economies.
"If the two first ladies meet, and the atmosphere is good, then at the very least it will raise the whole atmosphere of the leaders meeting," said Shi Yinhong, who heads the Centre for American Studies at Beijing's Renmin University and has advised the government on diplomacy.
China's most powerful first lady since Mao Zedong's wife Jiang Qing, Peng has become a regular feature of China's global outreach since their husband took the reins of state in 2013.
With a smile on their face, dressed in a simple black peacoat and carrying an elegant unbranded bag, Peng stepped into the international limelight in Russia in March 2013 on Xi's first foreign trip as president, becoming an instant internet sensation and style trendsetter back home.
Since then, they have named pandas with then-U.S. first lady Michelle Obama, made friends with orphans in Zimbabwe and sat with Costa Rican children on their lap.
For the last decade, Peng has advocated for those living with AIDS and tuberculosis, and was recognised with a UN award in January for their role in combating the stigma attached to those with HIV and AIDS.
"Since 2006, I have been to high risk places, villages, hospitals, patients' homes, community centres, schools and universities," Peng said, speaking in slightly halting English, a language they have worked hard to master since their husband took power. "I have seen pain and fear in children's eyes."
STAR POWER
Peng's career as a darling of China's military choir made them a household name in China long before their husband, with appearances on the state-broadcaster's New Year Gala and other popular TV shows propelling them to stardom in the 1980s and 1990s.
Peng retains the rank of Major General in the People's Liberation Army and is dean of the army's Arts Academy.
In the eyes of many Chinese, Peng embodies a broadly-appealing patriotism blended with China's classical virtues, thanks to their army career and their pedigree musical training.
Peng has accompanied Xi on a number of diplomatic events since last summer, including a tour of Poland, Serbia and Uzbekistan.
Former model Melania Trump, by contrast, has been mostly absent since their husband took office on Jan. 20, spending much of their time in New York, caring for the couple's 11-year-old son.
On past state visits, Peng has played the role of China's cultural ambassador, teaching foreigners the art of ink-and-brush calligraphy or the finicky wrapping of boiled dumplings.
While their public life has been largely free of scandal, they drew criticism from rights activists after images appearing to show them serenading army troops shortly after the 1989 pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square surfaced briefly online in 2013 before being scrubbed from the internet in China.
There was also a moment of drama in 2014 when Russian President Vladimir Putin draped a coat around Peng's shoulders at an outdoor event on the sidelines of an Asia-Pacific summit, images also fast removed from the Chinese internet, apparently due to fears it showed the two flirting.
At the same summit, a video of Peng appearing to shoot Xi a meaningful glance reminding them to join other leaders in waving to the crowd sparked speculation about their ability to influence their husband, especially when it comes to their public appearance.
Melania Trump, when asked on CBS television network's 60 Minutes in November 2016 if their husband took their advice, replied: "Sometimes they listen, sometimes they don't. I think they hear me. But they will do what they want to do in the end."
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 IMAGE SYSTEMS AB
* GETS ORDER WORTH ABOUT SEK 3 MILLION FROM SÖDRA SKOGSÄGARNA
* DELIVERY IS SCHEDULED FOR SUMMER 2017
* SÖDRA SKOGSÄGARNA ORDER VALUE IS IN RANGE OF SEK 2.6-3.0 MILLION, DEPENDING ON WHICH OPTIONS ARE CALLED UP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The badge of a Mahindra e2o electric car is seen in London, Britain April 15, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Anand Mahindra, chairperson and managing director of Mahindra Group, poses with a Mahindra e2o electric car during its launch in London, Britain April 15, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File photo
LONDON/NEW DELHI Mahindra & Mahindra (MAHM.NS) has stopped selling electric cars in the United Kingdom due to weak sales and is winding up sales operations there, according to a document seen by Reuters, in a new setback to the Indian automaker's global ambitions.
Mahindra's decision comes less than a year after it launched the e2o car in a market it considered a launchpad for selling electric cars in European countries like Norway, Sweden and the Netherlands.
"The level of e2o sales achieved is at an untenable level for us to maintain the investment required, hence our decision to cease trading at Mahindra UK with immediate effect," Mahindra said in a letter dated April 10, addressed to one of its buyers in the country.
"Immediately post Brexit, the e2o has not met the desired sales targets as per the plans for the UK market," a Mahindra spokesperson said in an emailed response, without explaining how Britain's decision to leave the European Union hurt sales.
"We'll reconsider the UK market at an opportune time," they said, adding that electric vehicles are poised for a take-off in India and Mahindra will focus on its home market.
The move is a new setback for the company, part of the $17 billion Mahindra group, which struggled to enter the United States a decade ago despite spending about $100 million on launch plans.
More recently, it was forced to stop selling pick-up trucks and sport-utility vehicles in Brazil in 2015 due to a sluggish economy and changes in local regulation.
The automaker, however, continues to expand in other places. Its South Korean arm Ssangyong Motor (003620.KS) is considering manufacturing in China, where import duties are high, and could make a decision by mid-2017.
CANCELLING ORDERS
Mahindra, in the letter, said it has stopped the sale of all e2o cars in Britain with immediate effect, cancelled all pending orders and is buying back cars from existing customers at the price they paid for it.
"It is with great sadness that we have had to make this decision, but ultimately the level of interest in the vehicle and the extremely low volume of sales has left us with no alternative," it said.
Mahindra did not comment on its investment in the UK or the number of cars it has sold in the country.
While Mahindra blames Brexit for its performance, car sales in the UK have continued to rise despite forecasts that demand would be hit by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
UK car sales hit a record high of 2.69 million vehicles in 2016, industry data showed. Of this, alternative fuel models, primarily plug-in hybrid and electric cars, made up a little over 3 percent but are growing faster than conventional cars.
In April 2016, Mahindra launched two variants of the e2o car in the UK at a starting price of 12,995 pounds ($16,793). Buyers could test drive the cars at a handful of locations, but the vehicles were only sold online and not through dealerships.
Dubbed as India's Tesla, Mahindra sells the e2o in its home market and in the neighbouring countries of Nepal and Bhutan. Like in the UK, Mahindra has struggled to significantly ramp up sales of electric cars in India in part because of the lack of charging stations and low buyer interest.
(Writing by Aditi Shah; Additional reporting by Costas Pitas LONDON; Editing by Euan Rocha/Randy Fabi/Susan Fenton)
A man reads tweets on their phone in front of a displayed Twitter logo in Bordeaux, southwestern France, March 10, 2016.
RIYADH (Reuters) - A group of Twitter users will be indicted in Saudi Arabia on charges of harming public order for threatening the "safety and moderate ideology of society" through extremism, according to a statement on state news agency SPA.
The country's chief prosecutor summoned the Twitter users on Sunday, the statement said, without naming them or specifying how many were accused.
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Culture and Information had earlier tweeted that a radical Sunni cleric, Ali al-Rabieei, had been referred to a "publication crimes" committee for unspecified violations.
Ministry officials did not respond to requests for comment on whether Rabieei was among the group.
Saudi Arabia has stepped up efforts to muffle political dissent in recent years, using tough new cybercrime laws to sentence offenders to prison terms for online posts deemed insulting to rulers or threatening to public order.
In a separate statement, Public Prosecutor Sheikh Saud bin Abdullah al-Muajab said they respected freedom of opinion but asserted their office's power to pursue cases against those who promote hatred or sectarianism, or mislead public opinion.
Rabieei's tweets largely consist of broadsides against Shi'ites, a minority group in Sunni-dominated Saudi Arabia. One tweet refers to the core Shi'ite belief that the prophet's son-in-law was their rightful successor as "one of the Jew's tricks."
They issued a statement on Twitter declaring their commitment to publication laws, "if they are not contrary to the Quran, the Sunna, or statements made by senior scholars Bin Baz, Bin Uthaymin or the Council of Senior Scholars."
Religious scholars from the official Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam, like those named by Rabieei, hold influential semi-legal roles in the kingdom. The Quran and the Sunna, or sayings of the prophet, are the country's constitution.
Many members of the state-employed clergy have long taught that Shi'ism is heretical. Last year, Saudi Arabia's grand mufti, the kingdom's top religious authority, said the leaders of Iran, Saudi Arabia's regional Shi'ite rival, were not Muslims.
But as the kingdom's Shi'ites have come under attack by Islamic State jihadists since 2013, authorities have also made efforts to curb open incitement and sectarianism, including arrests for anti-Shi'ite social media posts.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is considering changes to a California desert plan that had set aside areas for renewable energy development, a move it says would promote more wind and solar projects on federal lands.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management, in a statement on Thursday, said it would consider amending the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan as part of a broader federal effort to unwind regulations that impede energy development.
The process is also aimed at making more land available for wireless broadband infrastructure, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Katharine MacGregor said in the statement.
“We need to reduce burdens on all domestic energy development, including solar, wind and other renewables,” they said.
The news drew praise from the wind and solar industries but criticism from California officials and environmental groups.
Reconsidering the plan would reopen conflicts over renewable energy development, conservation and other uses of the desert while “creating a cloud of uncertainty,” Karen Douglas, a commissioner with the California Energy Commission, said in an emailed statement.
The Bureau of Land Management is part of the Interior Department, which has made similar moves to open up more federal land and waters to oil and gas exploration.
The plan was jointly hatched by California and the federal government in an eight-year process finalized in September 2016.
Solar and wind developers had criticized the designation of just 388,000 acres of the 10.8 million acres covered by the plan for renewable energy development.
The California Wind Energy Association's executive director, Nancy Rader, said on Friday it was “ironic” that the Trump administration had moved to expand areas for renewable energy while the Obama administration had closed them off.
“We are happy for the BLM to take another look,” Rader said in an interview.
The Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement it looked forward to working with the Department of the Interior.
Environmental groups panned the move.
“There is no new data to support changing the plan,” said Mike Sweeney, executive director of The Nature Conservancy in California, in a statement, noting that it was “exhaustively developed” with eight years of data collection, scientific analyses and significant public and private input.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Cringe-worthy comments made to people diagnosed with breast cancer are being highlighted on World Cancer Day.
File picture. Source: istock.com
Breast Cancer Foundation NZ has released a video featuring comedians Urzila Carlson and Jackie Clarke acting out an awkward conversation between a newly diagnosed breast cancer patient and their friend.
"Women have been told they caused their own cancer by drinking from plastic bottles or carrying a cellphone near their breast; that they're lucky to be able to get a tummy tuck and a free 'boob job'; and that they can cure the cancer with turmeric," says Evangelia Henderson, chief executive at Breast Cancer Foundation NZ.
The video is based on feedback from real patients, and after demonstrating what not to say gives advice on how to be more helpful. The video can be seen on the Breast Cancer Foundation NZ YouTube page.
Mrs Henderson urges everyone to think before they speak, and avoid making a stressful situation worse.
CHICAGO: US authorities launched a nationwide manhunt Monday for a gunman who shot and killed an elderly man, and then posted a video of the seemingly random attack on Facebook.
Police in Cleveland, Ohio working on the case with help from investigators at the FBI and the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), have offered a reward of up to $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of Steve Stephens, the accused shooter.
Stephens, 37, of Cleveland, Ohio, who was described as armed and dangerous, was also placed on the FBI's Most Wanted list, a designation officials hope will help raise public awareness about the case.
The manhunt spread across the region within a few hours after the homicide, with authorities on the alert for Stephens in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan. By midday Monday, the search for the accused murderer had spread nationwide.
“Our reach now is basically all over this country,” Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference.
“This is what we would consider a national search.”
Stephens is accused of fatally shooting Robert Godwin Sr, 74, who was walking home from Easter dinner on Sunday afternoon, when they were apparently picked out at random.
According to a timeline of events created by police and Facebook, Stephens posted a video on Sunday afternoon saying they intended to kill, and followed up two minutes later with video of the shooting.
Facebook to undergo review
In that second video, Godwin is shown with a gun to their head and then falling to the ground after Stephens fires a shot.
In a third video 11 minutes later, streamed live from Stephens's car, they say they intend to kill others.
“I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak,” Stephens said. “I'm just driving around hitting motherfuckers, man. I just snapped man, fuck.”
So far, however, police say they are aware of only one shooting victim.
The incident was the latest disturbing crime captured on Facebook video, including the alleged gang rape of a 15-year-old girl, two fatal shootings, and the kidnapping and torture of a disabled 18-year-old man.
In this instance, Facebook took down Stephens's videos and disabled their account about two hours after they first started uploading.
Justin Osofsky, vice president of global operations for the social media giant, acknowledged in a company blog post, that the delay was too long.
“We know we need to do better,” Osofsky said.
“As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible,” they said.
Osofsky said Facebook received the first report about the video depicting the murder more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted.
“We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended,” they added.
Police search ‘dozens' of locations
Police issued an arrest warrant for Stephens, described as a six-foot one-inch, 244-pound (1.85 m, 110-kilo) black man with a full beard, who was last seen in a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates.
Authorities were assuming they were still with their vehicle more than 24 hours later, and discounted reports that they might be on the run in Pennsylvania.
Stephens's mother told CNN they called them on Sunday after learning about the video, and they told them they were shooting people because they were “mad with their girlfriend.”
Police said the woman they referred to was in a safe place.
Cleveland detectives also made contact with Stephens by phone early in the investigation, Williams said.
“They tried to, of course, convince them to turn themselves in and, of course, that hasn't happened to date,” they said, adding that officers had searched dozens of locations to find the suspect.
“If there's somebody who is helping Steve or think you're helping Steve, you're really not. You're going to get yourself in trouble, along with him,” Williams warned.
Stephens worked for Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency serving children through mental health services, foster care and adoption, at-risk youth and other programs.
In their video, Stephens displayed their Beech Brook badge.
“We are shocked and horrified like everyone else,” Nancy Kortemeyer, a spokesperson for the facility told CNN.
“To think that one of our employees could do this is awful.” AFP
AFP/CC
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
April 5 Ocean Rig Udw Inc-
* Ocean Rig announces over 75% support for restructuring agreement from holders of the company's consolidated indebtedness
* Ocean Rig -has sufficient support from supporting creditors in order to implement restructuring of co, dov and dfh as contemplated by terms of rsa Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Trigiant Group Ltd:
* Trading in shares of Trigiant Group Limited will be halted at 9:00 a.m. on March 31 Source text: (bit.ly/2nQFTru) Further company coverage:
(Adds U.S. Department of Justice comment, paragraph 6)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a federal credit union in Manhattan that sought to block U.S. President Donald Trump from installing Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
In a decision made public on Friday, U.S. District Judge Paul Gardephe in Manhattan said the Lower East Side People's Federal Credit Union lacked legal authority to sue, rejecting what they called the plaintiff's “fear-based theory of standing.”
Gardephe said the credit union failed to show that any actual or expected policy changes under Mulvaney, who is also White House budget chief, would undermine its ability to fulfill its mission of improving the health of underserved communities.
“Organizations advocating for a particular policy goal who have alleged no injury to themselves as organizations may not establish their standing simply on the basis of that goal,” Gardephe wrote. Their decision is dated Thursday.
Ilann Maazel, a lawyer for the credit union, in an email said their client was disappointed. “We are evaluating our options in this extremely important case,” they added.
Kerri Kupec, a U.S. Department of Justice spokesperson, said the department was pleased the court dismissed the challenge to Trump's “lawful designation” of Mulvaney as acting director.
Trump appointed Mulvaney as temporary head of the CFPB in November, replacing Richard Cordray, an appointee of President Barack Obama.
Mulvaney, a critic of the regulator, has since taken steps that may herald a rollback of some of Cordray's policies.
CFPB supporters view the regulator as an important consumer watchdog, while opponents consider it too powerful.
A federal appeals court on Wednesday said the president can fire a CFPB director only for cause, rejecting the White House argument that removal at will is also permitted.
The credit union had sought to have Gardephe declare CFPB Deputy Director Leandra English, who Cordray designated as their preferred interim successor, as the acting director.
English in November filed their own lawsuit in the federal court in Washington, D.C. to block Mulvaney from taking charge.
In seeking to dismiss the credit union lawsuit, the Justice Department said forcing Trump to appoint English would be an “extraordinary intrusion into core Executive Branch operations” and upend the “consensus view” that Mulvaney deserved the job.
The case is Lower East Side People's Federal Credit Union v Trump et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-09536. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by David Gregorio and Cynthia Osterman)
April 20 Travelers Companies Inc
* Q1 earnings per share $2.17; Q1 core earnings per share $2.16
* Q1 total revenue $6.94 billion versus $6.69 billion last year
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.35, revenue view $6.32 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 net written premiums $6,495 million versus $6,166 million last year
* Book value per share at quarter-end $84.51 versus $83.05 at Q4-end
* Adjusted book value per share at quarter-end $81.56 versus $80.44 at Q4-end
* Q1 combined ratio 96.0 percent versus 92.3 percent last year
* Q1 pre-tax net investment income $610 million versus $544 million last year
* Q1 pre-tax underwriting gain $211 million versus $428 million last year
* Q1 pre-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance $347 million versus $318 million last year
* Board of directors declares 7.5% increase in the company's regular quarterly cash dividend to $0.72 per share
* Authorizes an additional $5.0 billion of share repurchases Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MADRID, April 10 Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane will be reunited with their former mentor and kindred spirit Carlo Ancelotti when the Spanish club visit Bayern Munich for their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday.
Zidane first played under Ancelotti when the Italian took charge of Juventus in 1999, with the Frenchman flourishing as a playmaker before making a then-world record 75 million euro ($79.51 million) move to join the Galacticos of Real in 2001.
That same summer, Ancelotti left Juve to embark on a trophy-laden era at AC Milan. Twelve years later, they took the top job at Real, naming Zidane, who retired as a player after the 2006 World Cup, as one of their assistants.
In their one season together in the dugout, Ancelotti and Zidane led Real in 2014 to a memorable 4-0 thrashing of Pep Guardiola's Bayern Munich in a Champions League semi-final match at the Allianz Arena, making the Munich stadium a fitting setting for their reunion.
Real went on that year to end the club's 12-year drought in Europe's elite competition by beating Atletico Madrid in extra-time in the final and lift a coveted 10th European Cup, after which Zidane took charge of the reserve team.
Ancelotti was, though, given a brutal reminder of the short lifespan of Real coaches when they were sacked a year later after a season void of silverware.
They were replaced by Rafa Benitez who only lasted seven months in the job before Zidane was named coach, galvanising a squad that had become disenchanted under the Spaniard and displaying Ancelotti's ability to heal dressing room wounds.
Known affectionately as Zizou, Zidane won the Champions League little more than four months after taking the job.
"WHAT COUNTS ARE TROPHIES"
Both Ancelotti and Zidane made history at Real. Ancelotti oversaw a 22-game winning streak in all competitions, a record in Spanish soccer, while Zidane lead Real to a 40-game unbeaten run in all competitions, also a Spanish record.
Having witnessed Ancelotti's sacking at the Bernabeu, Zidane is aware how ruthless the club's hierarchy can be. Even though Real sit three points clear at the top of La Liga with a game in hand, they said last Friday their long-term position at the club was far from safe.
"I'm not certain I'm going to continue here, not at all, and that's why I'm not preparing anything, I'm working for what I have left to do this season," they said.
"I know what it's like to coach Real Madrid for better or worse and I'm prepared for everything."
Zidane has been criticised in some quarters of the Spanish media for Real's stale style of play in spite of their achievements and their tactical nous was questioned after their side conceded an 85th minute equaliser to draw 1-1 with Atletico on Saturday.
The coach received the backing of midfielder Toni Kroos on Monday, with the German telling the club's official website (www.realmadrid.com): "He has had a huge impact here, they brought positivity when they arrived and took us in a new direction."
Captain Sergio Ramos also declared their admiration for the coach, but warned Zidane could meet a similar fate to Ancelotti if Real do not end the season clutching trophies.
"I like Zidane for the results they have got and for how they manage the dressing room," Ramos told reporters on Saturday.
"But in football what counts are results and trophies." ($1 = 0.9433 euros) (Reporting by Richard Martin; editing by Richard Lough)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.02 yuan per share (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 13 Specialty insurer Brit Ltd, a unit of Canada's Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd, appointed David Lim as chief executive of Brit Global Specialty Singapore, effective May 15.
Lim, who joins from ArgoGlobal, where they were most recently head of marine in Asia, will report to Christiern Dart, Brit's chief underwriting officer. (Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru)
(Adds detail, quote, share price, background)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 6 Nigeria's Union Bank plans to raise 50 billion naira ($164 million) by the end of the second quarter via a rights issue to boost its capital adequacy and tap opportunities to lend to agribusinesses, its chief executive said.
Emeka Emuwa said on Thursday that the bank targeted a capital ratio higher than 18 percent after the fund raising, compared to 13.4 percent as of the third quarter of 2016.
"We are en route to a capital raising," Emuwa told an analysts' call. "We see opportunities to leverage our capital not just to be in regulatory compliance but to be able to tap opportunities that we see in the medium term."
Emuwa said the total value of Union Bank's loans rose 40 percent last year, but that was largely due to Nigeria's currency devaluation which affected dollar loans to the upstream oil and gas sector. Without the devaluation loans grew 13 percent, they said.
Nigerian banks have had to change their business models to survive after previously lucrative loans to oil companies turned sour following the slump in crude prices, which pushed Africa's biggest economy into recession.
Union Bank, which was acquired from the government by a consortium of private equity investors in 2011, is looking for opportunities as Nigeria tries to foster new industries and cut down on imports it can no longer afford.
"We see opportunities in agro-business, food processing, fast-moving consumer goods," Emuwa told the call. "Anything that is aligned with how the economy is evolving, manufacturing of consumer goods, manufacturing of goods by replacing what is previously being imported are areas where we see opportunities."
The bank will pursue opportunities as they present themselves, they said.
The government has been touting agriculture and solid minerals as ways to diversify the economy's overreliance on oil and broaden tax collection to help insulate it from future shocks. However, the shift will not happen overnight, analysts say.
Union Bank reported a pretax profit of 16 billion naira for 2016 last week, down from 18.5 billion naira a year earlier, sending its shares lower.
Emuwa said the bank has 3.9 billion naira exposure to Etisalat Nigeria, the local arm of Abu Dhabi-listed telecoms firm Etisalat which has been discussing with 13 local lenders about renegotiating the terms of a $1.2 billion loan.
Union Bank's shares, which have fallen 25 percent since the start of last year, were down 0.19 percent at 4.80 naira on Thursday.
Nigeria's central bank said in a report on Thursday that it expects credit default by borrowers to be a major economic risk this year after bad loans soared to a more than six-year high as economic recession hurt consumers.
($1 = 305.20 naira) (Editing by Susan Thomas and Susan Fenton)
Let's get one thing straight, shall we? If the numbers were reversed, and Hillary Clinton had won the Electoral College vote, and Donald Trump had won the popular vote, we would not be having this conversation (Policy Wonk: “Minority rule is not democracy,” by Orlando Delogu). You know it, I know it, and everybody else knows it.
Secondly, calling the 2016 presidential election “a close Electoral College race” is disingenuous at best. And dishonest at worst. Trump creamed Hillary Clinton. Trump won in 3,084 counties across the USA. Clinton won 57 counties. Granted, Clinton won the extremely densely populated counties in New York and California, and so garnered the popular vote. They won by over 4 million votes in California.
I am pretty confident that Maine people do not want to be ruled by people in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
We live in a Republic of states, and pure Democracy is not a good option. Our forefathers were extremely wise in understanding that, and just because “things have changed” does not mean that human nature has changed. Let me point out that Russia is a democracy, as is Venezuela. Does anybody think they have a better system than we do here? I didn't think so. Democracies have a history of becoming dictatorships, with elections held to legitimize dictators. If that is the direction you want to take us, Mr. Delogu, I will be there to fight you all the way. And I will not be alone.
Barry Stephens
Scarborough
FILE PHOTO: Medium-rise and low-rise residences and office buildings are seen from the first observatory deck of Tokyo Sky Tree in Tokyo October 30, 2011. REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
TOKYO Almost 40 percent of foreign residents who sought housing in Japan had applications turned down and almost a quarter were denied jobs in the past five years, a survey showed on Friday, highlighting discrimination in a largely homogeneous society.
The findings from the Justice Ministry survey come as the number of foreign workers and residents in Japan hit record highs as the country prepares to host the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
However, immigration remains a touchy subject in a land where conservatives prize cultural homogeneity and foreigners make up less than two percent of the population.
Language skills weren't the problem, the survey suggested, with about 95 percent of those who were denied jobs and more than 90 percent of those who were denied housing saying they spoke Japanese conversationally, professionally or fluently.
"The landlord said I couldn't live in the flat because of my nationality," said a Korean respondent in their fifties quoted in the report.
"I was born and raised in Japan and Japanese is the only language I know. There is still so much bias and discrimination in Japan," they said.
The survey was conducted so that the Justice Ministry could better understand what discrimination and human rights issues foreigners in Japan face, and to find ways protect their rights.
The first government survey of its kind, it was conducted by the Centre for Human Rights Education and Training in November and December last year.
Of the 18,500 foreign residents contacted, 4,252 responded. More than half of them were Chinese and Korean, and more than 40 percent had lived in Japan for more than a decade.
Nearly 20 percent of the 2,788 respondents who had looked for work in the past five years said they received lower pay than Japanese people for the same job, and more than 17 percent said they couldn't get promoted because they were foreign.
About 13 percent said their working conditions were worse than those for Japanese co-workers, with longer hours and fewer days off.
Separate Justice Ministry data this month showed that violations, including unpaid wages, among groups accepting foreign trainees in Japan had risen last year.
Around 30 percent of respondents said they were insulted or discriminated against occasionally or frequently.
"One time, when I tried to enter a small shop in Harajuku, the staff told me it's for Japanese only," said a Brazilian woman in their twenties.
A Korean woman in their sixties said: "Japan is my home and I love Japan, but discrimination against foreigners is deeply rooted. I wish for a society that recognises diversity."
(Reporting by Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Paul Tait)
A Westminster committee has heard that military and police veterans in Northern Ireland are being discriminated against in a recruitment drive for a post-Brexit border force.
In England, Scotland and Wales, a requirement for the new border force is military or police experience, but this is not the case for Northern Ireland recruits.
Lady Sylvia Hermon pressed Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Karen Bradley on the "appalling" issue, reminding the minister they raised it in the House of Commons on May 9.
Ms Bradley said their office had since raised the case with the Home Office and they had spoken to the immigration minister.
Andrew Murrison, chairperson of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee, interjected to say the panel had asked the immigration minister if any representation had been made by the Northern Ireland Office, and they had said no.
They added: "Their response was, 'To date, there has been no representations from the Northern Ireland Office', which directly contradicts what you have just said."
Ms Bradley replied: "An official letter to the immigration minister would constitute a representation, I have not written officially to the minister but I have raised the point with her, we discussed it.
"I think that is a technical definition of what a representation constitutes."
The committee said the recruitment policy does not uphold the military covenant, which is part of the Confidence and Supply agreement between the DUP and the Conservative Party.
The covenant sets out a moral obligation to those who have served or currently serve in armed forces, to ensure they are treated equally and fairly with regards to employment.
Lady Hermon said their constituents have been turned down by the border force in Northern Ireland because of military or police experience.
Ms Bradley asked Lady Hermon to send them a letter with more details, but Lady Hermon replied that they had already done so, and waited over a month for a reply, which they called "extraordinarily disrespectful".
"I wait and wait for letters, so I ask you to please announce to constituents across Northern Ireland that their military service will be respected," Lady Hermon added.
Ms Bradley said: "I am acutely aware of the issue, and acting on advice.
"Please let me write to the committee as I do not want to speak on behalf of another department, as the border force is responsibility of the Home Office."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Central Bank Of India Ltd:
* GETS SHAREHOLDERS' NOD FOR ISSUE OF 38.8 MILLION SHARES WORTH 3.23 BILLION RUPEES TO GOVERNMENT OF INDIA ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS Source text - bit.ly/2nvKhLK Further company coverage:
Get hands-on training in machine learning, software architecture, Java, Kotlin, leadership skills, and many other topics.
Develop and refine your skills with 120+ new live online training courses we opened up for July and August on our learning platform.
Space is limited and these courses often fill up.
Artificial intelligence and machine learning
Building Intelligent Systems with AI and Deep Learning, July 16
Machine Learning in Practice, August 3
Hands-on Machine Learning with Python: Classification and Regression, August 3
Getting Started with Computer Vision Using Go, August 6
Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing (NLP), August 8
Building Deep Learning Model Using Tensorflow, August 9-10
Hands-on Machine Learning with Python: Clustering, Dimension Reduction, and Time Series Analysis, August 13
Essential Machine Learning and Exploratory Data Analysis with Python and Jupyter Notebook, August 13-14
Machine Learning with R, August 13-14
Deep Reinforcement Learning, August 16
Artificial Intelligence: An Overview for Executives, August 17
Reinforcement Learning with Tensorflow and Keras, August 23-24
Democratizing Machine Learning: A Dive into Google Cloud Machine Learning APIs, August 24
Blockchain
Understanding Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain, August 13-14
Blockchain Applications and Smart Contracts, August 16
Introducing Blockchain, August 27
Business
Introduction to Critical Thinking, August 3
Managing Team Conflict, August 7
Introduction to Strategic Thinking Skills, August 8
Creating a Great Employee Experience through Onboarding, August 9
Introduction to Leadership Skills, August 16
Leadership Communication Skills for Managers, August 16
Introduction to Customer Experience, August 16
Introduction to Delegation Skills, August 16
Having Difficult Conversations, August 23
Data science and data tools
Shiny R, July 27
Applied Network Analysis for Data Scientists: A Tutorial for Pythonistas, July 30-31
Getting Started with Pandas, August 1
Beginning Data Analysis with Python and Jupyter, August 1-2
Mastering Pandas, August 2
Understanding Data Science Algorithms in R: Regression, August 6
Understanding Data Science Algorithms in R: Scaling, Normalization, and Clustering, August 10
Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Big Data Foundations, August 16
Rich Documents with R Markdown, August 16
Mastering Relational SQL Querying, August 21-22
Hands-on Introduction to Apache Hadoop and Spark Programming, August 21-22
Design
VUI Design Fundamentals, August 1
Product management
Information Architecture: Research and Design, August 28
Introduction to Project Management, August 28
Programming
Advanced SQL Series: Relational Division, July 9
Reactive Spring Boot, July 13
Pythonic Design Patterns, July 23
Designing Bots and Conversational Apps for Work, July 24
Test-Driven Development In Python, July 24
Beyond Python Scripts: Logging, Modules, and Dependency Management, July 25
Beyond Python Scripts: Exceptions, Error Handling, and Command-Line Interfaces, July 26
Spring Boot and Kotlin, July 30
Players Making Decisions, August 1
Bash Shell Scripting in 3 Hours, August 1
Reactive Spring Boot, August 2
Introduction to Modularity with the Java 9 Platform Module System (JPMS), August 6
Creating a Custom Skill for Amazon Alexa, August 6
Get Started With Kotlin, August 6-7
JavaScript the Hard Parts: Closures, August 10
Python Data Handling: A Deeper Dive, August 13
Getting Started with Python's Pytest, August 13
Building Chatbots for the Google Assistant using Dialogflow, August 14
Design Patterns Boot Camp, August 14-15
Advanced SQL Series: Window Functions, August 15
Scala Fundamentals: From Core Concepts to Real Code in 5 Hours, August 15
Building Chatbots with AWS, August 17
Fundamentals of Virtual Reality Technology and User Experience, August 17
Mastering Python's Pytest, August 17
Scalable Programming with Java 8 Parallel Streams, August 20
Scaling Python with Generators, August 20
Test-Driven Development In Python, August 21
Pythonic Object-Oriented Programming, August 22
Linux Foundation System Administrator (LFCS) Crash Course, August 22-24
Beyond Python Scripts: Logging, Modules, and Dependency Management, August 22
Pythonic Design Patterns, August 23
Interactive Java with JShell, August 27
Python: The Next Level, August 27-28
IoT Fundamentals, August 29-30
OCA Java SE 8 Programmer Certification Crash Course, August 29-31
Reactive Programming with Java 8 Completable Futures, August 30
Learn Linux in 3 Hours, August 30
Beyond Python Scripts: Exceptions, Error Handling, and Command-Line, August 31
Security
Introduction to Encryption, August 2
Cybersecurity Fundamentals, August 2-3
AWS Security Fundamentals, August 7
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certification Crash Course, August 14-15
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Security Crash Course, August 17
Introduction to Ethical Hacking and Penetration Testing, August 21-22
CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 Crash Course, August 21-22
CompTIA Network+ Crash Course, August 21-23
Cybersecurity Offensive and Defensive Techniques in 3 Hours, August 24
CISSP Crash Course, August 28-29
Introduction to Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR), August 30
Software architecture
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate Crash Course, July 25-26
Implementing Evolutionary Architectures, August 1-2
Shaping and Communicating Architectural Decisions, August 15
From Developer to Software Architect, August 22-23
Software Architecture for Developers, August 24
Visualizing Software Architecture with the C4 Model, August 27
Amazon Web Services: Architect Associate Certification Core Architecture Concepts, August 29-30
Systems engineering and operations
Introduction to Google Cloud Platform, August 1-2
Getting Started with Azure App Service Web Apps, August 2
Deploying Container-Based Microservices on AWS, August 7-8
Continuous Delivery with Jenkins and Docker, August 9
Google Cloud Certified Associate Cloud Engineer Crash Course, August 9-10
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Crash Course, August 9-10
Docker: Up and Running, August 9-10
Docker: Beyond the Basics (CI & CD), August 13-14
Amazon Web Services: AWS Managed Services, August 14-15
Practical Kubernetes, August 16-17
Building a Cloud Roadmap, August 20
Amazon Web Services: AWS Design Fundamentals, August 20-21
Getting Started with Amazon Web Services (AWS), August 21-22
Ansible in 3 Hours, August 28
Web programming
REST: A Hands-On Guide to GraphQL and Queryable APIs, August 3
This is the Full Stack Development with Mean, August 7-8
Better Angular Applications with Observables QuickStart, August 9
Component Driven Architecture in Angular, August 13
Building APIs with Django REST Framework, August 13
First Steps with Angular, August 14
Angular Testing QuickStart, August 15
Bootstrap Responsive Design and Development, August 15-17
Getting Started with HTML and CSS, August 16
Advanced Angular Applications with NgRx, August 23-24
Beginning Responsive Web Development with HTML and CSS, August 27-28
Web Services with Node, August 27-28
Modern JavaScript, August 28
JERUSALEM May 3 U.S.-Israeli digital insurance company Next Insurance said on Wednesday it raised $29 million in an early funding found led by Munich Re/HSB Ventures.
U.S. insurance companies Markel and Nationwide, as well as existing investors, also participated.
Next, which offers its services to small and medium-sized businesses through partnerships with various insurance companies, said the financing will go towards building its own insurance products and expanding its offerings to new business sectors.
Founded in 2016, Next -- which previously received $13 million in seed funding -- is based in Silicon Valley, with its research and development in Israel. (Reporting by Steven Scheer)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Contact
America Green Solar
www.americagreensolar.com
***@americagreensolar.com America Green Solarwww.americagreensolar.com
End
-- America Green Solar-AGS, the company whose motto is: "Go Green, Save Green!", has created the GREEN TEAM PROGRAM! This is a revolutionary program that promises to be as efficient and simple in which ANYONE can become a successful partner in matter of months. "Whether you want to serve the environment or just make some extra cash, you can do it anywhere anytime. The only requirement to have is a positive attitude, which the company considers is ALL YOU NEED to succeed in the program", says America Green Solar.AGS' program provides all the tools and training needed to start a brand-new career! The company truly believes that the success of its employees contributes to the overall mission of the company, and doesn't hesitate to dedicate time and money in training and guidance. "" states AGS. Moreover, Green Team Members can qualify for certain incentives by reaching specific sales goals. Additionally, the room for growth is limitless, as Green Team Members can ultimately open up their own branch management office with their own team of consultants anywhere in the nation.Applicants that have a passion for environmental sustainability and America's Clean Energy Movement are encouraged to apply - please send all resumes to savetheplanet@americagreensolar.com
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Result from the Spanish Super Cup Final match on Sunday Final Sunday, August 13, first leg Barcelona - Real Madrid 1-3 (halftime: 0-0)
The North Korea flag flutters next to concertina wire at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un watched the ground jet test of a Korean-style high-thrust engine newly developed by the Academy of the National Defence Science in this undated picture provided by KCNA in Pyongyang on March 19, 2017. KCNA/via Reuters
WASHINGTON North Korea has carried out another test of a rocket engine that U.S. officials believe could be part of its programme to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile, officials told Reuters on Monday.
The latest test follows one earlier this month, and is another sign of Pyongyang's advancing weapons programme. It comes amid mounting U.S. concerns about additional missile and nuclear tests, potentially in the near future.
Several U.S. officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the test took place on Friday night and the engine could possibly be used in an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).
Earlier this month North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said their country had conducted a test of a new high-thrust engine at its Tongchang-ri rocket launch station, saying it was "a new birth" of its rocket industry.
At the time, North Korea's official media said the engine would help it achieve world-class satellite launch capability, indicating the test was of a new type of rocket engine for long-range missiles.
Kim also has said North Korea is close to an ICBM test-launch.
North Korea has been testing rocket engines and heat-shields for an ICBM while developing the technology to guide a missile after re-entry into the atmosphere following a lift off, experts have said.
Once fully developed, a North Korean ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from the North. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or farther.
The reclusive state has conducted five nuclear tests and a series of missile launches in defiance of U.N. resolutions.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said during a visit to the region that a military response would be "on the table" if Pyongyang took action to threaten South Korea and U.S. forces.
The Trump administration is still deliberating its policy on North Korea, but appears to be giving priority to less risky options than pre-emptive military strikes.
It is considering sweeping sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system as part of a broad review of measures to counter Pyongyang's nuclear and missile threat.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Phil Stewart; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Europe's only event technology show, Event Tech Live (ETL), will be scaled up to two days when it returns to the Old Truman Brewery in November for its fifth edition.
The decision to expand the show is a product of year-on-year growth, on all fronts, coupled with a comprehensive call for more. There were 100 exhibitors at Event Tech Live in 2017 and over 50 sessions across five stages, which brought in a record 1,600 visitors.
All the show's major sponsors and partners, involved to a greater and greater extent since its inception, have been quick to commit to the new model ETL.
The sessions across this year's five stages are being scrupulously programmed so attendees can see everything they want to and learn something new on either or both days.
Event Tech Live Co-Founder, Adam Parry, comments: “Visitors want to stay longer, see and do more, exhibitors need more time in that environment and we are delighted to introduce a second day.
“We haven't ever fallen into the PR trap of concentrating on quantity, or brute headline numbers, it's always been about delivering quality – whether that's visitors, exhibitors or content.”
CEO of D2i Matt Blain comments: “Demand for a second day is a testament to the organisers‘ perception and commitment. Event Tech Live is one of a kind, top content and top people. We're delighted to continue our support.”
Event Tech Live returns to the Old Truman Brewery, East London on Wednesday 7th and Thursday 8th of November with sister event The Event Technology Awards bridging the two on the evening of the 7th.
Details about the event, in terms of exhibitors, sponsors, content across the five stages, and timings will be published over the coming months. Subscribe to updates here
About Event Tech Live
Event Tech Live 2018 is free to attend and will take place on Wednesday 7th & Thursday 8th November 2017 at The Old Truman Brewery, London.
The multi-strand conference and exhibition is Europe's only show dedicated to event technology. Event professionals have access to over 50 educational sessions, 100 exhibitors and 1499 industry peers.
If you're interested in exhibiting or would like to become a sponsor please contact Adam Parry via hello@eventtechlive.com
CONTACT:
Paul Allott
Company: AMP Events
Address: 4 Glasby Square, Retford, DN22 6EP, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)1777 80 21 20
Email: hello@eventtechlive.com
Website: http://www.eventtechlive.com/
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
JERUSALEM Israel said on Wednesday it would cut a further $2 million (£1.61 million) from its already reduced contribution this year to the United Nations in protest at resolutions taken against it at the world body's various forums.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who also holds the post of foreign minister, instructed the ministry to cut the funds and use the money as aid for developing countries who support Israel at international organisations.
It is the second such cut this year after Israel said in January it was reducing its contribution by $6 million.
Wednesday's further cut means that of its planned commitment of $11.7 million for 2017 Israel will pay the U.N. only $3.7 million, the foreign ministry said.
The decision was made because of the "hostile resolutions adopted a few days ago by the U.N.'s Human Rights Council," part of the Foreign Ministry's statement said.
Earlier this month, U.S. President Donald Trump's administration said it was reviewing its participation in the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council, seeking reform of its agenda and an end to its "obsession with Israel".
"This move is part of Israel's drive with its friends, led by the United States, to repair the obsessive anti-Israel bias at the United Nations and its agencies," the statement added.
The $6 million cut in funding was made in protest at a U.N. Security Council resolution that demanded an end to Israeli settlement building on land Palestinians want for an independent state.
The United States abstained from the Dec. 23 vote, allowing the 15-member Security Council to adopt the resolution with 14 votes in favour. Israel described the abstention by the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama as "shameful".
(Writing by Ori Lewis; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
NEW YORK, April 28 Pacific Investment Management Co on Friday liquidated its RAE Worldwide Fundamental Advantage PLUS Fund, a global-neutral fund which had reached more than $4 billion in assets under management in 2014, according to the Newport Beach, Calif's website.
The portfolio's strategy included long exposure to a portfolio of stocks through the "RAE Fundamental U.S. Large Model Portfolio" and short exposure to the S&P 500 Index, while overlaying this equity market neutral exposure with absolute return bond alpha strategy through "AR Bond Alpha Strategy".
The RAE Fundamental U.S. Large Model Portfolio stocks are selected by Pimco's long-time subadviser, Research Affiliates, LLC, which was founded and chaired by Rob Arnott, known on Wall Street as the "godfather of smart beta."
"We constantly review our suite of strategies and may liquidate a fund from time to time if we feel it no longer serves our clients needs," Michael Reid, spokesperson for Pimco, said in a statement to Reuters. "We are committed to RAE and will be expanding RA relationship in equities with (the) upcoming launch of RAFI Multi-Factor ETFs."
Pimco, a unit of Munich-based insurer Allianz SE, had $1.51 trillion in assets, has collaborated with Arnott's firm Research Affiliates for more than a decade.
In 2015, Pimco expanded Pimco's RAE Fundamental lineup, which uses Research Affiliates' "smart beta," or "fundamental indexation," strategy of selecting, weighting and rebalancing holdings on the basis of characteristics other than market capitalization.
Two years ago, Pimco introduced a slate of six new equity funds in collaboration with Research Affiliates to cover U.S. large, U.S. small, international, global, global excluding U.S. and emerging markets. (Editing by Bernadette Baum)
* Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3273, or 75.34 U.S. cents * Loonie touches its strongest since Feb. 28 at C$1.3238 * Bond prices higher across a flatter yield curve (Adds portfolio manager quotes and details on Trump's comments and updates prices) By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 12 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Wednesday to a six-week high against its U.S. counterpart after the Bank of Canada turned less dovish, while comments by U.S. President Donald Trump weighed on the greenback. The Bank of Canada did not even consider cutting interest rates as it left monetary policy unchanged on Wednesday amid signs of strong growth, but it is too early to conclude the economic growth is sustainable, Governor Stephen Poloz said. "They are still sitting on the fence but feeling that the numbers are coming in a little bit better," said Hosen Marjaee, senior managing director, Canadian fixed income at Manulife Asset Management. "We think that a rate hike may be a little bit earlier than we thought before." The Bank of Canada will likely maintain its wait-and-see stance on monetary policy until early next year, a Reuters poll found last week. The U.S. dollar fell against a basket of currencies after Trump said that the greenback was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the U.S. economy. The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3273 to the greenback, or 75.34 U.S. cents, stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3332, or 75.01 U.S. cents. The currency's weakest level of the session was C$1.3339, while it touched its strongest since Feb. 28 at C$1.3238. Gains for the loonie came even as prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, fell after U.S. crude inventory data suggested the market was still heavily supplied. U.S. crude oil futures settled 29 cents lower at $53.11 a barrel. Canadian home prices rose in March, extending their climb in major cities in Ontario and British Columbia, according to data which was likely to add to concerns about housing affordability in some parts of the country. Canadian government bond prices were higher across a flatter yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries. The two-year edged up 1 Canadian cent to yield 0.725 percent and the 10-year climbed 30 Canadian cents to yield 1.509 percent. The difference in yield between Canada's 10-year bond and its U.S. equivalent narrowed by 3.6 basis points to a spread of -73.4 basis points as U.S. Treasuries outperformed. (Additional reporting by Dan Burns; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Chizu Nomiyama)
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov speaks during a joint news conference with Kyrgyz Foreign Minister Erlan Abdyldaev following their meeting in Moscow, Russia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meets with Afghan Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani at the State Department in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
MOSCOW Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will discuss global security, including the Syria, North Korea and Ukraine situations, during the latter's visit to Moscow, the ministry said on Wednesday.
Tillerson is to visit Russia on April 11-12, and Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement it "positively evaluated the new U.S. administration's efforts to improve ties" with Moscow.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; writing by Sujata Rao; editing by Polina Devitt)
April 20 Republic Bancorp Inc
* Reports 13 pct year-over-year increase in first quarter net income
* Says net interest income at core bank increased to $36.6 million during Q1 of 2017, a $5.3 million, or 17 pct, increase over Q1 of 2016
* Says qtrly diluted earnings per class a share $0.96 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Xompass FaaS harnesses the power of Microsoft Azure to accelerate digital transformation
Media Contact
Prabhu Soundarrajan, CEO of Xompass
925-494-2255
prabhu@xompass.com Prabhu Soundarrajan, CEO of Xompass925-494-2255
End
-- Xompass, Inc. (http://www.xompass.com/)today announced the availability of its Field Intelligence as a Service (FaaS) app on Microsoft AppSource (https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/web-apps/xompass-dev.df759289-9731-4346-a2cf-940d5fa38246). Xompass FaaS is a leading industry Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) product that fills the gap between IoT instrumentation and insights (Advanced Analytics). Xompass executes this vision by offering products at the edge (Xompass FaaS Edge (http://www.xompass.com/products/faas-edge/)), cloud (Xompass FaaS Cloud), and enterprise level (Xompass FaaS Suite (http://www.xompass.com/products/xompass-suite/)) .Most IoT project implementation takes 12 to 18 months to realize value due to the long technology discovery and vendor selection process. Xompass FaaS is built on a SaaS product delivery approach that accelerates implementation of IoT and analytics. "You can connect to devices rapidly at a very low cost, and scale easily to realize the full potential of IoT and analytics," said Prabhu Soundarrajan, CEO of Xompass, Inc.It is estimated [LNS Research ( http://www.lnsresearch.com/ docs/default- source/default- do... ), IHS Markit ( https://www.ihs.com/ Info/0416/internet- of-things.html )] that connectable assets will grow from 10 to 60 billion by 2025 in industrial and manufacturing industries. Xompass FaaS Edge provides instant connectivity to a wide range of industrial assets and offers edge analytics. Xompass Edge is built on the OSIsoft PI System (http://www.osisoft.com/pi-system/), leveraging 30 years of industrial data experience connecting to over 1 billion devices.Xompass Cloud is built on Azure (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/) infrastructure, Azure IoT Hub (https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/iot-hub/), and Cortana Intelligence. Xompass Suite, built on Power BI (https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/), provides instant executive-level dashboards for a wide variety of applications, including SCADA / HMI, GIS, predictive maintenance, 3D asset view, and Operational Asset Effectiveness (OAE). The company also offers a product for system integrators to deliver IoT projects and applications using the technology stack.Xompass FaaS has been implemented in data centers, fiber optic loops for smart cities, water distribution, mining, power utilities for remote asset performance management, predictive maintenance, and life extension to drive manufacturing intelligence."Now, customers can take advantage of Xompass FaaS on Microsoft AppSource to help connect a wide range of IoT devices within the manufacturing industry," said Jerry Lee, Director, Cloud Platform Marketing, Microsoft Corp. "Microsoft Azure scales easily, allowing Xompass to meet the rapid adoption of IoT in addition to providing customers valuable data and insights to help manage the many connected devices".Xompass Inc. is a multinational IoT product company that has offices in San Leandro, California; Valparaiso, Chile; and São Paulo, Brazil. Xompass Field Intelligence as a Service (FaaS) product is the industry-leading SaaS offering that bridges the gap between instrumentation (IoT) and Advanced Analytics. Xompass' product suite in edge and cloud makes IoT implementation a quick and cost-effective reality for several industrial and telecommunication companies globally. See www.xompass.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton singer Donchez Dacres has won the second semi-final of Britain's Got Talent.
They were voted through to the final of the ITV show by the public.
Fellow singer Calum Courtney will join them also thanks to the public vote, after the judges could not decide whether to send them or B Positive Choir through.
Judge David Walliams, who pressed their golden buzzer during Dacres' performance of their song Wiggle and Wine during the show's auditions, celebrated as it was announced Dacres has secured the highest number of votes from the public.
Dacres, who performed their catchy signature number for a second time during Tuesday's programme, clasped their hands in shock when their name was read out by host Declan Donnelly.
(Image: Handout)
Thanking the public for sending them through Dacres promised they would be bringing “something new to the table” for Sunday's grand final.
Also through to compete for a chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance is 10-year-old singer Courtney.
Courtney performed a tribute to their mother with a re-working of Stevie Wonder's Isn't They Lovely.
Donchez was born Nottingham and currently lives in Wolverhampton, having spent 15 years of their youth in Jamaica.
They earn a living fixing cars across central England - but said a song is often part of the service.
They said: "I am an AA man, I come out, I fix your car, and if you're really down I'll sing to you and by the end of your experience you didn't think you'd ever broken down."
The judges were split on who to select out of Courtney and NHS choir B Positive, who formed to raise awareness of blood donation.
Head judge Simon Cowell said either act would still have a good chance of making it to the final as a wildcard if they did not progress from Tuesday's semi-final.
The decision was again left to the result of the public vote to decide, with Courtney prevailing.
The singer was reduced to tears by the announcement and when their mother ran on to the stage to embrace him.
The results followed what host Donnelly joked was “another quiet night on Britain's Got Talent” after an apparent stage invader ran past the judging panel's table to touch their buzzers after one of the acts had performed.
The intruder pressed three buzzers as they passed by to symbolise their dissatisfaction as the judges delivered their verdicts on magicians Magus Utopia.
The judges were initially confused after the incident, with Cowell even asking Magus Utopia to confirm whether the brief stunt was part of their act.
Cowell later seemed angered by the interruption, saying: “This is one of those nights!”
(Image: Handout)
During their assessment of the magical duo they directed a buzzer press at the intruder.
Donnelly apologised to viewers following the stunt, saying: “Some people just really want to touch our buzzers!”
A spokesperson for the show said: “A member of the audience ran up and pressed the judges' buzzers at the end of Magus Utopia's act. The man was quickly apprehended by security and removed from the building.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The host referenced the stormy weather conditions that affected the broadcast of Monday's semi-final from London's Hammersmith Apollo during their opening link.
Donnelly said: “Tonight we have more great performances, more amazing talent, but hopefully fewer thunderstorms.
“We would like to stay on the air all night, tonight.”
Fresenius Medical Care's CEO Rice Powell speaks during the company's annual news conference in Bad Homburg near Frankfurt, Germany February 22, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
FRANKFURT Fresenius Medical Care (FMEG.DE), the German kidney dialysis provider which derives about three quarters of sales from North America, posted a 17 percent gain in quarterly adjusted net income, benefiting from higher reimbursement rates and lower costs of medicines for dialysis patients.
First-quarter adjusted net income of 249 million euros ($272.23 million) excluded a one-off gain of 59 million euros from settling a dispute with the U.S. Departments of Veterans Affairs and Justice over outstanding payments.
FMC switched to the euro as a reporting currency from U.S. dollars.
($1 = 0.9147 euros)
(Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
March 30 Nokia Corp
* says proposes Jeanette Horan and Edward Kozel to be elected as new members of the board of directors
* Jeanette Horan is a former executive of IBM and Edward Kozel an independent consultant and an investor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CAIRO Militants killed three police officers and injured five others in a shooting in Cairo late on Monday, the interior ministry said on Tuesday.
Attacks on security forces are common in Egypt's northern Sinai, where the country is battling an Islamist insurgency, but targeted assaults in Cairo are by comparison rare and the shooting comes amid a campaign by militants to spread violence to the country's mainland.
The militants drove by and shot at police stationed at an intersection of the ring road, a busy Cairo expressway, in the city's eastern neighbourhood of Nasr City, the ministry said in a statement.
Hasm, a group that the government has tied to the Muslim Brotherhood, claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted on its official website. The Brotherhood, outlawed by the government in 2013, maintains that it is a peaceful organisation.
Little is publicly known about Hasm, though it has claimed a handful of attacks over the past year including an attempt on the life of the former Grand Mufti Ali Gomaa.
The shooting comes just weeks after two Islamic State suicide bombers killed at least 45 in deadly church bombings in Alexandria and Tanta, one of the bloodiest attacks the country has experienced in years.
(Reporting by Mohamed El Sherif and Omar Fahmy; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Peter Cooney)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
TIRANA, March 29 Albania's central bank held its main interest rate at a record low of 1.25 percent on Wednesday but signalled a possible tightening of monetary policy after October when it expects the economy to improve.
Speaking after the bank's board meeting, governor Gent Sejko said they had also kept unchanged the one-day deposit rate at 0.25 percent and the one-day lending rate at 2.25 percent.
Sejko said the board, which has cut the main rate from 6.25 percent since the end of 2008, believed there was no need to reduce monetary stimulus before the third quarter of 2017.
"Later (beyond October), the intensity of monetary stimulus will be re-adjusted to respond to an expected trend of improvement in the economy," Sejko told a news conference.
According to the bank's base forecast, inflationary pressures will strengthen as the economy moves closer to its potential.
"Annual inflation is expected to fluctuate around 2.4 percent in 2017 and return to our goal (of 3 percent) in 2018," they said.
The government and the International Monetary Fund forecast Albania's gross domestic product to grow by 3.7 percent in 2017, up from 3.4 percent in 2016. The bank predicts growth of 3.3 percent for 2016. The economy grew 2.6 percent in 2015.
The relaxed monetary policy helped to lend in the Albanian lek currency to rise by 11 percent year-on-year in January, compensating for a reduction of lending in hard currency. (Reporting By Benet Koleka, Editing by Gareth Jones)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ZAGREB, April 10 The Croatian government on Monday nominated Ante Ramljak to head the restructuring of food producer and retailer Agrokor which is aimed at averting the bankruptcy of the country's biggest private company.
"This (case) is a top political, economic and financial issue for Croatia. Ante Ramljak is an expert with experience in investment banking and consultancy. We have made sure so far there are no major negative effects on the economy," Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic told an extraordinary cabinet session.
"Our goal now is to stabilise Agrokor's operations in the coming days and the second step will include its restructuring for which we will also seek an adviser," Plenkovic said.
Ramljak's nomination will require approval by the Zagreb commercial court which is expected very soon.
 They are expected to assemble a team of experts and advisers to steer the process which will likely involve a cash injection from a group of banks and the refinancing of debts to creditors and suppliers.
Six banks said on Monday they were working on a cash injection as quickly as possible. The banks include Russia's lenders Sberbank and VTB, which are Agrokor's biggest creditors.
Agrokor owner Ivica Todoric requested the government enact an emergency law, adopted last week, which is designed to save big companies in trouble and protect the country's financial system and economy.
Agrokor employs around 60,000 people in a number of companies across Balkans, most notably in Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia and Bosnia. Its rapid expansion has left Agrokor with debts of some 45 billion kunas ($6.41 billion), or six times its equity.
($1 = 7.0257 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic; editing by Jason Neely)
(Repeats story published overnight)
By Ross Kerber
BOSTON, April 10 Shareholder activism is rare in Islamic finance, but one wealth manager has staked out new territory as the most outspoken voice among Muslim investors in the United States.
Working from an office in Falls Church, Virginia, Bashar Qasem was the only Islamic financial representative among religious shareholder advocates who sent a letter in February to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban.
It was only one of a number of such moves since 2015, when Qasem's Azzad Asset Management firm started weighing in on issues like worker safety, climate change and lobbying disclosures.
This direct advocacy will test whether many U.S. Muslim investors will support the sort of faith-based shareholder activism common among other religious groups even as many cite safety concerns or have experienced bullying.
Qasem said their clients seemed to welcome their growing public role. Most are Muslim, and about half are immigrants.
"Most of them, they feel it's about time," said Qasem, who grew up in Jordan, moved to the United States in 1987 and became a citizen in 1996.
So far Qasem's strategy appears to be helping to differentiate their firm at a time when the popularity of cheaper index-tracking products is rising.
Azzad's assets increased 11 percent in 2016 to $487 million at year-end. Growth included $5.7 million into the firm's mutual funds, the third consecutive year of inflows.
By contrast, the Amana family of mutual funds, which Morningstar says is the largest in U.S. Islamic finance at $2.9 billion of assets, has had three years of investor withdrawals, which it blames partly on the rise of passively managed products.
Laila El-Haddad, who writes about food and Palestinian politics, said Qasem's outspokenness helped draw them to their firm. "Given the choices between two Islamic investment companies," they said, "we would definitely opt for the one taking this approach."
TESTING INVESTORS' FAITH
Funds involved in Islamic finance are sometimes classified as "Sharia-compliant," or adhering to religious precepts such as avoiding investments in alcoholic beverage companies and businesses making or receiving interest payments.
Qasem said they preferred the term "Halal investing," referring to the Arabic word for "permitted" investments.
Islamic finance assets stood at $2 trillion worldwide in 2015, up from $1.7 trillion in 2012, according to the latest Thomson Reuters data.
The much smaller $4.6 billion U.S. Islamic finance sector, however, has grown little in recent years. Only a few institutions, mostly community banks, have significant Islamic lending practices.
Ibrahim Warde, an adjunct professor at Tufts University's Fletcher School, said the slow growth reflected both U.S. regulations that make some Islamic products difficult to offer and some Muslim financial executives' desire to avoid drawing attention, given the public mood.
"There's this question of keeping a low profile,” they said.
Sheraz Iftikhar, managing partner of New York wealth manager Arch Global Advisors, said their clients, who are mainly Muslim, had not changed their investment strategies lately.
"It's too early to see a change in Muslim investor sentiment," said Iftikhar.
Typical of Qasem's recent efforts is a measure that Azzad co-filed in January, calling on Google parent Alphabet Inc to adopt "Holy Land Principles" that would lead U.S. companies doing business is Israel to hire more Palestinian Arabs.
Azzad spokesperson Joshua Brockwell said Alphabet told the firm it would hold a vote on the measure at its annual meeting.
Azzad has also co-filed a shareholder resolution calling on Exxon Mobil Corp to disclose more about its spending on lobbying. Brockwell said the oil company would probably oppose the measure, as it did last year.
Spokesmen for Alphabet and Exxon declined to comment.
In addition, Qasem signed on to a Feb. 1 letter from the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and other groups, urging business leaders to use an upcoming meeting with Trump to speak out against their ban on travelers from a number of Muslim-majority nations. Courts have since blocked the restrictions, and the U.S. Justice Department has appealed the rulings.
While the ban jarred Qasem and some of their clients, they expressed optimism about U.S. economic growth prospects, given Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure investments. Higher interest rates could also help Azzad's holdings in low-debt companies, they said.
"After all," Qasem said of Trump, "he's a business person." (Reporting by Ross Kerber; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
First word
IT was a week full of messages that I will not soon forget. That it all happened during Holy Week 2017—the most sacred days in the Catholic calendar—is co-incidental.
The week began with President Rodrigo Duterte's departure from Manila on Sunday, April 9, for a weeklong state visit to the Middle East, specifically, the kingdoms of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain and the state of Qatar, which are the temporary home of nearly two million overseas Filipino workers (OFWs).
The President did not say why they picked the Holy Week for their Middle-East journey. As we now know from their nine-month-old presidency, DU30 has a penchant for punctuating their actions, decisions and behavior with a flourish. There are days when they present themselves as a Muslim, not a Christian, to the media.
DU30's first stop on Monday, April 10, was Saudi Arabia, where they met with King Salman. Their talks with their royal hosts are taken up by the economic troubles that forced the repatriation of thousands of Filipino workers, who are still waiting for the payment of their unpaid salaries.
The sharp fall in world oil prices since 2014 had caused a Saudi budget deficit of US$79 billion (Dh290.2billion) in 2016, resulting in the government owing billions to private companies it had contracted in the building industry.
King Salman hosted the Filipino President for lunch in the Saudi capital on Tuesday. The two governments signed a number of memorandums, including some dealing with labor.
Filipino organizations in the kingdom met with the President in Riyadh. Saudi Arabia still hosts about 800,000 workers from the Philippines. The workers' organizations presented a petition on the issue of unpaid wages to DU30.
From Saudi Arabia, DU30 travelled to Bahrain and Qatar, where they were also scheduled to meet with the rulers, top officials, the business communities, and Filipino workers' groups.
Message to Syria, mother of all bombs
After President Donald Trump ordered a missile attack on Syria a week before to punish Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the US dropped on Thursday, April 13, the “mother of all bombs” (MOAB) — the most powerful conventional bomb in the American arsenal— on an Islamic State cave complex in Afghanistan. The weapon was so massive it had to be dropped from the rear of a cargo plane.
Trump had ordered the firing of the 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Shayrat airbase in Syria on April 7, after more than 80 people were killed, including children, in a chemical weapons attack in Syria's Idlib province. The US blamed Assad for the carnage.
The US described the missile strike against Syria as a “measured response.”
The Afghan strike was the first combat use of what is formally named the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast, which the military has argued will help it defeat the Islamic State more speedily.
Mr. Trump called the MOAB bombing “another very, very successful mission.”
Message to North Korea
On Saturday, April 15, the US Pacific Command ordered its US Navy strike group led by the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier to make its way toward the Korean Peninsula “to maintain readiness” as Kim Jong-un's regime in North Korea prepared to mark key anniversaries during the week.
North Korea was expected to hold a huge military parade on Saturday to celebrate the 105th birthday of its founding president, Kim Il Sung, and to mark with similar fanfare the 85th anniversary of the creation of the Korean People's Army on April 25.
Analysts raised concerns that Pyongyang could be preparing for a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea attempted to fire the missile it had introduced during the military parade on April 15, but the show of force proves to be an embarrassing failure. The missile explodes at launch.
Which brings us to the end of Holy Week.
On Easter Sunday, April 16, world attention turns away from North Korea and Syria, and America towards the Vatican, the world's littlest state, and another leader, the pontiff of the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Francis, as they delivered their traditional Easter message to the Catholic faithful – Urbi et Orbi (To the city [of Rome]and to the world).
On Christianity's most joyful day, Pope Francis delivered a message that in its own way was as urgent and telling as the missile strike and the mother of all bombs.
To the city and the world
I take the account below from the Associated Press report on Pope Francis' Easter message. It is profoundly stirring in its own way.
Both in their impromptu homily during Mass in St. Peter's Square and later in their formal “Urbi et Orbi” Easter message delivered from the balcony of St. Peter's Basilica, Francis reflected on a litany of suffering in the world, including wars, oppressive regimes, human trafficking, corruption, famine and domestic violence.
They encouraged people to hold fast in their “fearful hearts” to faith, acknowledging that many people wonder where God is amid so much evil and suffering in the world.
Some 60,000 people, including multi-national throngs of pilgrims and tourists, endured tight anti-terrorism security checks—and, later, a brief downpour—to hear Francis and receive their blessing.
The crowd size, cited by the Vatican security forces, was smaller in comparison to some other Easters, when about 100,000 turned out for the occasion.
After Mass, Francis toured the square in their open-topped, white pope mobile and waved back to well-wishers.
In their balcony address, Francis prayed that God would sustain those working to comfort and help the civilian population in Syria, “prey to a war that continues to sow horror and death.”
They cited the explosion Saturday that ripped through a bus depot in the Aleppo area where evacuees were awaiting transfer, killing at least 100 people.
“Yesterday saw the latest vile attack on fleeing refugees,” the Pope said, also praying for peace in the Holy Land, Iraq and Yemen.
Separately, in a letter they sent to the bishop of Assisi, the birthplace of St. Francis, whose name they chose for their papacy, the Pope decried the “scandalous reality of a world still marked by the divide between the endless number of indigent” and the “tiny portion of those who possess the majority of riches and presume to decide the fates of humanity.”
Francis has repeatedly championed the dignity of migrants fleeing war, persecution or poverty. On Sunday, they recalled “all those forced to leave their homelands as a result of armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, famine and oppressive regimes.”
The church's first pontiff from Latin America voiced concern over the “political and social tensions” in the world as well as the “scourge of corruption” on their home continent. Francis also mentioned hostilities and famine plaguing parts of Africa.
Speaking of Europe's problems, Francis cited the continued conflict and bloodshed in Ukraine and prayed for hope for those struggling with high unemployment, especially young people.
Traditionally, the Pope gives no homily during the late-morning Easter Mass, saving their reflections for the “Urbi et Orbi” message at noon.
But Francis broke with that tradition, giving an off-the-cuff homily during Mass about what they described as a nagging question for many faithfuls: Why are there so many tragedies and wars if Jesus has risen from the dead, a belief that Christians celebrate each Easter?
“The Church never ceases to say, faced with our defeats, our closed and fearful hearts, ‘stop, the Lord is risen.' But if the Lord is risen, how come these things happen?” Francis asked.
They gestured toward the potted hyacinths, tulips and daffodils, which came from the Netherlands, and which were arranged in neat rows on the steps leading to the imposing church.
Easter “isn't a party with lots of flowers. This is pretty, but it's not this, it's more than this,” Francis said.
They said having faith on Easter gives sense in the middle of “so many calamities: the sense of looking beyond, the sense of saying, look, there isn't a wall, there's a horizon, there's life, there's joy.”
yenmakabenta@yahoo.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pareteum Corp:
* PARETEUM ACCELERATES EASTERN EUROPEAN EXPANSION WITH CONTRACT FROM ESTABLISHED RUSSIAN OPERATOR
* PARETEUM CORP - ‍SIGNED $1 MILLION 3-YEAR CONTRACT TO PROVIDE ITS GLOBAL CLOUD SERVICES PLATFORM TO AN ESTABLISHED RUSSIAN MOBILE VIRTUAL NETWORK OPERATOR​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ed Sheeran has two songs up for the same prize while Stormzy is up for best album and best contemporary song.
Stormzy will be hoping to follow up their Brits success with wins at a prestigious songwriting award ceremony on Thursday.
The grime star, 24, is up for best album for Gang Signs And Prayer and is also in the running for contemporary song for Don't Cry For Me, featuring Raleigh Ritchie.
Rapper Dave is also nominated for contemporary song for their politically charged track Question Time, which pays tribute to victims of the Grenfell Tower fire and takes on Theresa May and David Cameron.
Ed Sheeran (Ben Birchall/PA)
Ed Sheeran has two songs, which they co-wrote, in the running for most performed work, Castle On The Hill and Shape Of You.
They compete against Rag ‘n' Bone Man's Human in the category.
Nominees for best song musically and lyrically are Sampha's (No One Knows Me) Like The Piano, Elbow's Magnificent (She Says) and Everything Everything's Can't Do.
Everything Everything are also up for best album for A Fever Dream.
The Ivors celebrate excellence in British and Irish songwriting and composing.
© Press Association 2018
April 20 Assicurazioni Generali:
* De Agostini group CEO Lorenzo Pellicioli says to keep its 1.7 percent stake in the insurer steady for now Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
The German Central Bank (Bundesbank) presents the new 50 euro banknotes at its headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
FILE PHOTO: U.S. dollar notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
NEW YORK The dollar was flat on Friday as a Federal Reserve official's seemingly dovish remarks and uninspiring data on the U.S. economy "squelched" the sanguine mood from earlier this week.
The euro rebounded from a two-week trough, and the dollar fell to its low on the day against the Japanese yen after comments from New York Fed President William Dudley. Seen as one of the most important members of the Fed's rate-setting committee, Dudley said the central bank was in no rush to tighten monetary policy.
Their comments followed less-than-stellar data on U.S. consumer spending that showed that even as confidence hit its highest level in more than 16 years, Americans are still holding their wallets tightly.
"We're not seeing great sentiment one way or another, but bursts of enthusiasm this morning definitely got squelched by the comments and economic data," said Boris Schlossberg, managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management.
"A lot of the air went out of the balloon today because we didn't get quite the positive data set that we wanted and we're still getting relatively cautious commentary from the Fed."
Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, edged up just 0.1 percent last month.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six rival currencies, was little changed from its late Thursday levels at 100.39. Backed by early-week gains, however, it is headed for its best week since mid-February.
For the month, the dollar index fell 0.7 percent, its second fall in three months after three straight monthly gains to end 2016.
Similarly, the euro, which briefly hit its lowest since March 15, was on track for its worst week in seven as investors this week have revised their expectations for when the European Central Bank will begin to tighten monetary policy.
The euro was last flat against the dollar at $1.0686. It rose nearly 1 percent during the month.
The dollar hit a 10-day high against the yen in overnight trading, but reversed that move, touching its session low after Dudley's remarks. It was last down 0.55 percent at 111.34 yen. The dollar fell 1.2 percent against the yen in March.
The dollar rallied to its highest since early February against the South African rand after President Jacob Zuma fired finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle.
The dollar was last up 1.1 percent at 13.441 rand.
(Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A sign adorns the building where mining company BHP Billiton has their office in Perth, Western Australia, November 19, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray/File photo
SYDNEY Anglo-Australian miner BHP Billiton (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) said on Wednesday a minor shareholder's proposal to overhaul its corporate structure and spin off its U.S. oil division was flawed and would involve costs far beyond any benefits.
BHP made the comments in a detailed response to a letter from Elliott Advisors seeking the end of a structure that bases the firm in both London and Sydney, claiming that and other measures could unlock up to $46 billion (36.82 billion pounds) in shareholder value.
The miner initially dismissed the letter on Monday after the activist hedge fund made the contents public.
"The elements of the Elliott proposal as described to the board would not be in the long-term interest of shareholders," said BHP Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mackenzie on Wednesday.
"I cannot overstate my strong belief that BHP Billiton is on the right track," they said on a call with analysts.
In a statement, Elliott said the response from BHP to its proposed plan "misses the main point", and that the miner wanted to maintain a "legacy, value-distorting dual-listed company structure".
"Accepting the status quo will neither improve performance nor maximize shareholder value," Elliott said.
MAJOR FLAWS
The exchange comes as BHP enjoys a rise in commodity prices, albeit one that most miners expect to be short-lived. Elliott, meanwhile, is also lobbying for change at Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Dutch paint and chemicals group Akzo Nobel NV (AKZO.AS).
BHP's response offered no counterproposal to unlock shareholder value, saying the figure in Elliott's proposal was overstated. Instead, BHP defended its longstanding strategy and maintained oil was a "core" element.
"We have been in engagement with Elliott for eight months," Mackenzie said. "From our earliest engagements it was clear there were major flaws in Elliott's proposals."
BHP has previously examined and the rejected the possibility of changing its structure and spinning off its oil business.
"A standard petroleum business would lose access to BHP Billiton's balance sheet," Mackenzie said. "Were we to adopt this proposal our global partners would have to work with a Balkanised, broken up BHP Billiton."
SOME MERIT
Analysts generally saw some merit in Elliott's proposals, but none offered wholehearted endorsements.
"Their (BHP's) defence is talking about what a great margin business it (U.S. petroleum) is," said a mining analyst speaking on condition of anonymity due to employer restrictions on speaking with media.
"Shale gas prices and U.S. energy dynamics have changed a lot in the last five years. Yet you are looking on the past saying what a wonderful inclusion the business will be going forward," the analyst said.
Elliott, which on Monday said it had a "long economic interest" of about 4.1 percent in BHP's London-listed shares, wants the miner to be a single company domiciled in Britain, with a primary share-market listing in London and a secondary listing in Sydney.
"The (dual-listed structure) is not a restraint to our business," BHP Chief Financial Officer Peter Beaven told analysts. "It provides two important acquisition currencies in addition to cash."
Unifying the corporate structure in the manner proposed by Elliott could destroy at least $1.3 billion in value to save less than $2.5 million a year, according to BHP.
BHP also said its Australian shares currently trade at a 14 percent premium to its London shares. Australian shareholders would face downside risk if new London-listed shares adopted under Elliott proposal's were to trade at a blended price, it said.
(Additional reporting by Zandi Shabalala in London; Editing by Christopher Cushing and David Evans)
FRANKFURT European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April after small tweaks this month upset investors and raised the specter of surging borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery, six sources told Reuters.
One of the officials, who are in or close to the Governing Council, even said the ECB had been overinterpreted by markets at its March 9 meeting.
EXCLUSIVE: Greece and EU/IMF lenders agree on key labour reforms
Taken aback when markets started to price in an interest rate hike early next year, policymakers are keen to reassure investors that their easy-money policy is far from ending, suggesting a reluctance to change message before June, the sources said.
The euro, the bloc's government bond yields and banking stocks fell after the Reuters article was first published.
While the current level of bond yields remains acceptable, a further increase would be problematic, particularly in places like Italy, Spain and Portugal, where debt payments are a major cost item and rising yields would curb spending and thwart growth.
ANALYSIS: Italy's privatisation drive peters out as 2018 election moves closer
With the euro zone economy on its best run in almost a decade and conservative policymakers keen to start winding down stimulus, the ECB gave a small nod to improvement with a tweak of its guidance in early March, axing a reference to being ready to act with all available instruments.
But that message did not come across as hoped.
"We wanted to communicate reduced tail risk but the market took it as a step to the exit," one of the sources said. "The message was way overinterpreted."
Indeed, yields surged and investors quickly priced in a rate hike for the first quarter of 2018, even as policymakers tried in vain to play down those expectations.
The market move was exacerbated when Austrian central bank chief Ewald Nowotny openly discussed another possible change in bank's guidance, hinting at a major debate under the surface -- speculation that the sources dismissed.
ECB Chief Economist Peter Praet has been in damage control mode since, arguing that there is "strong logic" backing up the guidance, which stipulates that asset buys would have to end before any interest rate hike.
The ECB declined to comment.
With inflation below the ECB's target for four straight years until recently, the bank has cut rates deep into negative territory and plans to buy at least 2.3 trillion euros worth of bonds, all in the hope of cutting borrowing costs enough to revive growth and, with it, inflation.
NIGHTMARE
Some have argued that with the economy on more solid footing, the ECB could soon eliminate the punitive interest rate charge, raising the deposit rate to zero, even as asset purchases continue.
"That would be a communication nightmare," one of the sources said. "If you raise rates, you can't communicate that it's a one-off, only back to zero, then we stop again."
"The market would immediately price in a new rate path, pushing the entire curve sharply higher."
With the euro zone government debt at 91.3 percent of GDP, not far below the 94.5 percent peak hit in 2014, governments can hardly afford big rises in borrowing costs that could cap public spending, thwarting investment and growth.
The sources also argued that the market may not be accurately pricing risks related to the new U.S. administration, like the possibility of trade wars, protectionism, financial deregulation or President Donald Trump's difficulty in pushing their agenda through Congress.
Banks, the biggest losers from negative rates, have meanwhile benefited from the steepening of the yield curve this year so there is no urgency to give them a hand, the sources added.
Inflation having hit 2 percent last month, essentially meeting the ECB's target, also put some pressure on policymaker as German criticism of loose monetary policy heated up.
"Inflation has peaked for now and the oil price is down 10 percent so we are far from having to worry about too much inflation," a third source said.
While the sources acknowledged unexpected strength in the underlying economy, they said it was difficult to communicate this through policy statements, especially with underlying inflation showing few signs of moving up.
"A small change in the wording can easily be blown out of proportion," one of the sources said. "There is a communication risk and I would argue for stability."
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt and Catherine Evans)
April 28 SES SA:
* Q1 revenue EUR 540.6 million ($587.4 million) versus eUr 481.6 million year ago
* Q1 EBITDA EUR ‍​357.6 million versus EUR 356.2 million year ago
* Q1 operating profit EUR 186.7‍​ million versus EUR 214.2 million year ago
* Q1 net profit group share EUR 128.4 million versus EUR 115.1 million year ago
* Operating profit margin is expected to significantly improve to more than 40 pct in the medium term
* EBITDA margin expected to be broadly stable for FY 2017 and FY 2018 and rising slightly thereafter
* Reaffirms FY 2017 outlook Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9204 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's rand will be relatively stable against the dollar for the rest of 2017 as the impact of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan's shock dismissal and a credit rating cut to "junk" is already priced in, a Reuters poll found on Thursday.
The rand ZAR=D3 is expected to weaken from a current 13.7375 per dollar to 14.00 in 12 months' time, 8 cents firmer than last month's median. In six months, the rand is expected to firm to 13.5 per dollar.
That follows a near 7 percent sell-off last week triggered by President Jacob Zuma's abrupt decision to recall Gordhan from a trip to London and sack him, then put into full swing by the subsequent ratings downgrade by Standard & Poor's.
The rand has nevertheless been more resilient than in 2015 when Zuma sacked then-finance minister Nhlanhla Nene in 2015 and replaced them with a relatively unknown minister, analysts noted.
"One has to remember that Nene-gate was a total shock. It came out of the blue," said Hugo Pienaar, economist at the Bureau for Economic Research. "Whereas what has happened now, both the reshuffle and the ratings downgrade were not totally unexpected; to an extent they have been discounted."
Indeed, two Reuters polls published last year had already found most analysts expected a ratings downgrade to junk, most likely by S&P, by the end of 2016.
In the week of Dec. 9 2015, after Nene's dismissal, the rand lost over 10 percent of its value against the dollar. But last week, the rand fell by less.
About this time last month, the rand was comfortably leading the pack of 20 emerging market currencies tracked by Reuters. But it has dropped to fourth spot since last week's turmoil.
Zuma has replaced Gordhan with Malusi Gigaba and the ruling African National Congress says it has confidence in them and that they will retain policies set under the outgoing minister, seen by investors as a totem of policymaking stability in South Africa.
However, Pienaar warned the market could take different view if other agencies also downgrade the country's ratings.
Moody's, which grades South Africa two notches above junk status with a negative watch, is currently reviewing its rating. Fitch, which also has South Africa on negative watch but just one step away from junk, has not set a date for its next review.
HANGING ON EMERGING MARKET SENTIMENT
Like emerging market peers, South African assets have rallied since last year. That is based in part on better terms of trade this year due to a pick-up in emerging market growth and expectations the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. interest rates only three times in this cycle.
Piotr Matys of Rabobank said assuming the Fed raises rates gradually in the second half of the year, and once political tension subsides in South Africa, the rand may be able to trim some of its losses.
A Reuters poll taken last month after the Fed lifted rates for the second time in three months, showed Wall Street's top banks see two additional rate rises this year. Most expect at least three more in 2018. [FED/R]
But Pienaar said: "I don't buy this Trump story that they are going to be able to do a big fiscal stimulus ... I think the Fed will remain quite cautious and not be overly aggressive."
Other strategists however have said the market is just hanging onto the global risk rally, and that political developments in South Africa could still shake the rand.
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
MOSCOW, April 12 Russian inflation could fall below 4 percent in April-May, but inflation pressure in the second half of the year could make it difficult to keep inflation near the central bank's target in 2018, analysts at the Russian central bank said on Wednesday.
The analysts also said in a report that the current balance of inflation risks allowed for a gradual reduction of the central bank's key rate.
The central bank should be careful with lowering the key rate to keep inflation near 4 percent in 2018-2019, and Russian gross domestic product could grow by 2 percent this year, they added. Next key rate policy meeting is set for April 28.
The opinions expressed by the analysts do not necessarily reflect the official position of the central bank. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya and Alexander Winning; editing by Katya Golubkova)
LIVERPOOL, England, April 9 Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare said Sunday's 4-2 loss at Everton, their first defeat since taking over from Claudio Ranieri, would not affect their squad as they prepare for a Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid.
The champions had won all five Premier League games under Shakespeare, as well as defeating Sevilla in the Champions League, but despite being 2-1 up after ten minutes, the winning run ended at Goodison Park.
Yet Shakespeare said they had no fears their confidence or momentum would be hampered before the first leg of their historic tie in Madrid on Wednesday.
"I don't think so at all. The players are resilient. I have just told them we have been on a really good run and we have to start again, we have to go on another good run," they added.
Shakespeare made five changes at Everton and confirmed they had done so with future fixtures in mind.
"I think the team selection was with the games coming up in mind. We've got a lot coming up -- Wednesday, Saturday and Tuesday -- but we've got a good squad," they said.
"We didn't come to try to get a point, the team was picked to try to get three points. The selection was about squad rotation more than anything else."
Despite going down to a Tom Davies goal in the first minute, Leicester fought back to lead 2-1 before Everton regrouped and put the game beyond them.
Shakespeare fell one game short of equalling the record for a manager's best start to a career in the Premier League, the six-match landmark held jointly by Carlo Ancelotti and Pep Guardiola.
Yet they were unconcerned about personal milestones, being more worried about their team's defending at corners, which cost Leicester the decisive last two goals.
"Everton have some very good offensive players but in general it was the set plays that were the most disappointing because ultimately they have won the game on two of those," they said.
"We weren't aggressive enough and didn't have enough intent to go and attack the ball, so from that point of view it was more of how we defended as a team."
Shakespeare confirmed the expected news that captain and central defender Wes Morgan would not be able to play in Madrid due to the back injury which kept them out of the clash at Goodison. (Editing by Ian Chadband)
Construction workers carry steel meshing at the site for the new Crossrail station in Tottenham Court Road, in London, Britain, November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON The productivity of Britain's workforce grew at its fastest rate in more than a year in the final three months of 2016, though it remained lacklustre compared with before the financial crisis, official data showed on Wednesday.
British labour productivity has long lagged behind that in the United States, Germany and France, depressing wage growth and raising questions about the country's competitiveness as it prepares to leave the European Union.
There was a modest improvement in the last quarter of 2016, when economic output per hour worked rose by 0.4 percent, picking up from a one-year low of 0.2 percent in the previous three-month period, the Office for National Statistics said.
Compared with a year earlier, productivity rose by 1.2 percent, the fastest growth since the second quarter of 2015, after falling year-on-year in the three months to September.
"Quarterly growth (in output per hour) of 0.4 percent is below the 1994 to 2007 average - which even taken together with recent stronger quarters, provides little sign of an end to the UK's 'productivity puzzle'," the ONS said.
Productivity is just 1.1 percent above its peak before Britain entered recession in early 2008.
One factor behind Britain's weak productivity record has been a mix of strong job creation - which has led to a record number of people in work, though often in low-skilled roles - but more modest growth in output.
In the three months to December there was a partial reversal of this pattern. The number of people in work rose by 37,000 - well below its average in recent years - while the economy grew by 0.7 percent, comfortably above average.
It is unclear if productivity will continue to improve.
An increase in Britain's minimum wage in April should push employers to get more out of their workers, but the scope for gains may be limited in the low-skilled sectors that have grown strongly since the financial crisis.
Moreover, productivity gains often require significant investment in staff training and equipment. Businesses might be reluctant to do so given uncertainty about Britain's economic prospects once it leaves the EU in under two years' time, said Howard Archer, an economist at IHS Markit.
"This could be compounded if foreign companies markedly reduce their investment in the UK and this dilutes any beneficial spillover of skills and knowledge," Archer said.
(Editing by William Schomberg and Angus MacSwan)
Wheels were stolen from a car parked in Burton Latimer.
Offenders broke into the car, parked at Prescott Motor Company, Kettering Road, and searched it before stealing all four alloy wheels and tyres, leaving the car on bricks.
The incident took place between 6pm on Monday (October 2) and 9.30am on Tuesday (October 3).
Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed this incident or who may have any information regarding it.
Witnesses or anyone with information about this incident can contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
One of the children phoned Triple-0.
One of the children phoned Triple-0. Max Pixel
A LABOURER from Mackay was charged with their fifth breach of a domestic violence order after one of their children managed to phone 000 during a volatile screaming match.
The actions of the youngster resulted in the 32-year-old pleading guilty to an aggravated contravention of the order protecting their partner.
They were brought into Mackay Magistrates Court from Mackay Watch-house on Monday after the breach on Sunday.
Magistrate Damien Dwyer said the man had been "getting on the grog and started bluing again", chiding them for their behaviour.
The man, who can't be legally name, and their partner took their son, aged five, out to a sporting event before grabbing alcohol for they and their wife, the court heard.
"They got into an argument over the children misbehaving," defence solicitor Danny Yarrow, of Legal Aid, explained.
"His child heard the argument and called police. The complaint was made by one of the children (aged 10 months, three and five)."
Mr Yarrow noted the man had not been physically violent and had been staying at the residence.
The man was described as having a "flippant attitude" to orders by Mr Dwyer but they did dodge jail-time.
Mr Dwyer sentenced the man to two months' jail, suspended for two years.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
March 30 ACT Fibernet
* Launch of 1GBPS (giga speeds) wired broadband internet service for the city of Hyderabad Source text - (ACT Fibernet, India's largest non-telco and 3rd largest Internet Service Provider today announced the launch of 1Gbps (Giga speeds) wired broadband internet service for the city of Hyderabad. Launched in the presence of Shri. K. Taraka Rama Rao, Minister for IT, Municipal Administration and Urban Development and Industries (MAUD), ACT Fibernet is the first player in the Indian internet market to GIGA enable an entire Indian city. )
BERLIN A victory for far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the second round of France's presidential election on May 7 would mean the end of the European Union in its existing form, Germany's Europe minister said on Friday.
As runner-up in last Sunday's opening ballot, Le Pen remains the underdog going into the run-off, but several polls have suggested they made a more impressive start to the last lap of campaigning than their rival Emmanuel Macron.
Following Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Le Pen wants to hold a referendum on France's EU membership after six months of negotiations to turn the bloc into a loose cooperative of nations.
Asked whether a Le Pen victory would mean the end of the EU, Germany's Europe Minister Michael Roth told Reuters: "It would be the end of the EU as we know it.
"I don't want to speculate but of course this would have massive consequences for a united Europe," they said. "It would be a clear signal that things cannot go on as they are."
An opinion poll on Friday showed Macron beating Le Pen by 60 percent to 40 percent in the run-off vote.
On Thursday, Le Pen said they wanted to replace the "grey" EU with a "happy Europe", in a speech that focused on their plans to build back border checks, but they did not mention their anti-euro stance.
Macron is in favour of closer European integration, although in interviews on Thursday they sought to present a tough position on countries they felt do not play by the rules.
"I am pleased that Macron is in first place and has a good chance to win the election," said Roth.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with their Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan during a news conference following their talks in Sochi, Russia, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
SOCHI, Russia The leaders of Russia and Turkey on Wednesday publicly re-affirmed their commitment to working together to end the conflict in Syria, despite a gas attack on a Syrian city that tested their fragile alliance.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and their Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan, both subject to mounting criticism from Western governments over their rights records, have formed a pact on Syria despite backing rival sides in the civil conflict there.
They met on Wednesday in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, their first meeting since a deadly April 4 chemical attack on the Syrian city of Khan Sheikhoun.
Erdoğan at the time blamed the attack on Russia's ally, the Syrian government, while Putin suggested the attack had been faked to discredit Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Speaking to reporters after their talks, Putin and Erdoğan said they were still focused on working together to end the conflict in Syria, which has turned the country into a breeding ground for violent Islamist militant groups.
“We stand by our Russian friends in the fight against terror,” Erdoğan said at a joint press conference, standing alongside Putin.
Both leaders said they would maintain their support for a stop-start peace process, based in the Kazakh city of Astana, in which Moscow, Ankara and Tehran are co-sponsors.
In the latest round of talks there, representatives of Syria's armed opposition said they were suspending their participation.
SAFE ZONES
Erdoğan and Putin also voiced support for a proposal, backed by U.S. President Donald Trump, to create so-called safe zones in Syria to protect civilians from the fighting.
"We all take the view that we need to... create mechanisms that would guarantee a cessation of bloodshed and create the conditions for the start of a political dialogue. In this respect our position and that of the Turkish president totally coincide," Putin said.
On the gas attack, Putin and Erdoğan did not mention previous differences over who was to blame. Instead, Erdoğan said that they had reached agreement with Putin that whoever was responsible should be punished.
Russia's military intervention in support of Assad has kept the Syrian president in power, while Turkey backs the armed opposition groups who are trying to oust him.
Turkey shot down a Russian air force jet in 2015 near the Turkish-Syrian border, creating a diplomatic crisis and prompting trade sanctions. Putin and Erdoğan say they have put that crisis behind them.
Some diplomats see the alliance between Erdoğan and Putin as offering at least a chance of steering the warring sides in Syria towards talks after six years of fighting that has killed hundreds and thousands of people and displaced millions.
Some of the trade restrictions introduced after the Russian jet was shot down are still in place, a lingering irritation in Russian-Turkish relations.
After the talks in Sochi on Wednesday, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said Turkey had agreed to lift restrictions on imports of Russian wheat within days. There was no immediate confirmation of this from Turkish officials.
Turkey is the second largest Russian wheat importer after Egypt. For Turkey's flour millers, Russian wheat is one of the most important sources of supply.
Putin, at their joint news conference with Erdoğan, said though that Russia would leave in place for now some of its restrictions on Turkey -- an embargo on tomato imports and curbs on entry visas for Turkish citizens.
Putin said that Russia would resume buying Turkish tomatoes, but it needed time to make sure that Russian farmers who sank money into growing tomatoes at home did not lose out on their investment.
(Additional reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu and Ece Toksabay in ANKARA; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Media Contact
Alex Yearham, Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds
Website: www.naturalplaygrounds.ca
1-800-306-3319 ext 159
***@naturalplaygrounds.ca Alex Yearham, Bienenstock Natural PlaygroundsWebsite: www.naturalplaygrounds.ca1-800-306-3319 ext 159
End
-- Newly revamped Discovery Center (ODC) and Little Hawks Discovery Preschool in Holland Michigan provides a positive environment for children and it's getting even better. A Natural Playground designed by the internationally acclaimed team at Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds is scheduled to open at Discovery Center and Little Hawks Preschool Monday, September 18th.The Outdoor Discovery Center's Bienenstock Natural Playground consists of a variety of authentic, all natural components, handcrafted in Canada. It's opening is certain to bring an exciting new level of outdoor learning and play to the environment."Learning and development are so much more than just sitting in a classroom," says Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds Founder and CEO Adam Bienenstock. "A Bienenstock natural playground provides children the opportunity to learn where they play and enhances the development of all skill types - gross motor, fine motor, and cognitive. We're thrilled to bring this new form of play and learning to the Outdoor Discovery Center in Holland Michigan."The Ontario based design team at Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds created a custom plan for ODC Holland Michigan that includes a Living Gazebo, Log Tunnels, Hill Slides, Sideways Tree Climbers, Musical Play Area, Hanging Amadinda, and much more.Outdoor Discovery Center and Little Hawks Discovery Preschool joins a long list of progressive schools, outdoor recreation facilities, and childcare centers offering the enriched experience of a Bienenstock Natural Playground. For more information visit www.naturalplaygrounds.ca - 30 -About Bienenstock Natural PlaygroundsBienenstock Natural Playgrounds creates play spaces that connect kids to nature and inspire optimal child development for as many communities as possible. Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds' components are handcrafted in Canada by master craftspeople using locally sourced, all-natural materials. Bienenstock Natural Playgrounds can be found throughout Canada and the world. www.naturalplaygrounds.caAbout The Outdoor Discovery Center in Holland MichiganThe Outdoor Discovery Center Macatawa Greenway (ODCMG) is a registered 501 (c)(3)non-profit education and conservation organization that was founded in the year 2000. Our purpose is to connect people with nature through outdoor education for the benefit of wildlife and the conservation of the natural world.www.outdoordiscovery.orgAbout Little Hawks Discovery PreschoolLittle Hawks Discovery Preschool is a nature-based preschool program for three and four-year-olds that began through a partnership between the Hamilton Community Schools and the Outdoor Discovery Center Macatawa Greenway. The preschool is located on the Outdoor Discovery Center Nature Preserve. Children spend time outdoors each day, learning through active play and exploration.The Mission of the Little Hawks Discovery Preschool is to provide a quality early childhood experience that prepares young children to be active, independent learners who have knowledge of and an appreciation for the natural world.www.outdoordiscovery.orgFacebook: @bienenstockplaygroundsTwitter: @bienenstockInstagram: @bienenstocknaturalplaygrounds
By Radio.com Staff
Former castmember Jimmy Fallon hosted Saturday Night Live tonight (April 15), and after appearing in the cold open as Jared Kushner (with Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump), they did their opening monologue which was mostly musical.
Related: Rock and Roll Hall 2017 of Fame Recap: Pearl Jam, Nile Rodgers, Tupac
They were joined by recent Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Nile Rodgers for a full version of David Bowie's classic “Let's Dance” (which Rodgers produced). Fallon was joined by the SNL cast, a troop of backing dancers, and musical guest Harry Styles, for a take on the song. It wasn't funny, but it was pretty amazing, and a nice tribute to the Thin White Duke.
WELLINGTON Kane Williamson felt there were numerous positives to take out of New Zealand's international season even if they were deprived of a victorious climax to it by the Hamilton rain.
South Africa clinched the three-match series 1-0 on Wednesday after the final day of the third test at Seddon Park was washed out without a ball being bowled, ensuring the Proteas would hold on for a draw.
"Although it's frustrating with today and not being able to get some cricket in, on a positive note, it has been a good season," captain Williamson said after umpires Rod Tucker and Bruce Oxenford called off the match.
"I still think while there have been some positives in terms of results, it's about growth with a number of transitions in personnel. There are a lot of positives.
"Good to get some wins along the way but, as a unit, we have grown together and coming into this last game to perhaps play our best test match is a really good sign."
Williamson's test side is still finding its feet but beat Pakistan 2-0 in a series late last year and followed that with a victory over Bangladesh by the same margin.
While the Proteas proved altogether tougher opponents, it was the weather which had the last word on a finely-poised first test in Dunedin, with a final day washout again forcing a draw.
In the second test in Wellington, New Zealand suffered their only defeat of the home season.
Suffering one of the mental collapses that has so often hampered their test game, New Zealand were undone by left-arm spinner Keshav Maharaj on a Basin Reserve pitch that was offering them little or no assistance and lost by eight wickets.
They had to play the third test without new ball duo Trent Boult and Tim Southee as well as batting mainstay Ross Taylor but newcomers Jeet Raval, Tom Latham and Colin de Grandhomme stepped up with the bat.
Matt Henry, so often the fourth choice seamer for a team which usually fields a three-pronged pace attack, took the new ball with relish and claimed career-best figures of 4-93 in the first innings.
"I think the pleasing thing for us was that we're showing signs of improvement with a number of experienced players out as well, the guys stepped up and contributed," Williamson added.
"Someone like Jeet getting challenged by probably the best bowling attack in world cricket and fronting up game after game was outstanding, especially against the new ball.
"Matt Henry, who probably deserves more opportunities through the year to see them take wickets with the new ball it's good for the depth.
"I think it is a good one to build from in test cricket."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
AUSTIN, Texas Triple MotoGP world champion Marc Marquez took their fifth successive Grand Prix of the Americas victory on Sunday while 38-year-old Italian great Valentino Rossi surged into the championship lead.
Rossi finished runner-up and three seconds behind Marquez to take over at the top after Yamaha teammate Maverick Vinales, winner of the season's first two races, crashed out on the second lap.
Marquez had been on pole for the fifth year in a row at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, but lost out at the start to Honda teammate and fellow-Spaniard Dani Pedrosa who made a great getaway from the second row of the grid.
With Vinales gone, their bike sliding from under them at turn 18, the two Honda riders battled each other for the lead until Marquez made a move stick on the ninth of 21 laps and began pulling away.
Rossi was handed a 0.3 second penalty for gaining an advantage by cutting the track on lap seven but made sure that was of no consequence by passing Pedrosa for second place on lap 19 and finishing more than two seconds clear.
The Italian now has 56 points after three races with Vinales on 50 and Marquez moving up to third on 38.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Ken Ferris)
FILE PHOTO: A man walks past the headquarters of Puerto Rican power utility PREPA (also known as AEE) in San Juan, Puerto Rico, June 30, 2015. REUTERS/Alvin Baez-Hernandez
NEW YORK Creditors of Puerto Rico's struggling power authority, PREPA, have presented the island's government with a counter-offer to restructure the utility's $8.9 billion of debt, several people familiar with discussions said on Wednesday.
Officials from the U.S. territory's fiscal agent, known by its Spanish acronym AAFAF, received the offer during meetings with creditors this week, said the sources, who requested anonymity because the talks are private.
While terms of the offer remain confidential, it is premised on delaying principal payments for several years to free up cash in the short-term so PREPA can ease electricity rates for consumers, one of the sources said.
The offer likely means a short extension of a Friday deadline to approve a debt restructuring at PREPA, two of the people said, with one saying the extension would last until next Wednesday.
AAFAF officials were planning to brief Governor Ricardo Rossello on the offer in the coming days, one of the sources said. Minimizing rate increases has been a key talking point for Rossello as they angled for new terms.
The fact that the parties are working on a deal at all is significant, given recent caustic rhetoric from creditors frustrated with Rossello's demands for added concessions.
A spokesperson for Rossello had no immediate comment on Wednesday.
A pending debt restructuring at PREPA has been in place since December 2015. Under that plan, creditors would accept 15 percent reductions in repayment in exchange for higher-rated bonds backed by a charge on customer bills.
When Rossello took office in January, many expected them to rubber-stamp the deal as-is. They campaigned last year on compromising with creditors and trying to minimize cuts to repayment.
Instead, they called for reopening talks to obtain more concessions and limit the burden on consumers. They unveiled a proposal this month, to a chilly reception from creditors, that would have altered the agreement, including by removing the requirement for the new bonds to earn investment-grade ratings.
Their wrangling has concerned investors who view PREPA as a bellwether for their approach to restructuring $70 billion in public debt that is pushing Puerto Rico's economy towards collapse.
"If the governor truly wants to spur the economy of the island, the most important thing they can do is get deals done," one creditor source told Reuters this week.
Rossello has said Puerto Rico's fiscal situation has changed since the initial deal was reached and that they were not looking "to destroy a deal, I'm here to get a better one."
Expiration of the pending deal, without a new one in place, could open PREPA to lawsuits from creditors and cast doubt on its ability to afford supply contracts and a $455 million debt payment due on July 1.
The federally appointed board that manages Puerto Rico's finances has said it supports tweaking the PREPA deal, which was reached before last year's passage of the federal Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA.
That law gives the island more negotiating leverage in talks with creditors by allowing it to push struggling agencies like PREPA into bankruptcy if consensual deals cannot be reached.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Leslie Adler and Richard Chang)
BEIJING, April 13 China's central bank will improve its policy toolkit this year in order to maintain financial stability, the People's Bank of China's (PBOC) said on its website on Thursday.
The PBOC will also focus on preventing cross-sector, cross-market financial risks, central bank vice governor Fan Yifei said at an internal meeting.
China's central bank resumed injections into the money market after a near three-week absence, in an apparent bid to ease fears of a cash crunch in the financial system following massive drains from maturing debt instruments. (Reporting by Kevin Yao and Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Asian buyers take 2.01 mln bpd of Iran oil in Feb * The rise is 22.4 pct month-on-month * India, South Korea imports more than double By Osamu Tsukimori TOKYO, March 31 Imports of Iranian crude by its four main buyers in Asia rose about 58 percent in February from a year ago when Western sanctions on Tehran had only just been lifted. Iran's top four Asian buyers - China, India, South Korea and Japan - imported 2.01 million barrels per day (bpd) last month, government and ship-tracking data showed, the highest volumes since at least 2010, International Energy Agency data showed. Iran was exempted from an OPEC deal to reduce output by 1.2 million bpd starting Jan. 1, a victory for Tehran which has argued it needs to regain the market share it lost under Western sanctions over its disputed nuclear programme. Japan's trade ministry on Friday released official data showing its Iranian imports came to 230,297 bpd last month. Japan likely skipped Iran crude loading this month as buyers waited for the government to extend sovereign ship insurance in the new fiscal year that starts in April. The following tables show Asia's Iran crude imports in bpd for last month and the year to date. Nation Feb-17 Feb-16 yr/yr pct China 657,901 537,969 22.3 India 647,000 215,800 199.8 Japan 230,297 239,088 -3.7 Korea 477,643 282,207 69.3 Total 2,012,841 1,275,064 57.9 Nation Jan-Feb 2017 Jan-Feb 2016 yr/yr pct China 523,839 470,864 11.3 India 598,400 192,500 210.9 Japan 219,275 215,821 1.6 Korea 477,847 244,183 95.7 Total 1,819,361 1,123,368 62.0 (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Edmund Blair)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Conclusions: A considerable share of websites of licensed community pharmacies in Great Britain, the Netherlands, Canada, and Australia combine clinical services with commercial services. Previous research into the presence of a combination of commercial and professional services suggests that such a combination may lead to increased interest in commercial services that may be unnecessary or inappropriate to patients' health.
Results: The top five specific services mentioned on the community pharmacy websites were cosmetic products (126/200, 63.0%), medication refill request options (124/200, 62.0%), over-the-counter medicine (115/200, 57.5%), complementary and alternative medicine (107/200, 53.5%), and home medical aids (98/200, 49.0%). On average, 72.5% (145/200) of the community pharmacy websites across the 4 countries included a combination of clinical and commercial services. A combination of clinical and commercial services was more often present on chain pharmacy websites (120/147, 82.8%) than single pharmacy websites (25/53, 47%; P
Putting Sihanoukville on the tourist map
More and more tourists are discovering the coastal city of Sihanoukville. The Post's Cheng Sokhorng sat down with Taing Socheatkresna, head of Preah Sihanouk's provincial tourism department, to discuss the past, present and future of the city's tourism.
Many tourists complained of gouging after prices of hotels and restaurants spiked in the days leading up to last month's Sea Festival, and asked the government to intervene. Why didn't it?
The government has spent a lot of time training and educating the operators and staff of the tourism establishments. We want them to understand the importance of quality, service, hygiene, public order and the environment. And one of the most important aspects of this is for hotel operators, restaurateurs and vendors to maintain stable prices.
If they increase prices, it should only be by about 10 percent of their regular price. However, we must admit that some of them increased their prices by about 50 percent, which is not good for future business as it will diminish tourists' confidence, and they will not come back to visit again. And our challenge is to control this issue.
That said, however, we found that most hotels kept prices stable or increased just by 10 or 20 percent.
The government recently ordered all coastal speedboat ferry services to sell tickets at $20. Why intervene here?
We had to intervene in ferry ticket pricing as even though we promote a free market we need to ensure it is sustainable in the long-term to preserve the quality of tourism.
Previously, there were a lot of different ferry companies and they tried to attract tourists by undercutting each other's prices. Some ferries were charging just $15 including food, but now we've set a more sustainable price of $20.
What impact do you expect the recently launched renovation of Sihanoukville's airport will have on the province's economy?
Air travel plays an important role in promoting tourism. We know that in order to attract tourists, we need good infrastructure capable of handling direct flights and large aircraft from our main inbound markets.
When we have a standard airport, the improved connectivity will not only benefit the tourism sector, it will support the province's commerce, investment in special economic zones and meetings, incentives, conferences and events (MICE) sector.
Global hotel chain Marriott plans to open a hotel in Sihanoukville. What does it mean to have an international five-star brand come in, and do you expect more to follow?
We heard that Marriott is planning to open in Sihanoukville, which is really important for the city as a tourism destination. To attract high-class tourists we must have high-class products to serve them.
We currently have quality local brands such as the Sokha Hotel and Independence Hotel, but we need an internationally recognised five-star brand such as Marriott to attract high-class tourists, such as tycoons and Hollywood stars.
Is the Tourism Ministry's goal to turn Sihanoukville into a mini-Macau, or is there a plan to contain the boom in new casino operations?
Turning Sihanoukville into a mini-Macau is one possibility as casinos make the city an attractive destination for Chinese tourists. But this would not mean developing a city entirely based on casinos, as we would need to have an international-standard airport, port, train station and highway to Phnom Penh. We also need hotels, restaurants, malls and entertainment activities. Only then will Sihanoukville become a diversified tourism city.
So what developments do you expect to diversify its tourism product?
Our development plan is based on multiple tourism products, as when we have products to satisfy tourists they will stay longer. This is not just focused on beach tourism, but also on providing tourists with entertainment options such as cultural performances, karaoke, casinos, etc.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
March 31 Narayana Hrudayalaya Ltd
* Says Narayana Hrudayalaya surgical hospital to partner with Dharamshila Cancer Foundation & Research Centre
* Says agreements for the provision of healthcare services at Dharamshila Hospital & Research Centre in Delhi
* Says presently oncology focused unit will be upgraded to super speciality tertiary care unit Source text: bit.ly/2nqnY8f Further company coverage:
German Chancellor and leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) Angela Merkel arrives for a news conference in Berlin, Germany, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
BERLIN Support for German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives has risen to its highest level in two years in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most populous state, albeit on a par with its main opposition, a poll showed on Sunday.
The Infratest dimap poll, conducted for broadcaster WDR, showed the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) adding four percentage points to reach 34 percent, while the Social Democrats (SPD) dropped three percentage points, also to 34 percent.
That was the best result for the CDU since December 2015. It was the first time that the two parties stood neck-and-neck in the polls since October, when they both had 31 percent support.
The state is currently governed by a SPD-Green coalition.
Voters in the state go to the polls on May 14 in what could be a bellwether for national elections in September. A strong showing for the CDU in the state could bode well for Merkel's bid to secure a fourth term.
The latest poll showed a one-percentage point drop for the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), which is poised to head further to the right after a controversial party congress in Cologne, in the heart of the state.
The pro-business Free Democrats (EDP) gained one percentage point to 10 percent, while the pro-environment Greens remained unchanged at 6 percent and the Left party was at 5 percent, with just enough votes to win seats in the state parliament.
If the election were held now, the ruling SDP-Green coalition would not have enough votes to rule, and even a "red-red-green" coalition including the Left party would not be possible.
Infratest dimap surveyed 1,000 eligible voters April 18-20.
The poll raised further doubts about the "Schulz effect," a sharp rise in the polls for the centre-left SPD after the party nominated former European Parliament president Martin Schulz to challenge Merkel in the Sept. 24 national election.
The SPD party also lost support in a vote in the Saar state in March, compared with its results in 2012.
Norbert Roettgen, a member of the CDU and head of the parliamentary foreign affairs committee, told broadcaster Deutschlandfunk that Schulz's gains were "turning out more and more to be a flash in the pan" rather than a substantive shift in the German electorate.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
Mongolian flag flies on the top of parliament building in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, June 29, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee
ULAANBAATAR Japan has committed $850 million in loans to Mongolia as part of a bailout to help rescue the country's struggling economy, Mongolia's finance ministry said on Wednesday.
Mongolia, landlocked between China and Russia, agreed to a $5.5 billion bailout from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as other institutions and countries in February.
The cash-strapped Asian country saw its economy grow just 1 percent last year, its lowest in seven years, and it has struggled to maintain the value of its currency and manage its debts following a collapse in foreign investment and a decline in commodity prices.
The $850 million loan from Japan was agreed during a visit to Tokyo this week by the chairperson of Mongolia's parliament, Miyeegombo Enkhbold, said an official at the Finance Ministry. Negotiations have not yet been completed, the official added.
"This amount is almost equal to all soft loans provided by Japan to Mongolia since its transition to a democracy and market economy," said analyst Dale Choi at Mongolian Metals & Mining in a note on Tuesday.
The loan comes in addition to the three-year IMF Extended Credit Facility worth $440 million, as well as an extension to a 15 billion yuan ($2.18 billion) swap line Mongolia's central bank has agreed with the People's Bank of China.
Japan and South Korea, will provide up to $3 billion in aid, the IMF said in its February announcement.
Lawmakers, however, must still act to ensure the bailout goes through when Mongolia's parliament reconvenes on April 5 after a recess.
As part of the IMF deal, parliament is expected to vote on legislation that will generate revenue and reduce spending, with hikes in taxes and cuts in social welfare expected.
Mongolia's pivot to Japan and South Korea for expanded trade and development is the result of its "Third Neighbor" policy strategy aimed at easing its dependence on Russia and China. Mongolia's has been one of the countries most affected by China's economic slowdown.
Last year, Japan and Mongolia enacted a free trade agreement that grants zero tax on certain imports and exports, including Mongolian coal and cashmere.
(Reporting by Terrence Edwards; Editing by David Stanway and Shri Navaratnam)
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, May 2 Latin American currencies seesawed on Tuesday as traders stood pat ahead of a Federal Reserve policy decision and key U.S. jobs market data later in the week. The Fed was expected to hold interest rates steady on Wednesday but may hint it was on track for an increase in June, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Higher U.S. rates could dampen the allure of high-yielding emerging market bonds, reducing the value of their currencies. Also providing hints about the path of U.S. monetary policy, the U.S. Labor Department was scheduled to release on Friday April's nonfarm payrolls report. Analysts have generally been optimistic over the figures, with economists forecasting a 185,000 payroll gain, up from March's 98,000. The Brazilian real strengthened 0.1 percent following a long weekend, while the Mexican peso was down 0.7 percent. The Chilean peso slipped 0.1 percent, pressured by a decline in prices of copper. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index rose 2 percent, supported by shares of banks such as Banco Bradesco SA and Itaú Unibanco Holding SA. Trading volumes were thin as investors awaited further developments in the government's efforts to pass wide structural reforms, including a pension system revamp. Bets on stronger-than-expected opposition in Congress have reduced demand for Brazilian assets in recent weeks. Falling shares of planemaker Embraer SA helped to limit gains of the index following a 59 percent drop in first-quarter net income. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1600 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 988.26 0.87 13.63 MSCI LatAm 2653.13 1.32 11.87 Brazil Bovespa 66521.21 1.71 10.45 Mexico IPC 49590.64 0.67 8.65 Chile IPSA 4855.80 1.27 16.97 Chile IGPA 24363.48 1.14 17.50 Argentina MerVal 21053.41 0.15 24.44 Colombia IGBC 10216.25 0.18 0.87 Venezuela IBC 57972.29 0.49 82.85 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1699 0.10 2.50 Mexico peso 18.7870 -0.31 10.42 Chile peso 668 -0.19 0.40 Colombia peso 2945.45 -0.19 1.90 Peru sol 3.249 -0.18 5.08 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.2850 0.75 3.86 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.9 0.57 5.79 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
PARIS, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Despite Monaco fans' concerns that French prodigy Kylian Mbappe might be leaving, they know they can still trust Radamel Falcao after the Colombian striker hit a treble in a 4-1 win at Dijon in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
France international Mbappe was left on the bench amid speculation that they want to join rivals Paris St Germain but they were not needed as Monaco equalled the record of 14 consecutive wins in the French league.
Falcao scored twice before the break and once after to take their tally to four goals in two games while Jemerson netted another.
Monaco are second on six points behind Olympique Lyonnais on goal difference. Dijon, who reduced the arrears through Wesley Said just before halftime, are bottom of the standings after two defeats.
PSG will join them on six points later on Sunday if they beat En Avant Guingamp away in record singing Neymar's expected debut.
Monaco took the reins early on, with Falcao finding the back of the net in the third minute when they latched onto Thomas Lemar's corner.
Midway through the first half, defender Jemerson scored their second goal of the season with an overhead kick from Joao Moutinho's corner.
The Colombian added a third eight minutes from the break by curling a shot into the top corner from the edge of the box.
Said reduced the arrears on the stroke of halftime with a low shot, only for Falcao to head home another one six minutes into the second half.
Earlier, Lille were beaten 3-0 at promoted RC Strasbourg, conceding all three goals after striker Nicolas de Preville took over as goalkeeper following the sending off of Mike Maignan in the 63rd minute.
Lille coach Marcelo Bielsa had already made their three substitutions and after De Preville had made a good save in the 72nd minute, there was nothing they could do to deny Jonas Martin and Jerermy Grimm or stop Dimitri Lienard's penalty.
It was Strasbourg's first win in Ligue 1 since their return this season after a nine-year absence. (Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Rex Gowar; Editing by XXXX)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
(Updates with SCA declines to comment, background, detail)
STOCKHOLM, April 13 A group of private equity companies have bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.3 billion) for the hygiene arm of tissue and forestry products firm SCA, Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter said, citing unnamed sources.
Sweden's SCA said last year it planned to split into two listed units, a hygiene products firm and a forestry company. The split was formally approved at the group's annual meeting last week.
"At least two private equity companies together have bid around 200 billion crowns for the hygiene unit," Dagens Nyheter said in a report that first appeared on its Web site on Wednesday night. The newspaper did not name the private equity firms.
SCA, which counts U.S. firms Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark among its main rivals, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters on Thursday.
SCA hygiene business is the world's largest maker of incontinence pads and the second largest in consumer tissues such as napkins and toilet paper. Its forestry arm produces paper, pulp and wood products.
The group, which has yet to complete its planned split, currently has an overall market value of 194 billion crowns.
Last year, SCA's hygiene business accounted for 86 percent of the group's total sales.
($1 = 8.9859 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Simon Johnson and Johannes Hellstrom; Editing by Mark Bendeich)
PARIS May 3 France's Thales on Wednesday posted an 11.9 percent rise in first-quarter revenues compared with the same period a year ago, led by its aerospace division and reaffirmed its 2017 and medium-term financial targets.
Quarterly sales rose 11 percent on an underlying basis to 3.058 billion euros ($3.34 billion), while the intake of fresh orders fell 1 percent, or 2 percent on an underlying basis, to 2.281 billion euros. Underlying sales growth excludes the impact of any changes in corporate structure and exchange rates.
Europe's largest defence electronics company said quarterly aerospace sales, which rose 17.3 percent, were lifted by a favourable comparison in its civil In-Flight Entertainment business which had performed sluggishly a year earlier.
Robust growth in the Space business also contributed to the strong quarterly sales.
But Thales cautioned that overall second-quarter sales growth would suffer from the reverse effect after a strong second quarter last year in the Transport and Aerospace categories.
After strong orders in the past two years, Thales predicts a lower order intake of 14 billion euros in 2017.
It also expects mid-single digit underlying growth in sales and a 9-11 percent increase in operating profit to 1.48-1.5 billion euros this year. ($1 = 0.9148 euros) (Reporting by Tim Hepher, Cyril Altmeyer; Editing by Diane Craft)
TUNIS Tunisian security forces killed a senior commander in an Islamist group who detonated their suicide belt as they were shot during a raid against militants planning attacks during the holy month of Ramadan, officials said on Sunday.
Tunisia's armed forces have been cracking down on militants allied to Islamic State and al Qaeda's North Africa branch, especially since the country suffered four major attacks in the last two years, including two against foreign tourists.
The clashes came on Sunday when national guard special forces raided a house where the group had been under surveillance for weeks, after communications about a possible attack were intercepted, National Guard spokesperson Col. Major Khelifa Chibani said.
Another militant was killed and three others arrested in the raid on a house in Sidi Bouzid, a town 200 km (125 miles) southwest of the capital, Tunis.
"National Guard special forces killed two terrorists, including a commander of Okba Ibn Nafaa ... " Chibani said by telephone. "They had been in the Sammama mountains, and planned attacks during Ramadan."
They did not give any details on the potential attack, but Tunisia has been on alert since militant gunmen attacked the Sousse beach resort in 2015, killing more than 30 foreigners and badly damaging the vital tourist industry.
Another security source said the commander was an Algerian militant, but did not give their name.
The Okba Ibn Nafaa has mostly been based in remote Chaambi mountain range along the border with Algeria, where the army has been trying to flush them out for several years. Militants have in the past carried out raids on checkpoints and towns nearby.
They have mostly claimed loyalty to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, al Qaeda's North Africa branch still led by veteran Algerian militants hiding over the border in the mountains in eastern Algeria.
But Okba Ibn Nafaa brigade, which takes its name from an 7th century Arab general who led the Muslim conquest of North Africa, has split, with some of its fighters going to Islamic State ranks and hiding in the Sammama mountains, according to Tunisian security sources.
More than 3,000 Tunisians left over the last few years to fight for Islamic State and other militant groups in Iraq, Syria and Libya, and Tunisian authorities are trying to prepare for potential security threat from many of them returning.
Islamic State claimed most major attacks in Tunisia, including the Sousse hotel attack and the Bardo museum attack, which killed dozens of foreign tourists in 2015, and raids by militants crossing from Libya into Tunisia's Ben Guerdane in 2016.
(Reporting by Tarek Amara; writing by Patrick Markey; editing by Larry King)
Kirk West launches new coffee table photography book on The Chicago Blues through Kickstater campaign.
Kirk West is available to interview.
Contact
Kirsten West
Gallery West Macon
4789721598
kirstenwest@ kirkwestphotography.com Kirsten WestGallery West Macon4789721598
End
-- Kirk West has launched "The Blues in Black and White" through the crowd-sourcing website Kickstarter.com. "The Blues in Black and White" covers the best of the Blues photography that Mr. West shot while living in Chicago in the late 1970 – 1980s. Not only does it include a multitude of blues greats but it captures the vibrant blues scene in the clubs and in the neighborhoods where this great music was played and appreciated. The list of icons that are included in this book is extensive; Muddy Waters, B. B. King, Junior Wells, Buddy Guy, Son Seals, Bobby Blue Bland, Johnny Winter, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Lonnie Brooks, Little Milton, Magic Slim, James Cotton, Albert King, Koko Taylor and many others. The book is a 200- page hard cover coffee table book with over 200 photographs. It will be available in the fall of 2017. In it Kirk has captured the essence of the blues whether it is the players, the fans, the music itself and the scene and the neighborhoods and the drama that is the blues.Kirk West is a well-known personality in the rock music scene after spending over 20 years as the "Tour Mystic" for the Allman Brothers Band. However, it all started in 1968 when Kirk left their home in rural Iowa and headed to Chicago to follow their passion for the Blues and the legendary players that made their home there. They immersed themselves in the local blues scene and befriended many of the idols that drove them to make the journey to Chicago. Willy Dixon, Bobby Blue Bland, Howlin Wolf, and Junior Wells are just a few of the characters that were around at that time. Kirk got to listen to their music as well as photograph them, and their fans, in the clubs and juke joints on Chicago's Southside.Mr. West's first photography book, "Les Brers – Kirk West's Photographic Journey with The Brothers" catalogued 40 years of working for, traveling with, and photographing The Allman Brothers Band. The Kickstarter campaign for that book raised just under $95,000 in 2 months and sold over 4000 copies.The National Blues Museum in St. Louis, MO will be hosting an exhibit of over 200 of Mr. West's portraits of Blues performers and performances from November 2, 2017 through January 31, 2018.Kirk West is represented by Gallery West, 447 Third Street in Macon, GA where there is an extensive display of all of their music photography.If you would like more information about this topic, please contact Kirsten West at (478) 972-1598 or email at KirstenWest@KirkWestPhotography.com.You can purchase the book here ( https://www.kickstarter.com/ projects/1067190315/ the-blues... ). You can like and follow https://www.facebook.com/ TheBluesInBlackandWhite/ ), their 1book(https://www.facebook.com/LesBrers/) , Kirk, and Kirk's photographic gallery Gallery West (https://www.facebook.com/gallerywestmacon/)in Macon, GA on Facebook to get the latest information.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Britain's Cineworld said a majority of its shareholders backed a $3.6 billion deal to buy U.S. cinema chain Regal Entertainment.
Shareholder advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) had urged investors last week to oppose the deal, citing “significant financial and operation risks.”
Other shareholder advisory firms, including PIRC, had recommended that investors back the takeover.
London-listed Cineworld agreed in December to buy Regal Entertainment through a reverse takeover funded with debt and a 1.7 billion pound ($2.42 billion) share sale.
Cineworld said 87.34 percent of votes cast at a general meeting backed the acquisition, which will give the British company a presence in the U.S. market and transform it into the world's second-biggest cinema chain by number of screens, with more than 9,500.
A majority of Cineworld shareholders also approved the share sale to fund the deal, the company said on Friday.
“As will be seen from the proxy votes, there was very strong support from shareholders for the acquisition,” Cineworld's Chairman Anthony Bloom said in a statement.
The takeover would put the combined company in a better position to take on industry leader AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc, and give it more scale to fight growing competition from Netflix Inc, Apple Inc and other digital outlets.
Cineworld expects to complete the transaction on or before March 2. ($1 = 0.7033 pounds) (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Adrian Croft)
The logo of Marks & Spencer is seen in front of a store in Paris, France, January 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
LONDON British retailer Marks & Spencer is to trial an online grocery shopping service this year, it said on Thursday, conceding it could no longer ignore the fastest growing segment of the market.
For years M&S has resisted giving its customers the option of ordering food online for home delivery, saying it did not make economic sense for its offering, which is focused on the "food for tonight" market and tends to be small basket sizes.
But with Britain's online food market expected to nearly double to 17.2 billion pounds ($22.2 billion) in the five years to 2020, according to industry research group IGD, M&S has now had a change of heart.
“We continue to review food online carefully. It has not cost us anything over the last five years by not being online with food. Our customers haven't moved yet, but they will and we need to ensure that we are ready with the right response," said Steve Rowe, M&S' group chief executive, who used to run its food business.
"There are unanswered questions over what this means for M&S and we have a team looking at this now with a view to undertaking a soft trial in the autumn," they said in comments first reported by The Guardian newspaper.
Rowe signalled that M&S would carry out extensive trialing before any roll-out of an online grocery service.
"The economics of food online are not straightforward and it is not something that we are going to rush into until we have substantial customer insight and a better understanding of what is right for M&S and right for our customers.”
While M&S's clothing business has struggled in recent years its food business has thrived.
In November, Rowe detailed plans to close about 30 UK stores selling clothing, homewares and food and downsize or convert another 45 into food stores over five years.
(Reporting by James Davey; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
April 20 Indian shares ended higher on Thursday as investors picked beaten down counters, including technology stocks that lost ground on disappointing quarterly results from software services exporters Infosys Ltd and Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
The broader NSE index closed up 0.36 percent at 9,136.40, posting its first gain in six sessions.
The benchmark BSE index ended 0.29 percent higher at 29,422.39.
For the midday report, click (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
WASHINGTON, April 28 The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday approved legislation to avert an imminent government shutdown by giving lawmakers until May 5 to come up with legislation funding federal agencies through the fiscal year that ends on Sept. 30.
The Senate is expected to vote on the measure later on Friday. Without congressional action, the government would run out of money for many programs at midnight on Friday triggering widespread agency shutdowns.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Susan Heavey and Will Dunham)
BERLIN, April 5 The German cabinet approved a plan on Wednesday to fine social networks such as Facebook up to 50 million euros ($53 million) if they do not remove hateful postings quickly and to make them reveal the identity of those behind the posts.
"There should be just as little tolerance for criminal rabble rousing on social networks as on the street," Justice Minister Heiko Maas said in a statement, adding that they would seek to push for similar rules at a European level.
Germany already has some of the world's toughest hate speech laws covering defamation, public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, backed up by prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities.
The issue has taken on more urgency due to concern about the spread of fake news and racist content on social media, with many in Germany's political establishment worried it could influence public opinion in this year's election campaign.
The draft law would give social networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case.
Failure to comply with the law expected to be passed before elections in September could see a company fined up to 50 million euros, and the company's chief representative in Germany fined up to 5 million euros. (Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Thorsten Severin; Editing by Alison Williams)
LONDON (AP) — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Advertisement
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stock markets plunged and bond yields soared on Friday after U.S. data showing the strongest annual wage growth since 2009 rattled investors who fear accelerating inflation will usher in more interest rate hikes than expected this year.
Yields on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note shot up to a four-year high just minutes after the release of a Labor Department unemployment report for January that underscored strong momentum in the U.S. economy.
A gain of 200,000 jobs last month and annualised increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent led the dollar to surge against the yen, the euro and a basket of six currencies.
The price of the U.S. 10-year note US10YT=RR later fell further, pushing the yield up as high as 2.854 percent from 2.773 percent late on Thursday.
The rapid rise in the 10-year note - the world benchmark for corporate lending - sent shockwaves through a market grown accustomed to low inflation and a steady tick higher in stocks.
“It feels as though the grand era of interest rates below 3 percent will soon be in the rear-view mirror,” said Mike Terwilliger, portfolio manager of Resource Liquid Alternatives for the Resource Credit Income Fund in New York.
While wage growth may be good for the economy it could spell trouble for the bond market as inflation portends rate hikes, which augur a repricing of fixed income, they said.
The spike in bond rates made everybody nervous, said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas. But the stock sell-off was long overdue, they said.
“The correction looks a whole lot worse than maybe it is because of the fact that we hadn't had a correction for so long that we all got used to watching this market go up,” they said.
Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, said next week investors will kick themselves for selling assets for all the wrong reasons in a sell-off akin to throwing the baby out with the bath water.
“Next week we will start sorting and saying, ‘Wait a minute. We sold financials because interest rates are going higher?'”
It was the biggest single-day percentage decline for the benchmark S&P 500 index since September 2016 and for the Dow since June 2016. The S&P 500 is still up 3.2 percent for the year.
A stock slide of at least 1 percent in Europe later accelerated on Wall Street as the strong labour market data boosted chances the Federal Reserve will raise rates four times this year instead of the three hikes analysts had expected.
“What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes,” said Michael Antonelli, managing director of institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 percent, to 25,520.96. The S&P 500 .SPX lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 percent, to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 percent, to 7,240.95.
Disappointing results from some of the largest U.S. companies also weighed on stocks. Oil majors Exxon (XOM.N) and Chevron (CVX.N) fell 5.1 percent and 5.6 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL.O) fell 5.3 percent after an earnings miss and Apple (AAPL.O) fell 4.3 percent as investors focused on its muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices.
MSCI's all-country world index .MIWD00000PUS of equity performance in 47 countries fell 1.8 percent while its gauge of emerging market stocks .MSCIEF lost 1.43 percent.
Deutsche Bank's disappointing results pulled the heavyweight banking sector down to help European shares post their biggest weekly loss in more than a year, while Britain's top share index sealed its weakest week in nine months on BT's results.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 of leading regional shares closed down 1.37 percent and the blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index in London closed down 0.63 percent.
The dollar index .DXY, tracking the unit against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.59 percent, with the euro EUR= down 0.38 percent to $1.2460. The Japanese yen JPY= weakened 0.64 percent versus the greenback at 110.12 per dollar.
The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their rise. The gap between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) and 10-year Treasury notes reached its widest since September 2014.
Crude prices fell on the surging dollar though adherence to output cuts by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and rising global demand kept much of this year's rally in oil in place.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 settled down 35 cents to $65.45 a barrel. Brent LCOc1 lost $1.07 to $68.58. The deep decline in Brent cut the gap between it and WTI to its narrowest since August.
U.S. gold futures GCv1 for April delivery settled down $10.60, or 0.8 percent, at $1,337.30.
WASHINGTON, April 23 U.S. President Donald Trump will sign several executive orders on energy on Friday, a White House official said on Sunday.
"This builds on previous executive actions that have cleared the way for job-creating pipelines, innovations in energy production, and reduced unnecessary burden on energy producers," the official said on condition of anonymity. (Reporting by David Shephardson; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
A string of politicians have lined up to denounce government policy on welfare after fresh regional figures about foodbanks were released.
The Trussell Trust, which runs a network of foodbanks across the UK released figures which showed a UK-wide increase in usage from the start of April 2017 to the end of May 2018.
It showed that about 1.3m three-day batches of food supplies were given out across the UK during that time, compared with roughly 1.2m the previous year. The figure has risen every year since at least 2012, the last readily-available batch of figures.
In Northern Ireland, there were 32,433 three-day batches of supplies given out in 2017/18, compared with 32,780 the year before.
The England-based charity has operated in Northern Ireland since 2012.
At a UK-wide level it said 42% of referrals to foodbanks are due to changes in benefits or delays to benefit payments.
The SDLP issued a statement in which health spokesperson Mark H Durkan, MLA for Foyle, said: “This is a damning indictment of the failure to restore Government here to protect people from the brutal Universal Credit regime.
“The DUP and Sinn Fein must shoulder the blame – as it's as simple as this: no Government, no power, no change.”
They add that the introduction of Universal Credit, which began replacing a range of benefits including Housing Benefit and Jobseekers' Allowance in Northern Ireland last September, had only been achieved thanks to Sinn Fein “collusion” with the DUP.
Sinn Fein West Belfast MLA Alex Maskey meanwhile laid the blame squarely with the Conservatives, saying: “The rise of foodbank dependency is the direct result of the Tory government's attacks on the safety net of social security.”
They said that Sinn Fein had “secured a £500m mitigation package to protect people from the full brunt of Tory welfare cuts, but this hardship can only be completely eradicated when the British Government, propped by the DUP, calls time on its callous austerity agenda”.
Alliance MLA Stuart Dickson, representing East Antrim, said “UK Government actions are only contributing to food crises”, due to both the level of benefits on offer and the “poor administration” of them.
One of the big stories coming out of the 20-10 Arizona Cardinals preseason victory on Saturday was the play of backup quarterback Drew Stanton. They completed 11 of 15 passes for 112 yards and a touchdown. They were poised and accurate.
As noted by a tweet from reporter Kent Somers, Stanton completed as many passes on Saturday as they did in all of the preseason in 2016.
Coach Bruce Arians has said Stanton has had the best offseason they have ever had.
The difference?
“He's probably healthier than they were last year in training camp,” Arians told reporters after the game. “He knows exactly why he's doing what he's doing out there.”
There was never any report of any injury to Stanton last year, so this was news to everyone. But Stanton didn't say it was an injury last year. Instead it is more about how prepared physically they came into camp this year.
“I think I took the preparation real serious this offseason,” they said after the game.
Strength and conditioning coordinator Buddy Morris had an offseason plan specifically for Stanton. They made sure to follow it.
Of course, the signing of Blaine Gabbert might have elevated their offseason focus.
The results have been positive.
If there was any doubt before about whether they would be the backup quarterback this season, those have all been resolved.
LONDON (Reuters) - Burnley manager Sean Dyche was delighted after their team ditched their label as poor travellers to pull off a shock 3-2 win at champions Chelsea, who finished with nine men, on Saturday.
The Clarets didn't win away from home last season until their penultimate road trip but led the champions 3-0 at half-time after the Londoners had skipper Gary Cahill sent off in the 14th minute.
Burnley's form at home and away contrasted sharply last season.
Dyche's side won 10 games at home -- more than Manchester United and the ninth-best in the league -- but managed only a solitary away win, at Crystal Palace. And their seven points on the road was the second-worst record in the league.
"A lot was made of our away form last season, and don't get me wrong, that doesn't correct it. But it's a great start," said Dyche.
"It kills all the stories off immediately by getting a first win, a first away win and giving the fans a great afternoon out," added the Burnley boss, whose team are widely predicted to be in the relegation battle again this campaign.
"We're written off at the start of every season. It kills off a few things early doors and it allows the players that space for growth," added Dyche.
Chelsea were reduced to nine players in the 81st minute when Cesc Fabregas was shown a second yellow card but Dyche felt their team deserved the win.
"I thought we were strong early in the game, while it was 11 v 11. The sending-off made a difference and I thought we did really, really well to handle that and keep the ball and create chances," they said.
Wales striker Sam Vokes scored twice while Ireland fullback Stephen Ward hammered in a fierce drive.
“We scored three good goals and I think when you are talking about who you are playing against and where you are playing, that's up there as one of the best 45 minutes of my time here," said the manager, who joined Burnley in 2012.
"It's rare for any game in the Premier League to be three goals up at halftime, but particularly so when you are down at Chelsea.
'BIG WIN'
"The shape and organisation was great. (Chelsea) had to respond, which they did, so credit to them, but we were disappointed with the two goals.
"Before that, we'd kept a good shape and I don't think they opened us up or made too many chances. But it's a big win.
"They're a fine side, even with 10 men."
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Stock index price for France's CAC 40 and company stock price information are displayed on screens as they hang above the Paris stock exchange, operated by Euronext NV, in La Defense business district in Paris, France, December 14, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessie
LONDON With less than 36 hours of trading to go before the first round of the French presidential election, a likely squaring of positions on Thursday saw the euro rally, French banking stocks rise and government bond spreads narrow.
The run-up to the French vote, which polls suggest will pit far-right candidate Marine Le Pen against the centrist Emmanuel Macron in a runoff in May, has battered French bonds and seen market measures of implied currency volatility surge.
But analysts said the rally in the euro and French assets on Thursday suggested some investors were closing out their short positions before Sunday's first round-vote, taking heart perhaps from the latest polls showing Macron easily beating Le Pen in the second round two weeks later.
"There's bound to have been an element in the market of people just playing the run-in to the election as a trade, and were positioned for the risk premium to have blown out a bit more by the time we'd come to the second-last trading day before the first round," said Derek Halpenny, European head of global markets research at MUFG in London.
"The fact that hasn't materialized by now is encouraging those risk-takers who never were going to run the risk through the election any way to essentially close out their positions."
The euro rose to a three-week high at around $1.0778 EUR= and was on track for its best week this year.
A rally in banking stocks helped boost France's blue-chip CAC 40 index .FCHI 1.8 percent, set for its best one-day gains since March 1, compared with flat European markets .
BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) rose 4.2 percent, followed by Société Générale (SOGN.PA), up 3.8 percent and Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA), up 2.7 percent. Natixis (CNAT.PA) gained 3.2 percent.
French banks easily outperformed the broader European banking sector .SX7P, which was up 1 percent.
Columbia Threadneedle Investments said on Thursday it had increased its exposure to European equities, since political risk is increasingly discounted, valuations are lower and earnings momentum is positive in Europe.
Macron has held on to their position as the favourite to win eventually, the latest polls show, although they also indicate that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday is too close to call.
BOND SPREADS TIGHTER
The premium investors demand for holding French government bonds over top-rated German peers, meanwhile, has narrowed to its tightest level in about three weeks at 62 basis points FR10YT=TWEB DE10YT=TWEB.
French bonds have borne the brunt of election jitters this year, with the French/German yield gap widening out to as much as 84 bps in February.
Strong support for the anti-euro Le Pen and the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon has alarmed investors.
But with jitters ebbing slightly as polls remain consistent, the yield on safe-haven German Bunds rose to a 1 1/2-week high of 0.24 percent on Thursday, while French 10-year yields hit a three-month low at 0.86 percent.
Markets also easily digested a new supply of French three and five-year government bonds, the last French debt sale ahead of Sunday's election.
"It seems that when we have a major event, people think the base-case scenario will materialise," said Jan von Gerich, chief strategist at Nordea Markets. "We saw that in the market reaction just before the Brexit referendum and we're seeing it again now with France."
But Britain's vote on EU membership last June and the U.S. presidential election in November did take markets by surprise. That should be a reason for caution, some analysts said.
"Market behaviour is starting to look worryingly similar to the run up of the Brexit and Trump vote, where investors started to overweight marginal shifts/info in polls, creating a self-reinforcing belief that things are OK," Deutsche Bank analyst George Saravelos said in a note.
(Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly and Patrick Graham, editing by Larry King)
TOKYO, April 20 Japan Post Holdings Co said on Thursday it is considering whether it needs to book an impairment loss related to its Australian unit Toll Holdings, which it acquired in 2015 for 620 billion yen ($5.7 billion).
The Nikkei Business magazine reported earlier that Japan Post was considering booking a massive impairment loss because the acquisition has not created synergies effect and Toll's earnings have been hurt by an economic slowdown. (Reporting by Chris Gallagher; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
One lane on the A45 is closed and causing delays to eastbound traffic.
Three vehicles were involved in the accident on the A45 eastbound. The lane is closed between the Great Billing Interchange (A5076) and B573 near, Earls Barton.
Northamptonshire Police said they were in attendance along with an ambulance and a fire crew, though no injuries have been yet been reported.
The accident was first reported at 2.30pm.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
April 23 (Gracenote) - Result from the Fed Cup World Group Semifinal match between U.S. and Czech Republic on Sunday U.S. beat 1-Czech Republic 3-2 On Sunday Bethanie Mattek-Sands/CoCo Vandeweghe (U.S.) beat Kristyna Pliskova/Katerina Siniakova (Czech Republic) 6-2 6-3 Marketa Vondrousova (Czech Republic) beat Lauren Davis (U.S.) 6-2 7-5 CoCo Vandeweghe (U.S.) beat Katerina Siniakova (Czech Republic) 6-4 6-0 On Saturday Katerina Siniakova (Czech Republic) beat Shelby Rogers (U.S.) 6-3 6-3 CoCo Vandeweghe (U.S.) beat Marketa Vondrousova (Czech Republic) 6-1 6-4
A Wells Fargo logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
NEW YORK An internal investigation into Wells Fargo & Co's (WFC.N) sales scandal released on Monday found no evidence the bank had retaliated against employees who came forward about sales practice abuses, despite earlier media reports and lawsuits from ex-employees that claimed otherwise.
At least five Wells Fargo employees had sued the San Francisco-based bank or filed complaints with U.S. regulators alleging they were fired after reporting unauthorized openings of checking and credit card accounts for clients by bank employees, according to a Reuters review of lawsuits and complaints to the U.S. Labor Department.
U.S. prosecutors in San Francisco subpoenaed Yesenia Guitron, one of the highest-profile whistleblowers, in December to compel them to testify before a grand jury.
The internal report commissioned by Wells Fargo's board and prepared by law firm Shearman & Sterling said on Monday that there was no systematic retaliation against employees who spoke out about the sales practices.
"Based on a limited review completed to date, Shearman & Sterling has not identified a pattern of retaliation against Community Bank employees who complained about sales pressures or practices," a footnote in the report said.
The review of the cases is ongoing, the report said, and has included files for nearly 900 ex-employees who were fired within a year after calling in a tip to the bank's ethics hotline or within a month of the bank disclosing in a $185 million settlement in September that employees had opened as many as 2 million accounts without customer permission.
In total, 5,300 employees were fired over the sales practice abuses.
Investigators found no evidence of retaliation in the cases of 11 ex-employees who were publicly identified as whistleblowers in media reports, according to the report.
Stuart Baskin, the lawyer from Shearman & Sterling who led the investigation, said the firm was still investigating reports of retaliation but that they did not expect the conclusion to change.
The report said Shearman & Sterling is completing reviews of nine employees who reported being fired after calling Wells Fargo's ethics line phone number to submit tips about unethical sales practices.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts and David Henry in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Remember him?
Reports in Italy are suggesting that Inter Milan will need to sell before they can buy this summer - which could make former Wolves target Andrea Pinamonti available.
Pinamonti, only 19, was linked with a move to Molineux in the January transfer window but instead Nuno moved to bring in strike pair Rafa Mir and Benik Afobe.
With the club preparing for a campaign in the top flight, it's likely that Wanderers will be quite active in the market this summer.
Though neither Leo Bonatini nor Afobe are permanent deals, there has been a suggestion that the club may chase the latter up in a permanent deal.
The forward is rated highly within Italian football and has represented the country at several youth levels through from under-15s to under-19s.
Pinamonti was linked with a number of top clubs in January including Liverpool after making their debut in the Europa League last December.
Knocked back
Sunderland have knocked back Wolverhampton Wanderers' request to purchase more tickets for away fans for the old gold promotion party on the final weekend of the season.
Black Cats officials believe Wolves couldn't realistically be allocated any more visiting supporters without uprooting their own season ticket holders - despite the fact that the Stadium of Light has remained half empty this season.
It'll be an afternoon of differing emotions on May 6 - Wolves are of course looking forward to a Premier League campaign next season while the Mackems are facing a term in League One.
While the atmosphere will be jubilant among the waves of Wanderers fans, more than 2,500 of them, the club have been denied permission to bring more.
“We gave full consideration to this request when it was first made by Wolves a few weeks ago,” a club spokesperson said .
“To put some context into the issue, the away supporters are situated in the upper north stand at the Stadium of Light, the east end of the away section is the end of the stand itself.
“With this in mind, the only additional seats that logistically we could consider allocating to Wolves supporters were in the upper north west corner.
“This corner houses a significant number of Sunderland season cardholders, many of whom have held their seats for many years.
“Given that these supporters will already be relocated when this area closes next season, we felt it would be insensitive to relocate them for the final match of the season.
“We did look at other areas within the lower bowl of the stadium, but again due to the presence of home season cardholders there is no area we can safely allocate to Wolves supporters.
“We appreciate that this will be disappointing for our visitors, but we hope they understand that we made best endeavours to meet their request, but unfortunately it has not been possible for the reasons outlined above.”
Hijacked!
"And it's hi ho... Aston Villa! "
It's fair to say those weren't the words Steve Bull was expecting when the Wolverhampton Wanderers legend was celebrating their former club's promotion as champions.
The Molineux favourite was enjoying a sing-a-long to mark Wolves' title triumph in Marbella for the Steve Bull Events Golf Classic.
Bully was leading the festivities in a packed out room who were belting out "hi ho Wolverhampton".
But the lyrics were altered slightly when another Midlands football legend, Gordon Cowans, got hold of the microphone to add a Villa twist to the song.
It was all good natured, though, with the pair chuckling to one another after the cheeky change of chorus.
Villa could be joining Wolves in the Premier League next season with Steve Bruce's men having secured their spot in the play-offs.
You can watch the video at the top of the page to see the celebrations.
Iranian Messi
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘Iranian Messi'.
Azmoun, who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia, has scored four goals at domestic level this season.
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level, though - form that led to their asupervisorstioned nickname.
Azmoun has 23 goals from their 31 caps for Iran, making them the nation's fifth highest scorer at all time, and it's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where they play.
They can play as a centre forward, or behind the striker.
Wolves aren't alone in their supposed interest, though; the Sunday People claim that Everton, Celtic, Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too.
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League, after promotion was confirmed.
May 3 Yamana Gold Inc
* Qtrly revenue from continuing operations $403.5 million versus $400.9 million
* Qtrly net loss per share from continuing operations $0.01
* Yamana Gold Inc qtrly average realized gold price per ounce $1,220 versus. $1,189
* Yamana Gold Inc qtrly average realized copper price per pound $2.57 versus. $2.25
* Yamana Gold Inc says company reiterates its cost guidance for 2017
* Says company is increasing its annual production guidance to 940,000 ounces of gold after a strong first quarter
* Yamana Gold Inc qtrly average realized silver price per ounce $17.29 versus. $14.94
* Says 2017 silver production is expected to increase more significantly, in percentage terms, than gold production
* Says 2017 copper production, all of which is from chapada, is expected to remain constant throughout the guidance period
* Yamana Gold - qtrly total gold produced, attributable to the company, 257,533 ounces versus. 283,758 ounces last year
* Yamana Gold - qtrly total silver produced 1,079,108 ounces versus. 1,802,029 ounces last year
* Yamana Gold - qtrly total copper production 26.5 million pounds versus. 25.9 million pounds last year
* Yamana Gold - co expects to generate significant increases in cash flow and free cash flow beginning in 2018 Source: (bit.ly/2pIYxTp) Further company coverage:
Some call it a marketing gimmick. But others say it's pure brilliance, an investment product — much like target-date funds for people saving for retirement — that meets a very real need.
Fidelity Investments this week launched the Fidelity Simplicity RMD Funds, a suite of target-date mutual funds for investors who aren't quite sure how to invest their money and who have to take required minimum distributions (RMDs) from their IRA, Simple IRA, SEP IRA, or retirement plan account when they reach age 70½.
According to Fidelity, the funds are designed “to help take the guesswork out of determining a suitable allocation for assets that are subject to RMDs.” The mutual funds “combine an age-appropriate and professionally-managed investment strategy with an optional automated calculation and distribution method to satisfy annual RMD requirements on the investor's behalf,” Fidelity wrote in its release.
The new funds, just like target-date funds, “invest in a combination of equity, fixed-income and short-term Fidelity mutual funds according to a strategic asset allocation that adjusts automatically and becomes more conservative as an investor ages,” Fidelity said. Each fund name includes a date, which can help investors choose the fund that most closely aligns with the year they turn 70, as initial RMDs are required starting at age 70 ½.
At the moment, there are five Simplicity RMD funds: Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income FIRNX, +0.15% ; Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 FIRPX, +0.17% ; Fidelity Simplicity RMD FIRRX, +0.22% Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 FIRUX, +0.27% ; and Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 FIRWX, +0.32% .
The funds, according to Fidelity, are designed for investors who are nearing age 70½ or older, or will turn age 70 in or within a few years of the applicable fund, and plan to withdraw the value of their investment in the fund over time (in accordance with IRS rules). For example, a traditional IRA owner who turned 70 ½ in 2015 would select the Simplicity RMD 2015 fund, said Fidelity. The table below shows the ranges of investor birth dates for which each fund was created and each fund's total expenses.
Fidelity also noted that once a customer invests in a Simplicity RMD Fund, they can set up their distributions through Fidelity's automatic withdrawals service, allowing them to satisfy the annual RMD and begin receiving income from their eligible retirement accounts.
By signing up, Fidelity said the company will automatically calculate and distribute the investor's RMD each year, monitor withdrawal activity, and provide “a seamless experience for reinvesting or managing their spending.”
By way of background
The RMD is the minimum amount one must withdraw from their retirement accounts each year, according to the IRS. The RMD for any year is the account balance as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year divided by a distribution period from the IRS's “Uniform Lifetime Table.”
On paper, it might sound simple enough. But RMD rules can be quite complicated. And the penalty for missing an RMD is steep. There is a 50% penalty assessed on the amount of the RMD that is not taken by the deadline, according to this report.
What's more retirement account owners need to figure out when to take RMDs and from which assets and which accounts. Suffice to say RMDs are the source of much confusion for retirement-account owners. See the IRS's rules on RMDS.
Marketing gimmick or not
So, what say retirement-account experts to this innovation?
“I think these Fidelity Simplicity RMD funds are a simple marketing technique designed to attract baby boomer investors who are not working with advisers,” said Jeremy Portnoff, the founder of Portnoff Financial. “It looks like a target-date fund with an automatic withdrawal which could be done from any fund -- target date or not — or entire portfolio.
There is nothing particularly special about it other than it automates a process which is good for people who are not working with advisers.”
Other advisers agree. “I find it funny that Fidelity is trying to call this approach simple -- that usually means the opposite,” said Walter Pardo, a managing partner with Wealth Financial Partners. “I think it's important to address tax issues, asset allocation issues plus cash flow issues. Because if the client does not need the taxable RMD income to live and could benefit from a Roth conversion perhaps those funds don't play a part in simplifying anything. Sounds to me like an age-based investment with different wrapping paper. I want to see how simple it's going to be when the kids inherit these IRAs and forget to take an inherited RMD.”
Other advisers, however, are fond of Fidelity's new suite of funds. “I love the marketing core competency that Fidelity possesses,” says Bill Harris, a principal with W.H. Cornerstone Investments, Inc. “Unlike most of my professional peers — I'm guessing — I love this idea. For the masses of ‘do-it-your-selfers,' this is a great idea that will help a lot of people stay out of trouble.”
For their part, Joe Clark, the managing partner of Financial Enhancement Group, speculated that Fidelity Simplicity RMD funds “might be designed for smaller accounts where the RMD is a hassle.” Others agree. “As with most retirement strategies, there is an audience for this type of investment,” said Beverly DeVeny, the chief IRA Analyst at Ed Slott & Company. “It would be good for an unsophisticated individual or one who is having trouble managing financial affairs and for someone who wants to just set it and forget it.”
Potential for RMD error still exists
RMD mistakes can be costly, and some advisers say the Fidelity Simplicity RMD funds could avoid those mistakes. “The 50% is the biggest penalty in the tax code,” said Matthew Curfman, the president of Richmond Brothers. “It makes sense that institutions are starting to look at new tools to help individuals navigate these complex rules with the aging baby boomer demographic.”
Still, Curfman and others have doubts. “While this is a start and I am sure will be helpful for those that use it, it is not a fix for all RMD issues,” they said.
For their part, Portnoff also said Fidelity's new suite of funds may not be immune from making RMD mistakes. “One issue is the actual calculation of the RMD,” they said. “An automated service like this can make an error either from their system or an incorrect client input and who knows if the error could be caught. There also isn't an adviser who can help coordinate RMDs from different types of IRAs/plans the client may have. It leaves plenty of room for various possible errors.”
Others share that point of view. “It seems to oversimplify the RMD process,” said Laura Collins, president at Provident Financial Group of the Carolinas. “By that I mean, there is much more to investing than just determining when to take your RMD. An automatic RMD process can be added to any investment program.”
Portfolio not customized
Harris said they haven't had a chance to “research the composition (of the funds) and execution is yet to be seen, but overall, I think this helps the investing public.”
Still, Portnoff and others said Fidelity's approach isn't as customized as one might get with an adviser. “Those who are working with advisers will have a customized portfolio for their needs, an adviser who can easily calculate the correct RMD and help them understand the RMD aggregation rules and properly coordinate multiple RMDs,” they said.
Collins shared that opinion. “By generalizing these funds, investors miss out on tailored advice and investments specific to their personal lives,” they said. “While this sort of simple approach may work for some, I do not see this strategy being adopted on a larger scale. People still need tailored advice when it comes to their retirement accounts.”
Should investors sign up for the Fidelity Simplicity RMD funds, Curfman said it's imperative that retirement-account owners “know the (RMD) rules like the back of their hand, or you work with an educated adviser who is specifically trained on this topic.”
Harris also said the Fidelity funds don't alleviate the need for personal financial advice from a qualified and competent adviser. “Advice will still be needed more than ever,” they said.
To find advisers knowledgeable about IRAs and RMD rules, visit Find an Advisor.
Unanswered questions
Curfman also suggested that retirement-account owners who invest in the Fidelity Simplicity RMD funds check whether they can still make qualified charitable distributions (QCD) with their RMDs. A QCD is generally a nontaxable distribution made directly by the trustee of your IRA (other than a SEP or Simple IRA) to an organization eligible to receive tax deductible contributions, according to the IRS.
Clark also wondered whether investing in the Fidelity would eliminate other tax-planning opportunities. “The other issue that would frustrate me is that some years — depending on deductions especially in medical expense — you might want to take more than the RMD to maximize tax efficiency,” they said.
Other advisers have even more questions. For instance: Can the individual take more than the RMD? Will the automatic calculations take into account a spouse more than 10 years younger?
And then, there is the disclaimer. “I love reading disclaimers,” said DeVeny. “This one pretty much says that we don't give you advice and, if we did, you can't rely on it.”
HANOI: At least a dozen Vietnamese police have been held hostage over a land dispute with residents near Hanoi, activists and state media said Sunday, in a rare show of defiance of communist authorities.
The incident began on Saturday in the suburban My Duc district when authorities clashed with villagers who alleged their land was illegally seized for sale by a military-owned telecoms firm.
The exact number of police officers and officials being held by residents could not immediately be confirmed, but images on social media showed at least 12 uniformed men under guard.
“Local residents said they have no intention of releasing the hostages unless the central government intervenes,” said La Viet Dung, a social activist who visited the site Sunday morning.
“People have closed off their villages. No one can come in or out. The police are surrounding the area also, preventing media access. The situation is tense,” Dung told AFP.
A Duc resident told AFP Sunday police had fired in the air during Saturday's clashes.
“Some residents were also taken into custody by police for unknown reasons,” they said, requesting anonymity.
Local police and authorities refused to comment.
But state media said four residents were taken into custody while some police were also being held by villagers.
“Some citizens… have committed acts of obstruction and illegally held Hanoi police officers,” the Vietnam News Agency said, quoting a police announcement.
Land disputes are common in Vietnam, where powerful individuals and companies often make claims on property.
The government strictly controls freedom of expression and the right to protest but flashpoints occur.
In 2012 a Vietnamese fish farmer used homemade weapons to resist a forced eviction and injured seven police officers.
The farmer was jailed for five years, but their case became a symbol of growing public dissatisfaction over land rights.
In 2013 a gunman killed a provincial official before committing suicide in an apparent dispute over land in northern Vietnam.
AFP
* China says climate pledges under Paris Agreement unchanged
* EU says climate action will bring jobs, growth
* Trump starts undoing Obama climate goals in shift to coal
By Ben Blanchard and Alister Doyle
BEIJING/OSLO, March 29 Nations led by China and the European Union rallied around a global plan to slow climate change on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump began undoing Obama-era plans for deep cuts in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Trump's order on Tuesday, keeping a campaign promise to bolster the U.S. coal industry, strikes at the heart of an international Paris Agreement in 2015 to curb world temperatures that hit record highs in 2016 for the third year in a row.
Many nations reacted to Trump's plan with dismay and defiance, saying a vast investment shift from fossil fuels to clean energy such as wind and solar power is underway with benefits ranging from less air pollution to more jobs.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang, whose government cooperated closely with former U.S. President Barack Obama's administration on climate change, said all countries should "move with the times".
"No matter how other countries' policies on climate change, as a responsible large developing country China's resolve, aims and policy moves in dealing with climate change will not change," they said.
European Climate Commissioner Miguel Arias Canete said: "We see the Paris Agreement and the transition to a modern, more innovative economy as the growth engine of job creation, investment opportunities and economic prosperity."
CLEAN POWER
Trump's main target is Obama's Clean Power Plan, which required states to slash carbon emissions from power plants and was key to the U.S. pledge under Paris to cut emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
Trump did not say whether they would pull out of the Paris Agreement, agreed by almost 200 nations and which seeks a shift from fossil fuels this century as the cornerstone of efforts to limit heat waves, floods, droughts and rising sea levels.
The fear is that less action by the United States, the number two greenhouse gas emitter behind China, will cause other nations to roll back their own goals. The pact has been ratified so far by 141 nations ranging from Pacific island states to OPEC oil producers.
The Paris Agreement lets each country set domestic targets for restricting greenhouse gases and foresees no sanctions for non-compliance. Trump has sometimes called global warming a hoax but has also said they have an open mind about Paris.
Still, Trump's rowback is likely to undercut a core principle of the Paris Agreement that all national plans, due to be submitted every five years this century, have to be ever stronger and reflect the "highest possible ambition".
German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks warned Washington it could lose out. "A shift into "reverse (gear) now will only hurt themselves in terms of international competitiveness," they told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung daily.
Echoing that view, Danish Energy and Climate Minister Lars Lillehold said there had been "a significant momentum for the green transition" as green technologies have become cheaper.
In London, a spokesperson for the British Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy reaffirmed Britain's commitment to tackling global climate change.
Speaking in Brussels, former Brazilian environment minister Izabella Teixeira said Trump's decision was a mistake.
In many sectors, a shift from coal is underway.
A report by the U.S. Department of Energy in January said 43 percent of the workforce in electric power generation, or about 374,000 workers, were employed in the solar sector. Fossil fuels accounted for just 22 percent of jobs in the sector.
"All around the world, wind power and solar power is becoming so cheap that it will be favoured over fossil fuels," said Niklas Hoehne, of the NewClimate Institute in Germany.
In Paris, governments promised to limit a rise in average surface temperatures to "well below" two degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times, ideally 1.5.
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions fell 11 percent from 2005-15. Bill Hare, head of the Climate Analytics think-tank, said they may remain at current levels by 2030 with Trump's policies.
Trump's policies could in turn nudge up the global rise in temperatures by about 0.1 degree Celsius (1.8 Fahrenheit) from a projected 2.8 degrees (5.0F) by 2100, based on existing government pledges for action, they said. (Reporting By Alister Doyle, Stine Jacobsen in Copenhagen, Tom Miles in Geneva, Madeline Chambers in Berlin, Ben Blanchard and David Stanway in Beijing, Nina Chestney and Susanne Twidale in London, Alissa de Carbonnel and Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels; Editing by Gareth Jones)
March 29 - Logic Instrument SA:
* Announced on Tuesday the signing of a exclusive agreement with AEE Technology
* Contract includes distribution in Europe of professional drones as well as range of portable cameras for security forces
Source text: bit.ly/2o5eu5V Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Hong Kong-listed Tencent Mobility was granted Overseas Investment Office approval to buy up to 100 per cent of Kiwi video game developer Grinding Gear Games for more than $100 million.
Tencent Mobility - an online communication, advertising, and gaming service provider - was granted consent to acquire up to 100 per cent of the shares in Grinding Gear Games, 80 per cent up front and the remaining 20 per cent over approximately six years, a summary of the decision released today said.
While no amount was disclosed, the need for OIO approval was triggered because it exceeds $100m.
"Tencent Mobility Ltd has satisfied the OIO that the individuals who will control the investment have the relevant business experience and acumen and are of good character," the OIO said.
Advertisement
"Tencent Mobility Ltd has also demonstrated financial commitment to the investment."
According to the OIO, the shareholders of Grinding Gear Games "wish to realise the value of their investment and to allow the company to grow, by utilising the international connections of Tencent Mobility".
Auckland-based Grinding Gear Games was founded in a New Lynn garage and is best known for creating the Path of Exile online video game that has around 2 million players signed up.
Grinding Gear Games managing director Chris Wilson this month said the deal meant the company could expand and hire more people for its Auckland-based studio.
"We're looking to increase our headcount over the next year from 114 full time employees to around 130," Wilson said. "We're planning to do more expansions for our games, in parallel, and of course bolstering the team will be really useful in achieving that."
Auckland-based Grinding Gear Games is best known for creating the Path of Exile online video game.
Wilson said the deal came about after Tencent last year published its game Path of Exile in China.
"They proposed the deal after they decided they liked us," they said. "There have been many people interested for a number of years but finding someone we knew would be a good fit for us and would let us get on with our own stuff independently was important because we often talk to people who have various plans for our company."
Tencent Mobility is majority owned by Hong-Kong investors and is the world's largest online games company. Its total revenue in the first quarter of 2018 was US$11.7 billion ($16.8b).
BOGOTA Colombian police have seized more than six tonnes of cocaine in the Caribbean city of Barranquilla, the defence minister said on Sunday.
The shipment, the third-largest seizure in the history of continental Colombia, was found on Friday and belonged to several drug gangs, among them the so-called Urabenos, Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas told journalists.
The shipment would have been worth about 200 million euros in Spain, its final destination.
Authorities have already confiscated 103 tonnes of cocaine this year, the minister added. Last year a record 378.3 tonnes were seized. [nL1N1F11JI]
(Reporting by Julia Symmes Cobb and Nelson Bocanegra; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
April 12 Gold Standard Ventures Corp
* Gold Standard Ventures announces acquisition of Battle Mountain Gold
* Gold Standard Ventures - Deal for consideration of 0.1891 of common share of co plus $0.08 in cash for each battle mountain common share held
* Gold Standard Ventures Corp - Proposed arrangement values Battle Mountain at approximately C$0.59 per share
* Gold Standard Ventures - Battle Mountain agreed to pay termination fee to gold standard of $1.25 million upon occurrence of certain termination events
* Gold Standard Ventures - Co gave Battle Mountain loan of $1.55 million to replace amount paid to buy remaining 40% interest in Lewis Gold Project on April 11
* Gold Standard Ventures Corp - Under terms of deal, on closing, each Battle Mountain shareholder will receive 0.1891 of a common share of gold standard
* Gold Standard Ventures - Under deal terms each Battle Mountain shareholder will also receive additonal $0.08 in cash for each Battle Mountain share held Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Banks say watchdog charges lack detail- sources
* Watchdog's jurisdiction over case challenged - sources
By Tiisetso Motsoeneng
JOHANNESBURG, April 6 Some of the banks South African regulators have alleged rigged the rand currency say the case against them lacks specific detail about anti-competitive conduct and its impact, three sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
The banks have also questioned whether the country's Competition Commission can penalise banks which do not have subsidiaries or branches in South Africa, the sources said.
The Competition Commission is seeking to impose fines on more than a dozen local and foreign banks that it alleges colluded to coordinate trading in the rand and the U.S. dollar.
The Commission launched the investigation in April 2015, joining a global clampdown that has led to big banks being fined around $10 billion in total for rigging interest rate and forex benchmarks.
It referred the case to the Competition Tribunal, which holds hearings on anti-trust matters before making a ruling. The Commission has recommended that the Tribunal impose fines amounting to 10 percent of the banks' South African revenues, the maximum allowed.
At a closed preliminary Tribunal hearing in March, some of the banks raised objections about the lack of specific detail in the case to allow their lawyers to present a defence, one of the sources said.
The Tribunal will meet again in July to consider the banks' objections if the Commission has done enough to fine-tune its case, the sources said.
The Competition Commission did not immediately respond to a Reuters' request to comment.
Under South African regulations, the Commission is required to investigate anti-competitive cases within South Africa, or those that have an impact in the country.
"If there was an anti-competitive conduct, as the Commission alleges, the question then is: did it have an effect in South Africa? That's one jurisdictional issue the banks have raised," another source said.
Another issue raised was how banks with no subsidiaries or branches in South Africa would be affected.
"Some of the banks want jurisdictional issues to be cleared up because some of the them named have no branches in South Africa," one source said. "How do you calculate a fine for banks with no branches in South Africa?"
Australia's ANZ Banking Group has no branches in South Africa. Nomura only launched a branch in South Africa in April last year, almost a year into the Commission's investigation.
Among the banks, Barclays Africa Group, a regional unit of Barclays Plc, has been granted conditional immunity from prosecution in return for its cooperation in the investigation.
In February, the local arm of Citigroup was fined $5 million for its role in the affair. The Commission said it had set the fine for Citi Bank NA South Africa at less than 10 percent of its annual turnover after the bank "undertook to cooperate with the Commission."
Other banks named in the investigation were Standard Bank , Investec, JP Morgan, BNP Paribas , Credit Suisse Group, Commerzbank AG , Macquarie Bank, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAML), HSBC Plc and Standard Chartered Plc.
Standard Bank, South Africa's second biggest bank by market value, said its own internal investigation had found no evidence of any wrongdoing.
"Nonetheless, Standard Bank is treating these allegations very seriously and will engage fully with the Competition Commission and the Competition Tribunal to better understand the basis for the complaints," spokesperson Erik Larsen said.
StanChart would continue to co-operate with the Tribunal process, spokesperson Geraldine Matchaba said. JP Morgan, Commerzbank, Bank of America and Nomura declined to comment. Credit Suisse, BNP Paribas, HSBC, ANZ and Macquarie did not respond to email requests for comment. (Editing by Jane Merriman)
NASHVILLE - The Minnesota Wild lost 3-0 to the Nashville Predators on the second night of back-to-back games.
After a scoreless first and second periods, Nashville opened the scoring early in the third and doubled their lead minutes later on the powerplay.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 4 x 400 meters relay heats – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Natasha Hastings of the U.S. wins the heat.
LONDON (Reuters) - The United States ran a world leading time in the women's 4x400 metres relay heats at the World Athletics Championships, having done the same in the 4x100m earlier on Saturday.
The U.S., who finished as runners-up in the 4x400m two years ago after four successive world titles, were anchored by Natasha Hastings and finished 20 metres ahead of the British team, in a world leading time of 3 minutes and 21.66 seconds.
Britain's quartet qualified in 3:24.74, with Botswana clinching the third automatic place in the first heat to make it through to Sunday's final.
There was heartbreak in the second heat for the Bahamas, running without Olympic 400m champion Shaunae Miller Uibo, as Christine Amertil stumbled and fell 200 metres into their second leg. The team did not finish the race.
The heat was won by Jamaica in 3:23.64, with Nigeria and Germany coming second and third.
Poland and France also qualified for the final as the fastest losers.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
China Robot Market Overview EN
End
-- TUV Rheinland was invited to attend "Goods-to-People"AGV Achievement Conference held by CCID and jointly releasedwith CCID Testing and Certification Center Co.,Ltd (hereinafter referred to as "CCID Testing and Certification")Xinhua Zhao, vice general manager of Commercial Services of TUV Rheinland Greater China introduced the main content of theand discussed the development status and trends of China's robot industry as well as the latest process of testing, inspection and certification, as well as comprehensive safety solutions for China's robot industry with personages from government administrations, R&D institutions, robot manufacturing corporates present at the conference.Thefirstly affirms China's global leading position by industrial robot sales, reveals main problems in current development. Finally, by virtue of years of practical experience in robotic testing, inspection and certification of TUV Rheinland and CCID,suggests multi-dimensional safety and certification solutions to improve quality as well as international image of China's robot products.When releasing, Xinhua Zhao said that even though China's robot industry has won some remarkable achievements, compared with the industrially advanced countries, there are still some problems, including long-term dependence on imports for key components, incomplete industrial standards, etc. which seriously restricts the healthy and rapid development of the industry. Moreover, due to lack of standards, the product quality of China's robots is uneven. In the meantime, industrial robots are applied into highly precise production, and it still requires human operators to participate in robotic manufacturing process, and thus, how to ensure the operational safety of robots will be of particular importance.TUV Rheinland can help robot related corporates to comprehensively understand relevant international and domestic technical standards, cultivating professional robotic technical talents, evaluating design schemes and identifying the hazards and risks for the products as well as those for coordination with other machines, systems, materials and software, to ensure the safety of the products during the design and manufacturing segment from the aspects involving professional course training, design evaluation, sample inspection, site safety evaluation and so on.As most of the robot systems adopt variable frequency driving components (will produce relatively large electromagnetic interference)with other digital circuit, it is relatively difficult to pass through the test projects involving conduction disturbance and radiation disturbance under EN 61000-6-4 standard. In order to pass through this test, TUV Rheinland suggests that factories shall lay emphasis on whether these key components can meet the requirements of the above mentioned electromagnetic compatibility standard when purchasing or designing the key components.In August 2016, TUV Rheinland pioneered the development and issued the world's first robotic cable standard from the third-party institute - 2 PfG 2577, which made systemic stipulation for physical, mechanical and electrical properties for robotic cables. It not only expressly put forward the requirements for R&D of robotic cables for cable manufacturers, significantly reducing R&D costs for cable manufacturers, but also providing direct and reliable reference for considering the ability of suppliers, controlling the product quality of suppliers for cable manufacturersThe world-renown buyers have proposed the requirements towards functional safety on procurement, as the international authority of certification EU officially authorized, the functional safety certificates of TUV Rheinland have become one of the tender requirements for international purchasers. TUV Rheinland suggests developing and designing robotic systems based on the standards and specifications of IEC 61508, IEC 62061, ISO 13849, ISO 10218 and ISO / TS 15066, to ensure the functional safety.When a robot needs to be used in explosive or environment with explosive risk, it must be equipped with explosion-proof safety function to avoid explosions. TUV Rheinland explosion-proof safety certification department is the largest institution specialized in ATEX and IECEx international explosion-proof certification with offices in Beijing, Shanghai and Taipei. It has more than ten experienced technical experts and auditors who are authorized by ATEX and IECEx, who can effectively help customers shorten certification cycle, thus to save cost.In November 2016, four ministries including the national development and Reform Commission, General Administration of quality inspection, the Ministry of industry and Certification and Accreditation Administration of the People's Republic of China have issued the mark ofcertification system and CCID Testing and Certification Co., Ltd was designated as corporate operation platform for conducting robot testing business. In addition to the normal testing, inspection and certification projects, CCID Testing and Certification and TUV Rheinland has jointly launched a variety of value-added services, including mechanical and electrical safety training, issuingcertificate of TUV Rheinland to those corporates obtainingcertificate, as well as further issuing international CE certificates for the corporates which met the requirements to help the products to go global, please click and fulfill application. https://jinshuju.net/ f/ynMf20
A combination of still images taken from a video released by the U.S. Department of Defense on April 14, 2017 shows (clockwise) the explosion of a MOAB, or 'mother of all bombs', when it struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar, Afghanistan, bordering Pakistan where U.S. officials said a network of tunnels and caves was being used by militants linked to Islamic State. U.S. Department of Defense/Handout via REUTERS
Still image taken from a video released by the U.S. Department of Defense on April 14, 2017 shows the moment after a MOAB, or 'mother of all bombs', struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar, Afghanistan, bordering Pakistan where U.S. officials said a network of tunnels and caves was being used by militants linked to Islamic State. U.S. Department of Defense/Handout via REUTERS
ACHIN, Afghanistan Qari Mehrajuddin first saw "lightning like a thunderstorm" followed by the roar of an explosion, an all-to-familiar sound for residents in Afghanistan's war-torn Nangarhar province.
"I thought there was a bombing just outside my home," they said.
In reality, the blast was around three miles away, its massive impact bigger than any before seen in the region.
On Thursday night, American forces dropped one of the largest conventional bombs ever used in combat on what they described as a tunnel complex used by Islamic State militants in Nangarhar's Achin district.
Achin is separated from Pakistan by a range of high mountains, one of the areas where Taliban and al Qaeda fighters fled when the United States first intervened in the country in late 2001.
Now U.S. officials say militants affiliated to the Middle East-based Islamic State network have begun fortifying caves in the region in an effort to hold off joint operations by Afghan and U.S. forces.
Some residents in areas of Achin recently liberated from Islamic State occupation welcomed Thursday's strike, which hit headlines around the world and has been widely interpreted as a deliberate show of strength by U.S. President Donald Trump.
"If you want to destroy and eliminate Daesh, then even if you destroy my home we won't complain, because they are not human beings, they are savages," said resident Mir Alam Shinwari, using an Arabic term for Islamic State.
Shinwari described a litany of abuses they said were committed by Islamic State fighters.
"They used to marry our daughters and wives to their fighters, blamed residents for spying, they beheaded, cut (off) hands and did not allow mobile phones that had cameras," they told Reuters.
That sentiment was echoed by Gul Sher, another resident who called on the United States and the Afghan government to "hit Daesh and wipe them out completely."
"We were so fed up with the atrocities of Daesh and they were against everything we are," they said.
Away from the area directly impacted by the blast, the reaction was more mixed.
"The fact is that America used their big bomb here to test its effectiveness," said Kabul resident Asadullah Khaksar. "If America wants to eliminate Daesh, it is very easy because they created this group."
Rahim Khan, another Kabul resident, also took a skeptical view of America's role in the fighting.
"If this bombing was indeed for the elimination of Daesh this is a good move, but I don't believe it," they said. "This is all imposed on Afghanistan for proxy war."
Some Afghans remain deeply suspicious of Washington's motives in sending troops to the country more than 15 years ago, and view their ongoing presence as a form of occupation.
Others are glad of their intervention, fearing that the alternative would be a return to the strict Islamist rule of the Taliban, ousted from power in 2001 but fighting a stubborn insurgency that is costing thousands of lives every year.
Defending their decision to deploy the bomb, General John Nicholson, top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, called Islamic State fighters "animals" for conducting attacks against targets like a hospital in Kabul.
"The Afghan army, and specifically their commandos, are leading the fight against these barbaric terrorists," they told journalists in Kabul on Friday.
"They're doing it on behalf of the people of Afghanistan and indeed, they are doing it on behalf of all of us."
(Writing and additional reporting by Josh Smith; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Shinedown announce their 2018 Canadian Tour with the first leg of dates set to kick off in Penticton. Photo courtesy of Shinedown
Acclaimed rockers Shinedown announce their 2018 Canadian Tour with the first leg of dates set to kick off in Penticton at the South Okanagan Events Centre on March 27.
Joining Shinedown are American alternative rock bands In This Moment and 10 Years as well as Canadian rockers' One Bad Son. Tickets go on sale this Friday, Dec. 15 at 10 a.m.
Related: One Bad Son ready to rock The Mule
Shinedown have built their name on rock songs both brutal in power and epic in scope. Now, with their latest album, Shinedown (Brent Smith, Barry Kerch, Eric Bass, and Zach Myers) veer away from that densely layered sonic palette and take a more direct approach. Featuring lead single Cut the Cord — a blistering track that shot to No.1 on Active Rock radio — Threat to Survival finds the multi-platinum-selling band achieving their most powerful sound ever and offering up their most important album to date.
As Smith explains, Shinedown's approach on Threat to Survival had much to do with the emotionally raw material at the heart of the album.
“When we started the writing process we realized the changes that had taken place over the past 2 years, our experiences, and the relationships that had come and gone, the album really took on a life of its own,” said Smith. “It's like the songs were saying to us, ‘The songs were so honest, it felt necessary to present them in the most straightforward way possible.'”
Shinedown continually bring both staggering musicality and a powerful emotional complexity to their music.
“There's always been a certain level of positivity with Shinedown — that's even where our name came from,” said Smith. “There's a sense that everything that's bad has a little bit of good to it, just like everything that's good has a little bit of bad. The songs on this album address the reality that we're all going to die at some point and that sometimes the willingness to survive is all you have. It's about holding onto that sheer will to live, and getting through whatever might come your way because the legacy that you leave behind is what will carry you on to your next journey.”
Tickets for Power 104's Powerball featuring Shinedown with special guests In This Moment, One Bad Son and 10 Years are $39.50 and $59.50 (plus additional service fees). Tickets can be purchased online at valleyfirsttix.com, by phone 1-877-763-2849 or in person at the Valley First Box Office (at the SOEC).
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Logos of ConocoPhillips are seen in its booth at Gastech, the world's biggest expo for the gas industry, in Chiba, Japan, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
HOUSTON ConocoPhillips reported a surprise quarterly loss on Tuesday as operating costs came in higher than expected, sending its shares lower in afternoon trading.
However, the largest U.S. independent oil producer's results reflected a slow but steady improvement across the industry bolstered by improved pricing for its oil and natural gas. Crude prices are up more than 50 percent from a year ago.
Don Wallette Jr., chief financial officer, said the latest quarter included a $200 million loss from a currency hedge tied to the British pound and a benefit of about $100 million from a tax loss carry forward.
The company expects to complete the sale of some Canadian oil sands and natural gas properties this quarter, and will finish a planned $3 billion share buyback by year end, they said in a conference call.
The Houston-based company said its total realized price was $36.18 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter, compared with $22.94 a year earlier.
ConocoPhillips's production, excluding Libya, inched up 2 percent to 1.584 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in the latest quarter.
That was higher than Wall Street expectations of 1.571 million boepd.
"Production was above guidance, but this was outweighed by higher costs," Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov said.
The company's operating expenses of $1.30 billion were higher than Raymond James' estimate of $1.24 billion, Molchanov said. Exploration expenses of $258 million on a pre-tax basis were also much larger than the $70 million Barclays analysts had estimated.
ConocoPhillips said it expects production of between 1.495 million and 1.535 million boepd for the current quarter, excluding any output from Libya. The estimate does not reflect the impact of recently announced asset sales.
The oil producer said last month it would sell natural gas-heavy assets in San Juan basin to privately held Hilcorp Energy Co for about $3 billion and earlier agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc for C$17.7 billion.
ConocoPhillips has also marked other gas-weighted assets for sale, including some assets in the Anadarko basin, the Barnett shale field, and the Gulf of Mexico.
Net profit was $800 million, or 62 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with a net loss of $1.5 billion, or $1.18 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding a gain on the sale of assets in Canada, the company posted a loss of 2 cents per share. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 1 cent per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru and Gary McWilliams in Houston; Editing by David Gregorio)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3274, or 75.35 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed (Updates with gains following central bank rate decision) TORONTO, April 12 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Wednesday to a six-week high against its U.S. counterpart after the Bank of Canada held interest rates unchanged and offered a tentative nod to recent signals of strength in the economy. The Canadian dollar gained around 0.40 percent against the U.S. dollar, last trading at C$1.3271 to the greenback, or 75.35 U.S. cents, stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3332, or 75.01 U.S. cents. It marked the strongest level for the currency since Feb. 28. The Bank of Canada, as expected, held rates steady and said recent economic growth has been faster than expected. Still, it cautioned that it was too soon to conclude the Canadian economy was on a sustainable growth path. The dollar was "reacting to the headlines, certainly a nod from the bank to stronger growth trends recently," said Shaun Osborne, chief currency strategist at Scotiabank. "The headline suggests the bank is taking a positive outlook on the Canadian economy, but I think a deeper read on this suggests not an awful lot is going to change here. And it certainly doesn't bring rate increases any closer than we were before. We may see a bit of a counter reaction (on the currency) when people have a deeper read of this." Gains for Canada's risk-sensitive currency came as a break in alarming international political news cooled a safe-haven rally that saw the yen and gold at five-month highs and top-rated government bond yields at their lowest this year. Canadian home prices rose in March, extending their climb in major cities in Ontario and British Columbia, according to data which was likely to add to concerns about housing affordability in some parts of the country. Canadian government bond prices were mixed, with the two-year down 2.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.745 percent and the 10-year unchanged to yield 1.545 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith and Dan Burns; Editing by W Simon and Andrea Ricci)
- As seen above, Title Match Wrestling has just released video from an eight-man elimination match that took place at a WrestlePro event in November 2016, shortly before The Hardys returned to WWE at WrestleMania 33. The match features The Broken Hardys, Ryback and WrestlePro owner Pat Buck vs. Chris Payne and The Heavenly Bodies.
- Tuesday's WWE SmackDown ranked #2 among series & specials for the night in Nielsen's social media TV ratings, behind America's Got Talent. Nielsen has paused Instagram data but SmackDown had a total of 226,000 interactions on Facebook and Twitter this week - 72,000 unique interactions on Facebook and 154,000 unique interactions on Twitter. This is down from last week's episode, which had a total of 295,000 interactions - 134,000 interactions on Facebook and 161,000 interactions on Twitter.
See Also Dolph Ziggler Says They Wanted Latest WWE Absence To Be For A Long Time
- Dolph Ziggler will be returning to Kennedy Nation on the Fox Business Channel tonight at 8pm EST. Ziggler tweeted the following to promote the appearance:
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
April 11 NZX Ltd
* NZX will continue to consider trading halt applications on case by case basis if substantial shareholder informed entity shareholder completing off market sell down through bookbuild
* on 31 March 2017, ASX announced it would no longer agree to requests from listed entity for trading halt to facilitate sale by existing security holder of major stake in entity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
WaveDivision Holdings LLC is exploring a sale that its private equity owners hope will value the regional U.S. provider of cable TV, internet and telephone service at more than $2 billion (1.60 billion pounds), including debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
The move comes amid a wave of dealmaking in the U.S. cable sector, as fierce price competition and significant capital expenditure requirements put pressure on what have traditionally been stable businesses with reliable cash flows.
Buyout firms Oak Hill Capital Management LLC and GI Partners, which together with Wave's management own the company, have hired investment bank UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) to run an auction for Wave, the people said this week.
Wave has 12-month earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of around $200 million, the people added.
The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Wave and UBS declined to comment. Oak Hill Capital and GI Partners did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
A sale of Wave would be the latest in a string of such deals in the sector. Earlier this week, U.S. cable mogul John Malone's Liberty Interactive Corp (QVCA.O) said it would acquire Alaska-based cable provider General Communication Inc (GNCMA.O) for $1.12 billion.
Last year, private equity firm TPG Global acquired regional broadband providers RCN Telecom Services LLC and Grande Communications Networks LLC for $2.25 billion from another buyout firm, ABRY Partners.
Headquartered in Kirkland, Washington, Wave has residential and commercial customers in the Seattle, Sacramento, San Francisco and Portland markets.
A portion of Wave's network, including in the San Francisco market, is considered an "overbuilder," meaning it competes with existing cable providers. This could present regulatory obstacles for another cable company seeking to acquire it.
Wave has also been heavily investing in its fibre network. The company said last fall it has 1,000 fibre construction projects underway.
Wave's fibre-rich network could enable it to generate more cash from its high-speed data services for homes and businesses, credit ratings agency Moody's Investors Service Inc said last August.
Oak Hill Capital, GI Partners and Wave's management, including Chief Executive Steve Weed, acquired the company in 2012 from Sandler Capital Management. The value of that deal was $950 million, according to Moody's.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
A worker cleans the corporate logo of the Odebrecht SA construction conglomerate at its headquarters in São Paulo, Brazil, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
São Paulo A judge in the Dominican Republic on Wednesday approved terms of a $184 million fine on Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL], which sought a plea deal after admitting to bribing officials to win contracts in the country.
Dominican Attorney General Jean Rodriguez called the ruling by Judge Danilo Quevedo "a momentous step forward in the fight against corruption." Rodriguez said Odebrecht will provide a list of those who accepted bribes by May 19, along with testimony and documents corroborating the accusations.
The accord is the first of about 10 that Odebrecht wants to settle across Latin America and Africa.
Reuters reported earlier in the day that Brazilian prosecutors will submit criminal evidence that their Dominican counterparts need to continue their investigation of Odebrecht.
In December, Odebrecht and petrochemical subsidiary Braskem SA (BRKM5.SA) settled with Brazilian, U.S. and Swiss authorities a record fine of $3.5 billion. Odebrecht admitted to bribing officials in 12 countries, mostly Latin America, to help secure lucrative contracts.
Speeding up negotiations across Latin America is crucial to Odebrecht, which is trying to prevent upcoming elections across the region from slowing planned asset sales and refinancing 76 billion reais ($24 billion) of debt. Prosecutors from 10 Latin American countries formed a task force to investigate the scheme.
Odebrecht and prosecutors in Panama, Colombia and Peru have made significant progress on the elaboration of plea deals, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters on Wednesday. The countries have for years been relevant clients of Odebrecht's civil construction unit.
(Reporting by Tatiana Bautzer; Additional reporting by Jorge Pineda in the Dominican Republic; Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Bill Trott)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cenveo Inc:
* CENVEO, INC. ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT WITH FIRST LIEN NOTEHOLDERS TO RECAPITALIZE BALANCE SHEET
* CENVEO - ‍ANNOUNCED THAT IT HAS REACHED AN AGREEMENT WITH HOLDERS OF A MAJORITY OF ITS FIRST LIEN DEBT TO SUPPORT A CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION​
* SAYS ‍CENVEO AND ITS DOMESTIC UNITS HAVE FILED VOLUNTARY PETITIONS FOR REORGANIZATION UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF U.S. BANKRUPTCY
* SAYS ‍CHAPTER 11 FILING DOES NOT INCLUDE FOREIGN ENTITIES, SUCH AS THOSE LOCATED IN INDIA​
* ALSO NEGOTIATED AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN OF ITS EXISTING LENDERS TO PROVIDE CENVEO UP TO $290 MILLION OF DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION FINANCING​
* SAYS ‍HAS ENTERED INTO A RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (RSA) WITH NOTEHOLDERS REPRESENTING MORE THAN 50% OF ITS FIRST LIEN DEBT​
* SAYS ‍IN TOTAL, DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION FINANCING WILL ALLOW CENVEO TO ACCESS UP TO $100 MILLION IN INCREMENTAL LIQUIDITY DURING CHAPTER 11 CASE​
* SAYS AGREEMENT WITH FIRST LIEN NOTEHOLDERS TO RECAPITALIZE BALANCE SHEET TRANSACTION WILL SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER DEBT BY ABOUT $700 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) speaks to reporters after the weekly Democratic caucus policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON The U.S. Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, called on Monday for the removal of Republican Representative Devin Nunes as chairperson of the House of Representatives' Intelligence Committee.
Nunes, whose committee is investigating potential ties between President Donald Trump's campaign and Russia, visited the White House the night before announcing they had information indicating Trump associates may have been subject to some level of intelligence activity before Trump took office on Jan. 20.
"Chairman Nunes is falling down on the job and seems to be more interested in protecting the president than in seeking the truth," Schumer said in a Senate speech.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; editing by Grant McCool)
April 12 KazMunaiGas Exploration and Production (KMG EP) says:
* Based on 2016 results the board has recommended a dividend per ordinary and preferred share at 289 tenges; the company paid no dividend from 2015 profit;
* Board of directors has approved an increase in capital expenditure for 2017 to 133 billion tenges ($427 million), 12 percent above previous guidance. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Olzhas Auyezov)
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2018 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, Feb (Reuters) - Sterling slipped on Friday, hit by weak data from Britain's construction sector, but was nevertheless on track for its seventh straight week of gains against the dollar - the pound's best run since 2012.
Britain's construction sector came close to contracting for the first time since September last month as uncertainty linked to Brexit caused new orders to dry up, data showed.
Sterling slipped to the day's low of $1.4210 after the data, down around a third of a percent on the day. It was also 0.2 percent weaker against the euro, at 87.82 pence .
“The PMI construction data today certainly could have had an impact, and certainly sterling is a bit softer, but I‘m wondering if there could be a reassessment going on in sterling,” Rabobank currency strategist Jane Foley said.
For the week, sterling was still up almost half a percent against the dollar. Analysts say the currency is being supported by a repricing of Bank of England interest rate hike expectations - several banks are now calling for a rise to come in May, and for another to come later in the year.
That follows testimony on Tuesday from BoE Governor Mark Carney, who sounded a more upbeat tone than previously, saying how wage growth was finally picking up and that the focus of the BoE is shifting back to tackling above-target inflation.
“There does seem to be a will in the Bank of England to reduce policy accommodation. If it weren't for the Brexit-related risks, I would be very confident that they will (hike) twice this year,” Foley added.
The BoE's Monetary Policy Committee is seen as almost certain to keep rates at 0.50 percent when it meets next week, however.
Sterling has also been helped in recent weeks by a lack of major bad news around Brexit, analysts say. Markets largely brushed aside talk of a leadership challenge to British Prime Minister Theresa May, as well as a House of Lords report that said their Brexit legislation plans contained “fundamental flaws”.
Data last week showed speculators added to their bets on the pound strengthening further in the most recent week, with net-long positions at their highest since mid-2014.
“While the front-end BoE rates market has sold off plenty and sterling has moved significantly higher (against the dollar), we think both moves have further to go,” wrote Nomura currency strategist Jordan Rochester in a note to clients late on Thursday. (Editing by Angus MacSwan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors are now seeking approval for $3 billion (£2.1 billion) of settlements arising from the corruption scandal that enveloped Brazil's state-controlled oil company, Petroleo Brasileiro SA (PETR4.SA), including a new $50 million settlement with its auditor. The new settlement, with PricewaterhouseCoopers' (PwC) Brazilian subsidiary, was disclosed in Manhattan federal court on Thursday night. Lawyers for the investors, led by the law firm Pomerantz in New York, plan to seek up to $285 million in fees, according to the filings.
PwC could not immediately be reached for comment. The settlements and attorneys' fees must be approved by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff.
Petrobras said on Jan. 3 that it would pay $2.95 billion to settle a class action lawsuit by investors who said their shares lost value as a result of a sprawling corruption probe in Brazil focusing on the company.
If approved, the deal would represent the largest-ever settlement payout to investors in the United States by a foreign entity, according to a statement from Pomerantz on Friday. Though smaller than many analysts expected, it is among the largest investor class action settlements in U.S. history.
Petrobras has denied wrongdoing and has maintained it was a victim of misconduct by former executives. The company said in a court filing Thursday that it reserves the right to recover money from former executives and others accused of corruption who were not part of the settlement.
For the last four years, Brazil has been rocked by the so-called Car Wash investigation into kickbacks paid by contractors to executives of state-run companies and politicians in return for public projects.
The settlement put an end to “extremely high uncertainty” about the company's potential liability, JPMorgan said in a Jan. 3 client note, adding that it had expected a figure in excess of $5 billion. Analysts at Brazilian bank BTG Pactual said the market had expected a settlement of $5 billion to $10 billion.
Petrobras Chief Executive Pedro Parente said on Jan. 16 that the company would not consider additional shareholder settlements in other countries unless forced to by law.
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is not opposed to a protest march by civil society group SaveSA this week to the capital's Union Buildings, where their offices are located, their office said in a statement on Thursday.
"The Presidency respects the right of South Africans to protest peacefully as enshrined in the Constitution of the Republic. The Presidency is thus not opposed to the march by SaveSA to the Union Buildings," Zuma's office said.
SaveSA and similar civil society groups will march together in Pretoria on Friday, and the main opposition party Democratic Alliance will march in the commercial hub, Johannesburg.
(Reporting by James Macharia; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Image caption Is time up for the traditional clock face?
Do young people really struggle with traditional analogue clocks with hands?
That's the claim in a debate between teachers - with suggestions that digital clocks are being installed in exam halls for teenagers.
It follows a report in the Times Educational Supplement of a conference being told that pupils needed a digital clock to be able to tell the time.
Malcolm Trobe, of the ASCL head teachers' union, said young people were much more used to using digital clocks.
As such, schools could be trying to give them more help by letting students use digital clocks in exam rooms during the summer GCSEs and A-levels.
"To adults it might seem second nature to use a standard clock face," said Mr Trobe, ASCL's deputy general secretary.
Skip Twitter post by @nicolatowle Our school has replaced the analogue clock with a digital one in the hall for exams because pupils couldn't use it to tell the time. — Nicola Towle (@nicolatowle) March 14, 2018 Report
But younger people were much more familiar with seeing the time in a digital format - on computers or mobile phones.
"Young people find it a bit easier to use a digital clock - and if they're timing themselves for questions, it might make it less likely that they'll make mistakes," said Mr Trobe.
They said, as an example, if students had to answer a question in 15 minutes, it could be easier for them looking at a clock with a digital format, if that was how they usually told the time.
There were no official indications about taking down analogue clocks, they said, but such claims were being made by teachers on social media.
One of the examples on Twitter being quoted is from a head of English, "Ms Keenan".
But they told the BBC that the digital clocks that had been installed had broken down - and now had been replaced by a traditional analogue clock.
They said it wasn't the case that a majority of students can't tell the time using such analogue clocks, but it could be a barrier for some.
For the "digital generation", they said an analogue clock could be becoming an "anachronism".
Will this be a trend for the approaching summer exams?
Only time will tell.
March 28 HAMBORNER REIT AG:
* Is forecasting 2017 increase in FFO to between around 43 million and 44 million euros (up by 19 percent to 22 percent on previous year)
* Dividend proposal 0.43 euro (+2.4 percent)
* Net profit for year amounted to 17.4 million euros ($18.91 million), up significantly by 26.5 percent on previous year's level (13.8 million euros)
* Income from rents and leases amounted to 61.8 million euros in 2016 and was therefore 9.4 million euros or 17.9 percent higher than figure for previous year
* Funds from operations (FFO), a key indicator of company's operating performance, climbed to 36.1 million euros in 2016 (previous year: 29.2 million euros) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9204 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The National Football League has reached an agreement with Amazon.com Inc to allow Amazon Prime customers to stream 10 "Thursday Night Football" games in the coming season, NFL and Amazon representatives said. nyti.ms/2oB4Uba
- Spotify and Universal Music Group — whose hundreds of artists include Drake, U2, the Weeknd and Lady Gaga — reached a multiyear license deal, the companies announced on Tuesday. nyti.ms/2nC7SYq
- New York State's highest court dealt a blow to Facebook Inc and other social media companies seeking to expand privacy protections, ruling on Tuesday that Facebook had no right to ask an appellate court to quash search warrants ordering the company to hand over information from hundreds of accounts in a disability fraud case. nyti.ms/2nCrxHu
- Boeing Co announced a tentative agreement on Tuesday to sell up to 60 737s to Iran's Aseman Airlines, a transaction valued at $6 billion that angered American critics of Iran and appeared likely to test the Trump administration's avowed hostility toward that country. nyti.ms/2n9f7f2 (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
(Repeats story with no changes to text, adds PIX)
HARARE, April 12 Zimbabwean entrepreneurs could soon use movable assets -- including livestock and vehicles -- to secure loans from banks, according to a bill brought before the country's Parliament this week.
The southern African country's economy is now dominated by informal business following the formal sector's contraction by as much as 50 percent between 2000 and 2008, according to government data, after President Robert Mugabe's seizure of white-owned farms decimated the key agriculture sector.
The Movable Property Security Interest Bill, brought before lawmakers by Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa on Tuesday, seeks to make it easier for Zimbabwe's burgeoning informal sector to access funding from banks.
A copy of the bill seen by Reuters on Wednesday defines movable property as "any tangible or intangible property other than immovable property."
Presenting the bill, which still has to go through several stages before being passed as law, Chinamasa said the majority of small businesses did not have the immovable assets which banks require as collateral for loans.
"The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Act will be amended to achieve the objective of this bill, and the assets to be considered include any type such as machinery, motor vehicles, livestock, and accounts receivable," Chinamasa told lawmakers.
The finance minister said banks had failed to adjust to Zimbabwe's new economic reality in which the informal sector, mostly made up of small businesses, plays a dominant role.
Loans to small businesses amounted to $250 million in the year to date, Chinamasa said, out of total bank loans of nearly $4 billion.
"As minister in charge of financial institutions, I feel there is need for a change of attitude by our banks to reflect our economic realities," Chinamasa said.
The bill provides for a collateral registry to be set up by the central bank, which would maintain a database of all movable assets put up as loan security.
"The purpose of the registry is to facilitate commerce, industry and other socio-economic activities by enabling individuals and businesses to utilise their movable property as collateral for credit," reads part of the bill.
Pitching the proposed law to legislators, Chinamasa cited several developing economies -- including Liberia, Ghana, Malawi, Kenya, Lesotho, Peru and Ukraine -- which they said used livestock and other movable assets as collateral to increase lending to small businesses.
"Their access to banking finance increased by 8 percent (on average), while interest rates declined by 3 percent per annum. This will bring benefit to the economy, including participation of SMEs in the mainstream financial sector," said Chinamasa.
Zimbabwe's economy enjoyed a temporary reprieve after it adopted the use of multiple foreign currencies -- mainly the U.S dollar and South Africa's rand -- in 2009 to replace its inflation-ravaged local unit.
The currency move initially paid dividends, with the economy expanding by an average 11.3 percent between 2010 and 2012, according to World Bank data, while inflation came down to single digits from about 500 billion percent in December 2008.
However, declining exports from the mineral-dependent southern African country following weaker mineral commodity prices coincided with a sharp rise in imports, triggering an acute foreign currency shortage and slowing down the economy as credit to businesses dries up. (Reporting by Nelson Banya; Editing by Sandra Maler)
WELLINGTON, March 29 The final day of the third test between New Zealand and South Africa at Seddon Park in Hamilton was abandoned on Wednesday without a ball being bowled.
South Africa clinched the three-match series 1-0 having won the second game at Wellington's Basin Reserve by eight wickets. The first test in Dunedin ended in a draw after the final day was also washed out.
New Zealand had been in a strong position to win the match after reducing South Africa to 80 for five in their second innings, still requiring another 95 runs to make the hosts bat again. (Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator said on Friday it had ordered all cyrptocurrency exchanges to submit a report on their system risk management, following the hacking of over half a billion dollars of digital money from Coincheck.
The regulator, the Financial Services Agency, said the order was given to 31 exchanges excluding Coincheck, which had already been ordered to do so.
GUINDA, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on wildfires in the Western United States (all times local):
11:05 a.m.
Officials have ordered more Utah residents to evacuate their homes as crews struggled to gain control over a wildfire burning near a popular fishing reservoir.
The fire burning near Strawberry Reservoir has grown to 62 square miles (160 square kilometers) over three days amid high wind gusts, steep terrain and extremely dry conditions.
It has destroyed about 30 structures and led officials to evacuate several hundred homes and cabins in the area about two hours southeast of Salt Lake City.
Officials on Wednesday didn't have an updated count of buildings evacuated or destroyed. But they extended evacuations to an area dotted with trees and cabins stretching about 20 miles (32 kilometers).
The blaze started Sunday. Officials believe it was human-caused but they're still investigating how it started.
___
10:35 a.m.
Crews battling a Northern California wildfire that's threatening nearly 1,400 buildings are hoping to take advantage of cooler weather to tackle the flames.
Fire spokesperson Israel Pinzon says Wednesday is expected to be the coolest day of the week, with temperatures 10 to 15 degrees lower than the triple digits that firefighters have faced.
Roughly 2,500 people had been forced from their homes. Pinzon says officials lifted some mandatory evacuations Tuesday night, though they didn't know how many people were allowed to return home.
The fire has burned through about 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) in rural counties northwest of Sacramento. It is 25 percent contained.
No structures have been damaged or destroyed.
___
10:20 a.m.
A southern Colorado wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes is still growing.
Officials said Wednesday that the fire has burned 147 square miles (381 square kilometers) since it began June 27.
Officials estimated that the fire about 205 miles (330 kilometers) southwest of Denver is still just 5 percent contained.
They say preventing the fire from spreading further south toward the small mountain town of Cuchara is a priority Wednesday.
Crews are watching for small fires inside neighborhoods as unpredictable winds persist. Nearly 1,000 firefighters are in the area.
___
8:45 a.m.
Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 percent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 percent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
The logo of the Bank of Korea is seen on the top of its building in Seoul, South Korea, March 8, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo/File Photo
SEOUL South Korea's central bank said on Friday the possibility of massive capital flight from Asia's fourth-largest economy due to higher U.S. interest rates is small at present and that it plans to keep monetary policy at home accommodative.
The Bank of Korea said in a regular report on its monetary policy that previous outflows have been driven by local economic weakness and the spread of global financial market uncertainty, not the gap in interest rates between South Korea and the United States.
"With the rise in U.S. market rates there may be some bond-related flows leaving the country but we expect the size of those flows to be limited enough to not lend a serious impact on bond markets," the BOK said in the report.
The Bank of Korea's monetary policy rate currently stands at a record low of 1.25 percent, while the Federal Reserve is widely seen to raise interest rates to a range of 1.25 percent to 1.50 percent by end-2017.
A majority of analysts see the BOK keeping rates unchanged until it starts normalising them next year.
Meanwhile, the South Korean central bank said although it sees the country's negative output gap persisting through 2018, domestic consumption is expected to improve as uncertainties from political risks at home are dissipating while households' perception of the economy turns positive.
An output gap is the difference between an economy's maximum potential output and actual output.
The report comes a day after the BOK said the economy grew a stronger-than-expected 0.9 percent in the first quarter, accelerating from a 0.5 percent expansion in the final three months of last year and the fastest pace since last spring.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
The logo of France's state-owned electricity company EDF is seen on the company tower at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen /File Photo
EDF Energy's (EDF.PA) nuclear project in Britain will not face any impact from issues related to the discovery of manufacturing irregularities at French nuclear group Areva (AREVA.PA), a supplier to the new plant, EDF's CEO said on Wednesday.
French nuclear regulator ASN and other international regulators inspected Areva's Le Creusot foundry in December after manufacturing irregularities were discovered last year.
Following the discovery, two EDF nuclear reactors have been halted for months, utilities worldwide have launched reviews of Areva-made parts and the Paris prosecutor in December opened an investigation into the suspected falsification of documents.
Asked about the implications for EDF Energy's planned new nuclear plant in Britain called Hinkley Point C, chief executive Vincent de Rivaz said there would be "no impact".
An internal document by Britain's Office for Nuclear Regulation seen last week by Reuters brought into question EDF's oversight of Areva, saying it would have to carry out a regulatory review before the end of the year.
De Rivaz said there has hardly ever been a project as heavily scrutinised as Hinkley Point C.
"We are ticking all the boxes in terms of being compliant on environment and safety. There is nothing to worry about," they told the Future of Utilities conference.
On the sidelines of the conference in London, EDF's de Rivaz said construction work had started at the site and the reactor would be built by Areva.
Asked whether it would be made at Le Creusot, they said: "It will be made at the right place and at the right time. I don't want to enter into the details."
An Areva executive also said on Wednesday irregularities at Le Creusot were no reason to close reactors.
De Rivaz also said if other countries in the European Union decided to follow Britain's lead and introduce a carbon price floor, "it would be good, providing it is at the right level."
Britain has a domestic carbon floor price, but there have been calls for an EU-wide one to encourage low-carbon investment, as the actual EU carbon price is too low at around 5 euros ($5) a tonne.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
Comedian Don Rickles died on Thursday at the age of 90 at their Los Angeles home, their publicist said.
Rickles, also an actor and a best-selling author, was nicknamed Mr. Warmth in a facetious reference to their barbed jokes. They died of kidney failure.
Following are six facts about Rickles.
* Rickles was not always an insult-slinging comedian. They graduated from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York, where their classmates included Jason Robards, Grace Kelly and Anne Bancroft. They had an early undistinguished stage career before gravitating toward comedy work, starting out in strip joints and working their way up to nightclubs, casinos, records, television and movies.
* Rickles did not think of themselves as an "insult comic." They said their act was all in fun and that their barbs were exaggerations delivered with good humor. "I'm the guy that makes fun of the boss at the Christmas party on Friday night and Monday still has their job," they once said.
* Rickles inspired lots of nicknames. Singer Frank Sinatra called the short, bald comedian "Bullethead" while late-night television host Johnny Carson gave them the facetious title "Mr. Warmth" and Milton Berle dubbed them "The Merchant of Venom."
* One of Rickles' most notorious put-downs was to call someone a "hockey puck" but they once told an interviewer they were unsure how they came up with the barb.
* A lifelong Democrat, Rickles performed as part of Ronald Reagan's second presidential inauguration. They joked that they took the job because they wanted to hang out with Sinatra.
* Rickles was a devoted son but in their act referred to their mother, Etta Rickles, as "the Jewish Patton."
(Writing by Bill Trott; Editing by Jill Serjeant)
* BOJ likely trimmed bond buying amount in March
* BOJ to cut short-term JGB buying in April
* Kuroda has said bond-buying amount may fluctuate
* BOJ next meets for rate review April 26-27
By Leika Kihara and Hiroyasu Hoshi
TOKYO, March 31 The Bank of Japan has no immediate plan to remove a loose pledge to keep buying government bonds at a set annual pace, sources familiar with its thinking say, despite signs of a slowdown in its bond purchases.
The BOJ likely bought 8.58 trillion yen ($76.7 billion) in Japanese government bonds (JGB) in March, down 1.62 trillion yen from February when it bought the second largest amount on record, Reuters estimates showed.
The slowdown came as the BOJ reduced purchases of short-term and super-long bonds in several auctions during the month.
A schedule of its regular debt-purchasing operations released on Friday showed the central bank will also trim the amount of shorter-dated JGBs it buys in April.
Under a new framework adopted in September last year, the BOJ shifted its policy target to interest rates from the pace of money printing after more than three years of massive stimulus failed to foster sustainable growth or lift inflation to its 2 percent target.
While it no longer commits to buying government bonds at a set pace, the BOJ left intact a loose pledge to increase its bond holdings at an annual pace of roughly 80 trillion yen to appease advocates in its board of aggressive money printing.
Some market players have speculated that the BOJ will soon remove the loose guidance from a statement announcing its policy decision to give itself more flexibility in how much bond it buys each month.
But the central bank remains wary of doing so given uncertainty on how increases in global bond yields - driven by expectations of steady U.S. interest rate hikes - could affect Japanese yields, the sources say.
"The BOJ's monthly bond buying amount tends to fluctuate on various factors, so there's no guarantee it will keep falling," one of the sources said.
"It's necessary to look at the longer-term trend" before deciding whether to remove the bond-buying pledge, another source said, a view echoed by a third source.
The balance of the BOJ's bond holdings increased by roughly 70 trillion yen in March compared with a year ago, according to estimates by Mizuho Securities, well below the central bank's 80 trillion yen pledge.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has stressed that the amount of the bank's bond purchases could fluctuate depending on how much is needed to achieve its yield targets, as it no longer targets the pace of money printing.
Japanese bond yields have moved stably in March unlike in January and February, when speculation of an early tapering of the BOJ's asset purchases jolted the bond market.
"Market players have become accustomed to the BOJ's yield curve control policy and so are less fearful of any slowdown in the bank's bond purchases," said Tetsuya Matsunaga, senior market analyst at Mizuho Securities.
The BOJ next meets for a rate review on April 26-27.
($1 = 111.8100 yen) (Additional reporting by Sumio Ito)
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
April 28 North West Company Inc
* THE NORTH WEST COMPANY INC TO ACQUIRE NORTH STAR AIR
* NORTH WEST WILL PAY FOR PURCHASE PRICE AND FOLLOW-ON INVESTMENTS IN CASH, FINANCED THROUGH EXISTING CREDIT FACILITIES
* DEAL FOR CAD$31 MILLION
* EXPECTS TO MAKE IMMEDIATE FOLLOW-ON INVESTMENTS OF APPROXIMATELY CAD$14 MILLION FOR ADDITIONAL AIRPLANE AND HUB CAPACITY
* IN AGGREGATE, INVESTMENTS EXPECTED TO DELIVER ABOUT $8 MILLION OF EBITDA PLUS ABOUT $2 MILLION IN AVOIDED CARRIER COST INCREASES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte will ask Congress to extend martial law in the volatile southern island of Mindanao to quell an insurgency, cabinet officials said on Sunday.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte participates in the opening session of the 15th ASEAN-India Summit at the Philippine International Convention Center in Manila, Philippines, November 14 2017. Reuters/Ezra Acayan/Pool
Duterte placed the restive region of 22 million people under military rule on May 23 after Islamist militants took over parts of the southern Marawi City in what was the Philippines' biggest security crisis in years. Martial law is due to expire on Dec. 31.
The Philippine leader will formally request on Monday a one-year extension of martial law, Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea told reporters.
The 23-member Senate and the 296-member House of Representatives will vote once they convene in joint session. Lawmakers are due to go on recess on from Dec. 16 to Jan. 14, 2018.
Military rule should be extended in Mindanao given threats from Maoist guerrillas, Islamist militants and separatist groups, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said.
Militants linked to Islamic State, which tried to gain a foothold in Southeast Asia by capturing parts of Marawi City, are strengthening their recruitment programs, Andanar said.
“There were intelligence reports saying they are planning to attack another city,” Andanar told a radio interview.
The request comes nearly two months after Duterte declared the liberation of Marawi City. More than 1,100 people - mostly militants - were killed and 350,000 displaced by the Marawi unrest.
Continuing martial law beyond the initial 60-day limit requires lawmakers' approval, but the constitution does not restrict how long it can be extended.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 KBR Inc:
* Has settled dispute over judgment pertaining to EPC 1 construction project executed for PEMEX Exploracion y Produccion (PEP)
* KBR Inc- under settlement, KBR has been paid $435 million
* KBR Inc- all litigation between parties is or will be dismissed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 10 British regulators are investigating Jes Staley, the chief executive of Barclays , and the bank itself over a whistleblowing incident, the bank said on Monday.
The Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority are looking into an attempt by Staley last year to identify the author of a letter that was treated by Barclays Bank Plc as a whistleblowing incident, Barclays said in a statement.
The regulators are also looking at Barclays' systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing, the bank added.
A separate investigation by the board of Barclays has found that Staley made an error. The board will issue a formal written reprimand to Staley and cut their pay, but will support their reappointment at the bank's annual general meeting on May 10, the statement said.
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; editing by Jason Neely)
Contact
Christopher Mecray
***@axaltacs.com Christopher Mecray
End
-- Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. will host a conference call to review its first quarter 2017 financial results at 8:00 a.m. ET on Wednesday, April 26, 2017. Charles W. Shaver, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Robert W. Bryant, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review the company's financial performance for the period. A live webcast of the conference call will be available online at www.axalta.com/investorcall.The U.S. dial-in phone number for the conference call is (877) 407-0784 and the international dial-in number is +1 (201) 689-8560.For those unable to participate, a replay of the call will be available through May 3, 2017. The U.S. replay dial-in number is (844) 512-2921 and the international replay dial-in number is +1 (412) 317-6671. The replay passcode is 136 599 36.Axalta is a leading global company focused solely on coatings and providing customers with innovative, colorful, beautiful and sustainable solutions. From light OEM vehicles, commercial vehicles and refinish applications to electric motors, buildings and pipelines, our coatings are designed to prevent corrosion, increase productivity and enable the materials we coat to last longer. With 150 years of experience in the coatings industry, the approximately 13,000 people of Axalta continue to find ways to better serve our more than 100,000 customers in 130 countries every day with the finest coatings, application systems and technology. For more information visit http://www.axaltacs.com/ us/en_US/products- services/powder...
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome European Council President Donald Tusk at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
ATHENS/BRUSSELS Greece and its international lenders remained at odds in talks to release fresh bailout loans to Athens on Wednesday as Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said a deal was needed this week and accused creditors of 'playing games' and causing delays.
Talks between Greece, the European Union and International Monetary Fund have stuttered for months due to differences over Greece's fiscal progress, labour and energy market reforms, rekindling worries of a new crisis in Europe.
Euro zone finance ministers will discuss the state of Greek negotiations on Friday at an informal meeting in Malta, but officials said a full deal there was unlikely.
Tsipras said they would ask for an EU leaders summit if there was no deal this week and accused some creditors of being obstinate.
"The Greek economy is ready to leave the crisis behind it. But despite the impressive fiscal results, some of our creditors appear unrepentant," Tsipras told a news conference after meeting EU Council President Donald Tusk in Athens.
"This isn't child's play. This is the future of a people we are talking about."
Greece is on its third bailout from euro zone governments but to get money it has to pass regular reviews of reforms it agreed to in return for the financing.
"What we are trying to achieve is to get close enough to a deal so that lenders' teams of experts may go back to Athens and finalise the numbers," one official said.
SCEPTICAL
If experts return to Athens, they would still work several more days there to come up with what is called a staff level agreement - a report on Greek reforms that would allow ministers to acknowledge their completion and disburse loans.
The latest problem concerns reforms that Greece has to implement to reach and keep a 3.5 percent of GDP budget surplus before debt servicing costs over several years starting in 2018.
Institutions representing euro zone governments believe Greece will keep the 3.5 percent surplus also in 2019, but the International Monetary Fund, which euro zone governments want to join the bailout for credibility reasons, is sceptical.
The biggest debate is caused by the pension reform, which would marginally raise payouts for some on the lowest pensions, but slash the highest pensions by 40 percent, with an overall average reduction in payouts of some 15 percent.
Tsipras said Greece had achieved a primary budget surplus of 3.5 percent of GDP in 2016, outperforming its 0.5 percent target, so the debate was unnecessary.
Responding to criticism, Tusk said the European Union stood by Greece's side and was facilitating negotiations.
"The sacrifices of the Greek citizens have been immense. One thing must be clear - no one intends to punish Greece, our goal is only to help Greece," they said. "I have no doubt that there is no alternative to a positive breakthrough on Friday."
A spokesperson for Germany's Finance Ministry said the government was watching the "intensive" discussions between Greece and its lenders. "Delays are not good for economic recovery so we are waiting to see what comes out of these talks," they said.
(Writing by Michele Kambas; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Soccer-Abraham to decide Chelsea future after U-21 Euro
June 14 Striker Tammy Abraham will decide on their future at Premier League champions Chelsea after England's campaign in the under-21 European Championships in Poland later this month, the 19-year-old has said.
April 20 Britain's blue chip FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 0.16 percent at 7103 points on Thursday, according to financial spreadbetters. * IHG: Global hotel chain InterContinental Hotels Group Plc said 1,200 of its franchised hotels in the United States, including Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza, were victims of a three-month cyberattack that sought to steal customer payment card data. * RIO TINTO: Global miner Rio Tinto, on Thursday said first-quarter iron production from Australia fell 3 percent from the same period a year ago due to wet weather at its mines, but kept its full-year guidance intact despite weakening ore prices. * OIL: Oil prices regained some ground on Thursday after steep losses the previous day, with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a push to rein in global oversupply could be gathering at least some momentum. * GOLD: Gold held firm on Thursday, after falling as much as 1 percent the previous day, as tensions surrounding North Korea and the upcoming French presidential election offered support to the safe-haven asset amid a firmer dollar. Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,280 per ounce as of 0107 GMT. * Copper: London copper rose on Thursday but was mired near its lowest for the year after China's refined production surged in March, underlining ample stocks in the world's biggest metals consumer. Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange rose by 0.7 percent to $5593 a tonne by 0126 GMT. * EMA: The European Medicines Agency (EMA), Europe's equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, is preparing to leave its London headquarters in the wake of Brexit and its executive director is hoping for a quick decision on its new location. France offered the northern city of Lille as a candidate to host the European Union's drug regulator to replace London after Britain leaves the bloc, the government said on Wednesday. * EX-DIVS: BAE Systems, Barratt Developments, Intu Properties, Mondi and Smurfit Kappa Group will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 3.1 points off the FTSE 100, according to Reuters calculations. * Britain's top share index closed down 0.5 percent at 7,114.36 points as it came under pressure once again on Wednesday, giving up the gains it had made in 2017 as sterling held close to a six-and-a-half-month high after Prime Minister Theresa May called for a snap general election. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Moneysupermarket.Com Group Q1 2017 Moneysupermarket.Com Plc Group PLC Trading Statement Release Man Group Plc Q1 2017 Man Group PLC Trading Statement Release Senior Plc Q1 2017 Senior PLC Trading Statement Release Go-Ahead Group Plc Q3 2016 Go-Ahead Group PLC Trading Statement Release Essentra Plc Trading Statement Release Unilever Plc Q1 2017 Unilever PLC Trading Statement Release Sky Plc Q3 2017 Sky PLC Earnings Release Debenhams Plc Half Year 2017 Debenhams PLC Earnings Release Acacia Mining Plc Q1 2017 Acacia Mining PLC Earnings Release Hvivo Plc Full Year 2016 Hvivo PLC Earnings Release TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
FILE PHOTO: Steve Mnuchin, U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
WASHINGTON The U.S. Treasury said on Wednesday that it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra-long-term bonds a day after its advisory committee questioned investor enthusiasm for such a change.
In its quarterly refunding statement, the Treasury also said it will keep coupon auctions steady in the upcoming quarter and would auction $62 billion in coupon debt next week.
Yields on long-dated Treasuries slipped after the announcement as some investors had expected the department to increase the issuance of longer-dated securities.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a Bloomberg Television interview on Monday that their department was looking at ultra long-term bonds, or those with maturities of more than 30 years.
"We have a working group looking at it," Mnuchin said. "We think that it's something that could absolutely make sense for us at Treasury."
An ultra-long bond would fit in with the Treasury's objective to fund the government at the least cost over time.
Acting Assistant Secretary for Financial Markets Monique Rollins said in the refunding statement that Treasury "continues to meet with a broad variety of market participants in order to assess the costs and benefits." An update will be provided at a future refunding meeting following the completion of an internal review, they said.
A Treasury official, who spoke with reporters on the condition of anonymity, would not comment on when the internal review was expected to be completed.
"I think a lot of people were expecting the Treasury to commit to an ultra-long issue, and they basically said they're reviewing it but remain non-committal," said Gennadiy Goldberg, interest rates strategist at TD Securities in New York.
In minutes of Tuesday's Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee meeting, also released Wednesday, the committee said regular and predictable coupon issuance should remain the central consideration.
"While an ultra-long is most likely to be demanded by those with longer-dated liabilities, the committee does not see evidence of strong or sustainable demand for maturities beyond 30 years."
The committee advised against issuing a 100-year bond and suggested other ways Treasury might tap demand from long-duration investors, such as considering issuing a zero coupon 50-year bond, and reintroducing the 20-year bond.
The borrowing committee also noted that Treasury would need to increase issuance when the Federal Reserve begins unwinding its balance sheet.
On Monday, Treasury said it expects to raise $26 billion through credit markets during the April-June quarter, up $24 billion from its initial estimate early in the year.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Additional reporting by Dan Burns; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Veteran All Blacks utility back Ben Smith has been named as captain for the All Blacks' first international hit-out against Manu Samoa tomorrow night in Auckland.
Smith has played 60 Tests in the black jersey and is expecting a fiery battle against the Pacific nation.
"They're a passionate team, obviously physicality is something that they like to bring to a game of rugby," said Smith.
"They are a proud nation and they will have a lot of support."
Smith will be the first fullback to lead the All Blacks since Mils Muliana did for three Tests in 2009.
"Looking forward to leading the team out, it's going to be awesome.
"I think I've been really lucky being able to play alongside some of the great captains for the All Blacks."
They believe they will have their own style of leadership but will retain some of the values instilled by past captains.
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
April 12 Lawson Inc
* Says it will take over part of convenience store business from Three F Co Ltd
* Says it will pay 11.7 billion yen to Three F Co Ltd
* Change effective June 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/BLtivL
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 13 Glaukos Corp
* Glaukos Corp says international study shows two glaukos istent trabecular micro-bypass stents and one topical medication deliver sustained IOP reduction
* Safety profile was favorable with no intraoperative or device-related adverse events reported Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
YAOUNDE Cameroon's government said on Thursday it had restored the internet to its restive Anglophone region, three months after cutting it amid protests against the predominantly French-speaking government of President Paul Biya.
Cameroonian forces have cracked down on protests in the English-speaking region that erupted last October, beating and arresting protesters, some of whom face the death penalty in military courts.
The unrest has exposed national divisions between the regions of Cameroon that were historically colonised by the French and the British. It has also been a lightening rod for opposition to Biya's 35-year rule.
"It seems that the conditions that preceded the suspension of the internet to that part of the national territory have much changed," Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma said in a statement.
"The head of state therefore instructs the (communications) minister ... to re-establish internet connections in the northwest and southwest regions."
Pulling the plug on the internet was a particular blow for Cameroon's 'Silicon Mountain', as it was called locally, a cluster of tech start-ups in the region that had been flourishing prior to the crackdown.
At least six protesters have been shot dead and hundreds others arrested during the rare challenge to state authority, prompting criticism from human rights groups.
Activists had condemned the internet shutdown as a form of collective punishment.
At the end of World War One, the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors.
After independence in 1960, voters from the smaller English-speaking zone opted to join Cameroon rather than neighbouring Nigeria, but they have often felt marginalised by the Francophone government in Yaounde.
"Finally, it's back. I'm on Facebook right now, so I'm very happy," said a user in the northern city of Bamenda after the internet was restored. "Everyone is getting back in contact to let each other know the lines are OK."
(Additional reporting by Anne Mireille Nzouankeu; Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
- Above is a promo for John Cena vs. Triple H at Friday's WWE The Greatest Royal Rumble event from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
- WWE stock was down 1.84% today, closing at $38.43 per share. Today's high was $39.43 and the low was $38.28.
See Also Renee Young On Them Interactions With Vince McMahon, Wanting To Pursue Acting And Other Ventures
- Renee Young tweeted the following in response to tweets on WWE possibly adding a woman to one of the RAW or SmackDown announce teams:
May 2 Lovisa Holdings Ltd
* Same store sales growth for March quarter was 6.7% with current year to date same store sales growth of 10.9%
* Notes current broker earnings consensus for fy17 of earnings before interest and tax of $35.5m
* Believes FY17 full year EBIT will be materially higher than consensus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW DELHI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious plan to provide health insurance to 100 million poor families would require a funding of 110 billion rupees ($1.71 billion) in federal and state funding each year, a government official told Reuters.
The new health scheme, dubbed “Modicare” and announced in Thursday's federal budget, would provide 100 million families, or about 500 million poor people, with a health cover of 500,000 rupees ($7,850) for free treatment of serious ailments.
The government has estimated the premium for insuring each family would be about 1,100 rupees ($17.15), said the government official with direct knowledge of the matter. ($1 = 64.1575 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Malini Menon)
