EDMONTON — Alberta is suspending portions of its draft plan to protect threatened woodland caribou, saying more research needs to be done and that Ottawa needs to help out.
Environment Minister Shannon Phillips told the house Monday that the province is acting on concerns about the economic impacts of the protection plan.
"The federal Species at Risk Act is an extremely inflexible instrument that has already had negative economic consequences (in Alberta)," said Phillips.
"We are going to do our best to make sure that we protect jobs on this."
They said they have sent that message in a letter to their federal counterpart, Catherine McKenna.
Phillips is urging the federal government to help Alberta come up with a workable solution rather than have Ottawa impose an environmental protection order.
Alberta's draft plan is in response to a federal deadline under the Species at Risk Act passed last October and is designed to help threatened woodland caribou recover in 15 different ranges.
The province released its draft plan on Dec. 19 and then held a series of town hall meetings.
"The public meetings were attended by thousands of Albertans who are concerned about the impact caribou range plans will have on their communities and on the industries that support those communities," stated Phillips' letter, which was co-signed by Energy Minister Marg McCuaig-Boyd.
The province plans to spend more than $85 million in the next five years to restore caribou habitat by eliminating seismic lines, building birthing pens and bringing in other measures.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
A prototype for a redesigned Ford Focus Sedan has been spotted again. It follows recent sightings of the new Focus' hatchback and wagon body styles.
The new Focus will be launched in 2018, as a 2019 model, and this time around Ford will source the popular compact from a plant in China.
The current Focus—bar the Focus RS, which comes from Germany—is sourced from a plant in Wayne, Michigan. Ford plans to reassign the Wayne plant for the higher-margin Ranger and Bronco models once production of the current Focus ends.
Ford originally planned to source the new Focus from a plant to be constructed in Mexico, but given the declining sales for passenger vehicles the automaker's top brass decided to forgo the Mexican plant and instead use spare capacity at a Chinese plant also scheduled to build the new Focus.
2019 Ford Focus spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
From modifications seen on early test mules, we know the new Focus will be slightly longer and wider than the current model. This should lead to more space in the cabin.
It's not clear what Ford plans for the powertrains though it's almost certain all units will be turbocharged. A Focus ST hatch should be offered at launch, once again with a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4. And further out, expect a Focus RS hatch. It's still too early to tell what powertrain this model will have.
Even with declining sales for passenger vehicles, the Focus remains an important nameplate in the United States. For the first six months of 2017, Ford delivered 82,721 examples of both the hatch and sedan. This was down on the 103,144 examples the automaker delivered in the same period a year ago, however.
Key rivals for the Focus include the Chevrolet Cruze, Honda Civic, Mazda 3, Subaru Impreza, Toyota Corolla and Volkswagen Golf/Jetta.
VANCOUVER — Crews battled a stubborn fire Wednesday that was burning under a century-old railway trestle bridge near Hope, B.C.
Jeanne Larsen of the B.C. Wildfire Service said the fire began Sunday and had charred less than a hectare of bush near the Ladner Creek trestle, a metal span that was part of the decommissioned Kettle Valley Railway.
They said the thickly timbered, steep walls of the creek canyon was preventing a three-person crew from easily battling the flames.
The wildfire service lists the fire as suspected to be human caused on its website.
Although the trestle is still standing, a witness who could not be reached for comment said in a Facebook post on Sunday that the crumbling wooden ties on the old bridge deck had burned.
Larsen could not confirm that the ties were destroyed, but they say embers from them continued to spark fires that were difficult to reach in areas around the bridge.
"Just little pieces of falling, burning debris are landing on the ground and igniting little spot fires and that's what they're dealing with," they said.
Cooler weather has eased wildfire conditions across B.C. The wildfire service says progress had been made on several major fires including the Allie Lake fire northwest of Kamloops.
Cache Creek has prohibited all campfires because of the fire risk, although propane or briquette fires are allowed. The entire village was evacuated for 11 days last summer because of wildfires that prompted the province to call a state of emergency.
The fires charred nearly 2,000 square kilometres of timber and destroyed 211 homes or properties before they were declared to be out in early October.
Media experts find Patanajli's advertising push on digital platforms surprising.
New Delhi: With its sales growth stagnating, yoga guru-turned-business person Baba Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved Ltd is banking on Fifa World Cup 2018 to lure Indian youth across urban areas that has so far been a weak market for the Haridwar-based company.
This time, Patanjali is banking on online video streaming platform SonyLIV, the over-the-top services division of Sony Pictures Networks and the official broadcast partner of Fifa World Cup which targets to achieve 45 million viewership from the ongoing football tournament. Of this, majority would be young people across top cities in the country.
“This is part of our digital media spends. Not just SonyLIV, we also have associations with other video streaming sites like Hotstar and Netflix where Patanjali advertisements appear,” said S.K. Tijarawala, spokesperson, Patanjali. The company has also advertised on Hotstar during Twenty20 cricket tournament India Premier League (IPL) earlier this year, they added.
The shift in the advertising strategy of Patanjali, which has been among the top advertisers on television channels in the past 2-3 years, comes soon after the company failed to grow sales during the fiscal year ended 31 March 2018, missing its target to double revenue to ₹20,000 crore from ₹10,561 crore in the year ended 31 March 2017.
According to a Mint report on 18 May, Patanjali managing director Acharya Balkrishna said the company's growth was impacted due to lingering effects of demonetization and implementation of goods and services tax (GST).
Media experts find Patanajli's advertising push on digital platforms surprising. “From a strategy point of view, it is surprising since Patanjali has a huge presence in small markets where television still plays a big role,” said Anand Chakravarthy, managing director, Essence India, a GroupM-owned digital agency.
“While the digital medium has become far more pervasive especially after the Reliance Jio launch, the internet penetration is still male skewed and most of the Patanjali ads are directed towards women,” they said.
If Patanjali's focus on digital platforms is at the cost of television then it is surprising, Chakravarthy said. If the company's growth has slowed down then marketing spends will go down “but they have to be rationalized keeping both television and digital mediums well-balanced,” they added.
Patanjali, however, is not the only advertiser for SonyLIV's Fifa broadcast. It has 16 advertisers on board including Cadbury, online food ordering platform Swiggy, beer-maker Carlsberg India, ride-hailing app Uber, VIP Industries, tech firm Apple and Association of Mutual Funds of India (AMFI), among others.
Both SonyLIV and Patanjali declined to share details on cost of advertisements during online streaming of Fifa World Cup.
“A good sports property like Fifa World Cup reaches out to a large variety of audience across age groups, therefore, any brand looking for a deep consumer connect will leverage such a property,” said Uday Sodhi, executive vice president and head, digital business, Sony Pictures Networks India.
Moreover, Fifa matches are being held at prime-time which further increases the reach and repeat viewership. “Hence the brands benefit from being on such a buzzy property,” they said.
BOSTON (AP) — Reigning New York City Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan will run in Boston next year in a fourth attempt to win their hometown race.
The four-time Olympian and reigning Chicago Marathon champion will be joined on the men's side by Galen Rupp in a field of elite Americans announced Monday by race sponsor John Hancock. Olympians Desiree Linden, Dathan Ritzenhein, Abdi Abdirahman, Deena Kastor and Molly Huddle also are signed up for the 122nd edition of the world's oldest annual marathon, which is being held April 16.
Last month, Flanagan became the first American woman to win New York since 1977. No U.S. woman has won Boston since 1985. But last year the Americans had their best finishes since then, grabbing two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's Got Talent viewers have exposed a expose magician's amazing trick after spotting damning evidence.
Eagle-eyed viewers believe they've worked out how Marc Spelmann astounded the audience and the judges.
The London magician, 46, repeated elements of their audition by using a video of their young daughter.
Marc, who was Ant and Dec's golden buzzer act, made the judges pick pages from books that corresponded to inspirational quotes.
Alesha Dixon read out Gandhi's name - and was then stunned when Marc's daughter said Gandhi in a pre-recorded video when asked who he'd been painting.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Marc then turned round their painting and revealed Gandhi's image - then later transformed it to show John Lennon after Amanda Holden said theirs name.
The audience and judges were stunned by their amazing powers of prediciton.
Simon said: "I have to find a different word for this other than this for magic, because magic feels too small."
(Image: ITV)
Amanda added: "That was extraordinary. I do find myself watching the videos of your gorgeous girls than paying attention to your act.
"For me I thought it was very good but it didn't have the same emotional pull as your first act."
But viewers accused them of 'dubbing' the video and claimed they had actually said the word 'daddy'.
(Image: ITV)
Britain's Got Talent viewers took to Twitter with their theories.
One viewer said: "I'm sorry but they don't even know who gandhi is... I lips clearly say DADDY, and then they got them say gandhi to match their lip movement and edited it"
"Did that little girls mouth even move to Gandhi? Looked dodgy as hell that," added another.
A third said: "That little girl defo didn't say Gandhi on that video!"
*Britain's Got Talent airs all week on ITV at 7.30pm with results at 9.30pm
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
The Scottish Government's new agricultural weather advisory panel has met for the first time.
Rural economy secretary Fergus Ewing said: ‘Having announced the formation of the new panel at AgriScot, I am delighted to confirm the panel met for the first time last week.
‘Drawing on expertise from across our agricultural sector, the panel, when triggered, will act as a taskforce for rapidly sharing information, best practice and encouraging co-operation across the industry to help farmers and crofters respond effectively to challenging weather conditions, both in the short term and in building longer term resilience.
‘With some parts of Scotland experiencing the wettest weather for 80 years, I am pleased that a range of stakeholders has agreed to participate in the panel. This panel has an important role to play in providing advice to the agricultural sector and I look forward to working with its members in the months ahead.'
“The UAE's growth remained somewhat resilient to lower oil prices because of its relatively more diversified economy and small population. But the non-oil growth faced challenges as external demand, mostly from the GCC were impacted because of various austerity measures and a strong dollar hurting sectors such as travel, tourism and hospitality sectors,” said Monica Malik, chief economist of Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank.
Snoop Dogg first released the track "Gin & Juice" with their 1994 debut album Doggystyle.
Almost a quarter century later, we can call Snoop a Guinness World Record, all thanks a to little bit of gin and juice. While on stage at the BottleRock Napa Valley music festival in California, Snoop brought out a five-foot tall beverage composed of 180 bottles of Hendricks gin and 38 jugs of orange juice. Totalling 132 gallons, Snoop Dogg, along with rapper Warren G and Top Chef winner Michael Voltaggio concoted the beverage on stage in front of a representative from Guinness who confirmed its status, and presented Snoop with an official plaque commemorating the occasion.
The plauqe reads, "The largest paradise cocktail was created by Snoop Dogg, Warren G, Michael Voltaggio, Kim Kaechele and Kendall Coleman (All USA) in Napa, California, USA on 26 May 2018."
Congrats, Snoop!
Via People
(Photo By Sthanlee B. Mirador)
Oh no! Ellen's new house in Carpinteria is right in the line of fire.
While it's not for sure if Ellen themselves has evacuated, they along with their neighbors have been getting their animals out.
Our house is under threat of being burned. We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters. The live stream is on https://t.co/FTcKVvHO16 — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) December 10, 2017
Of course, Ellen is beyond proud of their neighborhood.
Everyone in the Montecito area is checking up on each other and helping to get people and animals to safety. I'm proud to be a part of this community. I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all. #ThomasFire — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) December 10, 2017
As for the latest updates on Ellen's house, well, it doesn't look good. They posted a pic from their neighbor's yard which is covered in ash.
So, so scary! Stay safe Ellen!
When the Fitbit Ionic first launched last September, the app selection was a bit barren. Big names like Starbucks, Pandora, and Strava were there, but there wasn't much of anything else. However, following a lot of developer support and the release of the excellent Versa, that's started to change.
If you own a Fitbit Versa or Ionic, these are the apps that deserve a place on your wrist.
Water Logged
It's beyond me why neither the Versa nor Ionic have a built-in way of tracking your water intake throughout the day, but until then, developer Tyler Leonhardt has the best solution with Water Logged.
Water Logged works similarly to other water-tracking apps you can get on Fitbit OS, but it's proven to be the most reliable to-date. Upon opening the app, you've got quick shortcuts for adding 8, 16, and 32 fl oz to your intake (these amounts can be customized in the Fitbit app) as well as a + icon where you can manually add fl oz one at a time.
All of this data is synced to your Fitbit account, and unlike other apps I've tried, Water Logged continues to work day after day without running into sync issues or other bugs.
Plus, the pun with the name and app icon of a log floating in water kills me every single time.
Barcodes
One app that's available on the Versa and Ionic right out of the box is Starbucks. It works perfectly fine by allowing you to have your Starbucks card live on your wrist, but that's about all it does. Barcodes is a similar app, but it takes things a step further.
In addition to being able to store your Starbucks card on Barcodes, you can also add your gym membership, student ID, rewards card for the grocery store, and more. Up to five cards can be added, and you can assign each its own name and color to help distinguish what's what.
Fitbit Coach
This pick might seem like a copout considering it's installed on the Versa and Ionic out of the box, but I've absolutely loved using Fitbit Coach ever since I decided to give it a shot.
Fitbit Coach allows you to follow workout routines directly on your watch, and the three included with the Ionic are 7-Minute Workout, 10-Minute Abs, and Treasure Chest (a 15-minute chest-focused workout). You'll have to pay an annual subscription of $39.99 to access additional workouts, and in my opinion, it's more than worth it.
Philip Hue Lights
Although I control my Hue lights mainly my talking to the Google Assistant on my Pixel 2 or Google Home, there are times when I need to turn the lights on and off without waking up my fiance. Setting up the Hue app on the Versa and Ionic is simple as downloading it and pressing the button on your bridge, and once this is all done, it works rather nicely.
The app does take a second to load upon opening it, but it's still convenient for quickly turning lights on and off when your phone isn't nearby or you'd rather not use your voice. You can activate scenes, turn all of your lights on/off at once, and control individual bulbs.
Switchr
If you're a fan of IFTTT, Switchr is for you. Switchr ties into IFTTT Web Hooks and allows you to perform a variety of actions with just a simple button tap. IFTTT is compatible with a wide variety of services and connected gadgets, including the likes of iRobot, Jibo, LG appliances, Nest Cam, and more.
I personally use Switchr to connect to my Wemo devices, and this enables me to turn on the coffee pot first thing in the morning with just a couple taps on my watch.
Your choices
Did I miss any apps that you've been loving on your Versa or Ionic? Let me know what your favorites are down in the comments below!
Fitbit Versa vs. Fitbit Ionic: Which should you buy?
More than 250,000 breath tests were faked over five years in Victoria.
More than 250,000 breath tests were faked over five years in Victoria.
A SHOCKING internal report has revealed Victorian police officers faked more than 250,000 random preliminary roadside breath tests (PBTs) over five years.
The report claims more than 1.5 per cent of 17.7 million tests were falsified by officers, many of whom are believed to have blown into the straw breathalysers themselves to meet quotas or to avoid breath testing motorists.
Victoria Police issued a statement shortly before 8.30pm on Wednesday declaring they had "let the community down".
The statement includes an admission that the practice involves "an officer either (placing) a finger over the straw entry hole or (blowing) into the straw themselves".
"It is believed the self-testing activity has been largely undertaken by general duties and highway patrol members, with some rural areas over-represented," the statement said.
"It is not a practice found to be performed at supervised drug and alcohol bus testing sites."
The activity was first reported to Victoria Police late last year. Once aware of the claims, an intelligence assessment was undertaken that involved "a very complex and protracted" analysis of five years of data, 1500 PBT devices and more than 17.7 million tests.
"Disappointingly (the tests) found 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified," Professional Standards Command Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said.
"This conduct will not be tolerated, any member found engaging in this practice from today has been put on notice they will be investigated.
Victoria Police admitted a breach of trust on Wednesday night.
"I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
Victoria Police is in the process of appointing an external investigator to determine "the root causes of the behaviour", "underlying cultural and behavioural issues" and "supervision and management practices that resulted in the behaviour continuing to go unchecked".
"The question we all asked was 'why?' There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity," AC Barrett said.
"Whatever reason our workforce may come up with, it isn't acceptable.
"As disappointing as this is, it should be noted that, at this stage in the investigation, there is no evidence to suggest fraud or any criminality has occurred. Similarly, there is nothing to suggest that any of this activity has impacted on any prosecutions."
Police are hoping to lean on technical advice about how to future-proof testing devices.
"In moving forward we are looking into a number of options for improving and increasing our internal controls and accountability in regard to our testing regime," AC Barrett said.
"We are considering the feasibility of regular audits, the ability for the PBT to include the detail of the operator and quality assurance measures."
Victoria Police is in discussions with IBAC about the matter.
rohan.smith1@news.com.au | @ro_smith
On World Teachers Day UN Bats for Freedom to Teach
New York (ABC Live); World Teachers Day :Underscoring the critical important role teachers play in ensuring the future for every society, the United Nations today called for empowering educators with the freedom and support they need to undertake their vital mission.
“Being an empowered teacher means having access to high-quality training, fair wages, and continuous opportunities for professional development,” the heads of key UN agencies and programmes said today in a joint message on World Teachers' Day.
Empowerment also means teachers having the freedom to support the development of national curricula, the professional autonomy to choose to teach methods and approaches and being able to teach in safety and security during times of political change, instability and conflict, they added.
The joint message was issued by Irina Bokova, the Director-General of the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO); Guy Ryder, the Director-General of International Labour Organization (ILO); Anthony Lake, the Executive-Director of UN Children's Fund (UNICEF); Achim Steiner, the Administrator of the UN Development Programme (UNDP); and Fred van Leeuwen, the General-Secretary of Education International (a global federation representing organizations of teachers and other education employees).
It emphasized that academic freedom – while important for teachers at all levels of education – is especially critical for higher-education to support the educators' ability to innovate, explore, and stay up-to-date on the latest pedagogical research.
“This World Teachers' Day, join us in empowering teachers to teach in freedom so that, in turn, every child and every adult is free to learn – to the benefit of a better world,” they urged.
The importance of building a skilled, valued and empowered education workforce has also been underscored in the 2030 Agenda's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Target 4C of Goal 4, in particular, calls for “substantially increasing” the supply of qualified teachers by 2030, and in that context, underlines importance of international cooperation for teacher training in developing countries, especially the least developed countries and small island developing States.
Marked annually on 5 October since 1994, World Teachers' Day commemorates the anniversary of the signing of the 1966 UNESCO/ILO Recommendation concerning the Status of Teachers – the primary reference framework that addresses teachers' rights and responsibilities at the global scale.
The theme for this year's commemoration is Teaching in Freedom, Empowering Teachers.
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the 1997 UNESCO Recommendation concerning the Status of Higher-Education Teaching Personnel, which complements the 1966 UNESCO/ILO Recommendation concerning the Status of Teachers, stressing the importance of teacher autonomy and academic freedom in building a world in which education and learning are truly universal.
POLICE are investigating an astounding case of road rage during which a man threatened a cyclist with an axe in Adelaide's east.
Shocking video, obtained by 7 News, has emerged of the incident, which occurred at the intersection of Glynburn and Magill roads, Kensington Park just before noon on Tuesday.
The video shows an elderly man get out of a car at the intersection and use a tomahawk to hit the male cyclist's bicycle before walking towards rider, who back away with their hands up.
A witness called Danny told 7 News that before that confrontation they saw the cyclist shouting abuse at the driver, banging on a passenger window and smashing a side mirror.
A man appearing to wield an axe at a cyclist has been caught on video in an apparent road rage incident. Picture: Supplied/7News
"I could see a cyclist punching a car window non-stop and then 100m down the road he's still punching the window of this old guy's car and then they busted the guy's mirror," they said.
"The car driver jumped out with an axe and that put an end to the fight I think and then they went to town on their bike."
Danny said the altercation ended when the lights turned green and the driver and the cyclist went their separate ways.
SA Police say Eastern Adelaide police are investigating the incident.
Former chief minister Sindh, Syed Qaim Ali Shah inaugurated the 197th Urs of famous saint Hazrat Sachal Sarmast at the Daraza Sharif near Khairpur on Wednesday.
They laid a floral wreath on the grave of Sachal Sarmast and distributed sweets among the devotees.
Addressing the occasion, Shah said the Sufis promoted religious harmony in their teachings and their message was not confined to any particular society but was beyond the geographical boundaries.
They said Shaheed Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and Shaheed Benazir Bhutto belonged to the land of Sufis and their message was also of love and peace.
They said Sufi institutes should be established all across the country. —APP
Related
Raw Power XL It started with the advent of prescription drugs that confirmed that Raw Power XL guys no longer had to stay with their penile dysfunctions and Raw Power XL there were alternatives. However pharmaceuticals are not right for each person. Male enhancement capsules offer resolutions Raw Power XL that may be followed extra. http://www.strongtesterone.com/raw-power-xl/
Clemson beat Ohio State 31-0, eliminating the Buckeyes from the College Football Playoff. The embarrassing result offered some proof that the playoff committee selected the wrong team from the Big Ten. That argument is…dumb.
The committee could only go on the information available at the time, which did not include the final result of an Ohio State/Clemson game played a month later.
Statistical performance supported Ohio State having a better résumé. Advanced metrics, FEI (No. 2 vs. No. 6) and S&P+ (No. 3 vs. No. 12), both ranked the Buckeyes significantly higher. SRS rankings (No. 2 vs. No. 5) ranked Ohio State higher.
Consensus wisdom supported Ohio State being better. The Buckeyes finished No. 2 in the Coaches Poll. Only six of 58 votes had them outside the Top 4. Only 10 of 58 coaches (nine who weren't James Franklin) had Penn State in the playoff. Only one of 61 AP voters had Ohio State outside the Top 4. Only 9/61 had Penn State in the Top 4.
Both arguments for the committee to overturn that in Penn State's favor – conference championship, head to head – were the same argument, stemming from one Special Teams play. The committee went with the win-loss record, the numbers, and the consensus wisdom.
No one saw the Clemson beat down coming. Clemson had six narrow one-score wins. Oddsmakers made Ohio State a three-point favorite entering the neutral site game.
Suggesting Ohio State's loss is an argument for Penn State is not only ex post facto reasoning. It's ex post facto reasoning with incomplete data. The Nittany Lions still have to play their bowl game, where they are a +7.5 underdog.
Both contentious committee decisions thus far have involved Ohio State. The committee's choice in 2014 was far iffier. An emphatic B1G title game win allowed the committee to just take Ohio State, avoiding having to decide the impossible between Baylor and TCU. But, that decision ended up looking much better as Ohio State upset Alabama and went on to win the playoff.
Look forward to next year when the argument against the B1G champ is the previous two B1G champs were blown out.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Big Ben is about to fall silent for the longest period in its 157-year history as part of a vast four-year repair project.
The bell's famous bongs will stop at noon next Monday 21 August - and apart from New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday, they will not ring out through Westminster again until 2021.
The 315ft, Grade I listed Elizabeth Tower that holds the bell and clock face is undergoing what House of Commons officials claimed would be a £29million restoration.
But there are now fears the cost of the revamp on the crumbling Parliamentary estate has soared.
Reports earlier this year claimed the cost to taxpayers had doubled to £60million.
Now Commons officials have admitted they will make an "announcement" later this year revealing the final cost of the work - and are refusing to give a figure until then.
(Image: Dan Kitwood)
The only contract that has been signed for the work is one for putting up the scaffolding, with construction firm Sir Robert McAlpine.
Firms are still bidding for the final contract to carry out the actual work.
A House of Commons spokesperson said: "Due to strict confidentiality rules we are unable to comment on the process (including the project budget and timeline) further at this time."
The tower's 13.7-tonne Great Bell - it, not the tower, is nicknamed Big Ben - has marked the hour on the note of E with "almost unbroken service" since 31 May 1859.
The bell was the largest ever cast in east London's Whitechapel Bell Foundry, which also cast the Liberty Bell and still runs today after nearly 500 years.
Ben Ben last fell silent for maintenance in 2007 and a major revamp between 1983 and 1985.
It also fell silent during the two world wars - but a Commons spokesperson confirmed it is expected to be the longest period without hourly chimes since they began in 1859.
(Image: Daily Herald)
The bell's silence will be to "ensure the safety" of workers repairing the tower.
Its chiming relies on gravity so the hammers that hit the bell will have to be locked, and the bell disconnected from the rest of the mechanism.
The tower's famous clock faces will be mostly obscured by scaffolding as soon as October this year.
Parliamentary officials have assured the public one of its four faces will always be visible - but the other three will be covered.
The mechanism of the clock itself will also stop for "several months" as part of the project. Until now, Parliamentary officials had only confirmed this period would see chimes stop - but now they will stop for four years.
The project is not part of a wider revamp of the Palace of Westminster which could cost £4billion or more and is due to start in the 2020s.
Share this article:
0 votes
WWE United States Champion Kevin Owens recently spoke with NOLA.com to promote tonight's WWE SmackDown from the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans. The full interview is at this link and below are highlights:
WrestleMania 34 in NOLA next year:
“It's weird because everything happened so fast. Even though I've already lived so many great things, I feel like it's only the tip of the iceberg. I'd love to be involved in the WWE title match at WrestleMania 34 or at the very least be defending my United States championship. I have no intention of letting that go anytime soon.”
Coming up with inventive ways to use ladders and other objects in their matches:
“I kind of live in the moment with that stuff. It rarely works out in my favor to be honest. A lot of times those contraptions come back to haunt me. But if I see an opportunity to do something unique and inflict pain on someone else, I'm always up for that, so who knows what I'll pull off.”
Their WrestleMania dream match:
“If you say past, it's Shawn Michaels hands down. If you say present, Sami Zayn and I have had such a rich history, I feel like a one-on-one match at WrestleMania would be so perfect. But there's also Finn Balor. He's my best friend. He's probably the one guy if I could sit across from in the ring at WrestleMania, that would make my career. Finn and I got to WWE at the same time, and we dived into an unknown territory. We gravitated toward each other very quickly. He's like a brother to me now.”
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
“However, unfortunately society focuses more on success and pleasure,” they said.
According to Strom, many people live very unhappy lives. In the US, statistics show that around 25 to 30 per cent of the population take medications for depression, sleep dysfunction, and anxiety.
LONDON, Ont.—A fire chief in southwestern Ontario has retired amid allegations that their department was plagued by a culture of harassment and retaliation.
The City of London says in a press release that Chief John Kobarda is retiring “effective immediately” after 27 years as a firefighter in the city, 14 of which they spent in the top job.
London Abused Women's Centre executive director Megan Walker says they have received more than 30 complaints in less than a week from London firefighters alleging that they are shouted at or discriminated against by superiors, and punished for standing up for their colleagues.
Walker says the allegations do not name Kobarda specifically, but that they bear responsibility as the leader of the department.
They say Kobarda's retirement is a step in the right direction but that full culture change will not happen until all officials who contributed to the alleged harassment are held accountable.
Moe Wagner's review of last season's Michigan-Texas game: “It was nasty, ugly and disgusting to watch.” (Photo: Robin Buckson / Detroit News)
Ann Arbor — Moritz Wagner did not hold back while describing Michigan's game against Texas last season.
“It was nasty, ugly and disgusting to watch,” Wagner said Monday.
And they were talking about a win.
The Wolverines defeated Texas 53-50 last season and now head to Austin to face the Longhorns Tuesday night. They are coming off a 78-69 overtime win over UCLA last Saturday at Crisler Center. Michigan is 8-3 overall and are 0-2 in true road games.
“I'm just very curious to see how we play on the road and just respond to a win, because in the past we haven't responded well from a good win, a quality win,” Wagner said. “That's the mission right now.”
After beating Indiana in the Big Ten opener, the Wolverines gave up a huge lead in a loss on the road to Ohio State. Wagner wants to see if the team can follow the gut-check comeback victory against UCLA with another on the road when Michigan faces Texas.
Michigan coach John Beilein ssaid Monday their team is still trying to identify its identity. That takes time for any team, but Beilein wants theirs to play smarter, because that's where road wins start.
“While we're very inexperienced, (we're) not necessarily young because we have a few sophomores playing and three juniors and seniors, and we've got to play above that with our IQ,” Beilein said. “We have to take everything we've learned in practice, or watching prior teams play, and somehow apply that on the court.
“That has been a big issue thus far is getting our guys to just say, ‘OK, this is why Michigan teams win and this is how we have to do it.' They're getting there. I don't have any issue with people playing hard out there. That's been an issue before. I don't think there's any issue with guys not being tough enough physically and diving on the floor and getting 50-50 balls.”
The issue, they said, is getting the players to push through difficult stretches in games, especially on the road.
“The issue would be, right now, ‘Can you play through adversity? Can you be mentally tough when you're tired?' ” Beilein said. “Those are the two things. People are going to get soft-minded when they're tired or when things aren't going their way. We've got to be tougher and smarter in both those situations.”
Beilein has been all about making their players accountable this season in light of errors they continue to make. They thought they were too “handsy” in the loss at Ohio State and they saw that at times against UCLA.
They said three players had the same issue in the most recent game. They have added sprints at the start of practice to remind them of consequences.
“And so while I didn't think it was right to pull them out, I said, ‘They're going to pay. They're going to pay, but it's going to be tomorrow,' ” Beilein said. “Somehow we've got to get them to understand that these things cost games, cost teammates games.
“We're going to have to rely on them being better the next time they're at it and they're not going to make the same recurring mistakes,” Beilein said. “All four, five of those guys we started yesterday with them running the gauntlet for the same mistakes. If they make the same mistakes that they did in Ohio State, then they're running. We will do it all year long. They're tired, we didn't care. We didn't practice that long but those three minutes that they were running, they understood in some way we have to stop just teaching and holding them more accountable for them to understand. I think it'll go a long way.”
The players understand why Beilein is sending this message of accountability.
“We've been talking about that since October, there are certain things you've got to improve at some point,” Wagner said. “Whether that's running, whether that's watching film — believe me, that's enough punishment — I enjoy watching film (but) you don't want to see mistakes. That's human nature.
“Believe me, the guys really care. They don't do mistakes on purpose, but at some point you've got to step up and coach B is holding us accountable to that.”
angelique.chengelis@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/chengelis
Michigan at Texas
Tip-off: Tuesday, 9:05 p.m., Frank Erwin Center, Austin, Texas.
Records: Michigan is 8-3; Texas is 6-2
Series: Michigan leads, 4-2
TV/radio: ESPN2/WWJ 950
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Cieros are all about food and family.
Norma Ciero's daughter, Donna Nelson, won the Local Flavor contest in August for their Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe. That dish originated with Ciero's mom, but Zucchini Stir-fry comes from the other side of the family: their husband, Frank's, mom.
The matriarch created this fast, simple dish to make good use of the zucchini that grew plentifully in the family gardens. Also in the mix are hot dogs, green peppers, onion, garlic, eggs and potatoes.
“This quickly became a favorite dish for our family,” said Ciero, who has been married for 52 years and has three children and four grandchildren. “She would often make it for family dinners at their house. We kept up with making it.”
The recipe, which earned Ciero a $100 grocery gift card, is a go-to dish to make each year at the family lake house at Lake Sheridan. Plus, it's easy.
“You just throw everything in the pan and let it cook up,” said Ciero, who moves to their Scranton home from the lake during colder months.
While Zucchini Stir-fry is straightforward, Ciero offered a few tips to enhance its flavor. By allowing the eggs to cook for two to three minutes, they explained, bigger pieces of egg end up in the mixture — which guests tend to cite as their favorite part. Variations include substituting ham, sausage or pepperoni for the hot dogs, or replacing the zucchini with other garden vegetables, such as hot peppers or yellow squash.
“You can be as creative as you want,” Ciero said.
The dish made for an ideal comfort meal on a recent chilly, rainy day. The hot dogs gave the food heartiness, while the zucchini was soft enough for a stir-fry but had just the right amount of bite so that it wasn't mushy. The fried eggs complemented each flavor differently.
Ciero has some more treasured recipes up their sleeve, such as a special meatloaf, homemade pasta and soups. Them husband is a great cook, too, they said.
Next up for the brood is Thanksgiving, which the Cieros host at the family lake house, aptly named “Y Worry.”
“It's like a hotel,” they said. “You never know who will show up. We love to have the family here.”
Contact the writer:
gmazur@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9127;
@gmazurTT on Twitter
Zucchini Stir-fry
1 large onion, sliced
2 large green peppers, cut into 2-inch pieces
1 small zucchini, unpeeled and cut into 1/2-inch slices
2 cloves minced garlic (fresh or jarred)
1 (14.5-ounce) can dice potatoes, drained
6 hot dogs, cut into pieces
6 eggs, beaten
Olive oil, to cover bottom of pan
Salt and pepper to taste
Heat olive oil to 350 F in fry pan. When oil is hot, add onions and peppers. Saute until partially cooked. Add zucchini and garlic. Saute until vegetables are tender and browned. Add diced potatoes and hot dogs, then, salt and pepper to taste. Continue to cook until heated through.
Add the beaten eggs and stir slightly. Let eggs cook two to three minutes, then stir again.
South Korea logged a trade surplus for 60 months in a row in January, but the amount more than halved from the previous month, customs data showed Wednesday.
The country's trade surplus came to $2.81 billion last month, down sharply from a surplus of $6.76 billion tallied a month earlier, according to the data from the Korea Customs Service.
(Yonhap)
The steep decline came as a rise in imports outpaced that of exports last month on rising oil prices.Exports rose 11.2 percent on-year to $40.3 billion in January, extending its winning streak to three months in a row, while imports soared 19.7 percent to $37.5 billion last month.Increasing overseas demand for Korean-made semiconductors and displays led the brisk exports, while imports of energy and facility equipment gained ground to a large extent.In particular, imports of crude oil shot up 59.1 percent in January from a year earlier as oil prices soared to $53.60 per barrel from $33.70 per barrel over the one-year period. (Yonhap)
Gamecock center named to preseason award watch list
NEW YORK CITY — Gamecock junior center Donell Stanley has been named to the Rimington Award Spring Watch List, as announced Wednesday by the Rimington Trophy Committee. The award is presented annually to the top center in college football.
Stanley enters the 2018 season expected to anchor the center position for the Gamecocks after starting at guard in 2017. The Floydale, S.C., native earned nine starts at left guard last season and three at right guard.
For their career, Stanley has appeared in 25 games over the course of four years with the Gamecock program, including 13 starting assignments.
The Rimington Award Spring Watch List honors 57 NCAA Division I FBS centers. Stanley is one of six honorees from the Southeastern Conference.
USC Athletics contributed to the writing of this article.
Jurgen Klopp will recall all their big names for the Champions League semi-final first leg at home to Roma.
The Liverpool boss made five changes against West Brom at the weekend but the likes of Dejan Lovren, Andrew Robertson, Roberto Firmino and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are all set to come in.
Trent Alexander-Arnold - rested at The Hawthorns - is also expected to start against the Italians.
Nathaniel Clyne is back in training after a muscle injury but is likely to be on the bench.
Roma also rested some key players for their Serie A clash with SPAL with Aleksandar Kolarov, Alessandro Florenzi, Daniele de Rossi and Edin Dzeko sitting out.
They are all set to return for the first leg at Anfield.
Liverpool: Karius; Alexander-Arnold, Van Dijk, Lovren, Robertson; Milner, Henderson, Oxlade-Chamberlain; Salah, Firmino, Mane
Roma: Alisson; Fazio, Manolas, Jesus; Florenzi, De Rossi, Strootman, Kolarov; Under, Nainggolan, Dzeko.
Follow all the action from Anfield above.
Thousands of households are set to lose their free garden waste collections in coming days as a North Yorkshire council brings in new charges for a subscription-only service.
Harrogate Borough Council is the latest to introduce an opt-in service – for a charge at £2 a time – as it scraps its free fortnightly collection service.
At present, the authority argues, only about 60 per cent of the district's residents have access to free kerbside collections, while the new paid-for ‘subscription' will be open to all. But as it emerges expected take-up is about 40 per cent, concerns have been raised about the impact.
“I use it around four or five times a year, and I just can't justify paying for it,” said pensioner Michael Ellison, who was preparing to lose their collection as it was not worth the cost. “I've not met anybody who thinks it's a good idea.”
Today is the last free collection day for their street, Mr Ellison said, with many of their New Park neighbours having taken the chance to cut their grass and prune hedges.
“I'm worried it's going to lead to an increase in fly-tipping. Everything is squeezing householders and individuals. But my pension is not going up any more to pay for this.”
Letters were sent to residents in May warning them of the change in service. From June 26, garden waste will no longer be collected kerbside by the council free of charge. Instead, residents can ‘subscribe' to an optional charge scheme where, at a cost of £39 a year or £23.40 until the end of December, fortnightly collections will continue.
Should they choose not to pay, residents are instead encouraged to begin home composting or take their waste to a recycling centre.
“Whilst our current garden waste collection service is greatly valued by our customers, 40 per cent are currently unable to receive it, but pay for it for the remaining 60 per cent through their council tax,” said Coun Zoe Metcalfe, the cabinet member for the environment.
“To ensure that in the long term the service we offer is fair, we want to give all households across the district the opportunity to access this service.”
A consultation had indicated the public valued this service and would be prepared to pay for it, they added. And with over 18,000 households signing up already, they claimed there have been very few criticisms about the change.
“Whilst we would like to expand this discretionary service for free this is simply not possible,” they added.
In recent years, an increasing number of councils have decided to charge for collections. Research carried out by a gardening company, Mantis, last year found that nationally, 42 per cent of local authorities had introduced charges, a number more than doubling in the past five years.
In Yorkshire, that figure was 38 per cent, with the average fee being £32.63.
Akwatia (E/R), April 24 GNA – The Akwatia Consistency branch of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) has accused the New Patriotic Party (NPP) of taking credit for projects mostly initiated by the previous NDC government.
Addressing a news conference at Akwatia to “set the records straight, Alhaji, Baba Jamal, former Member of Parliament for Akwatia and a Deputy Minister said the NDC had contributed to the development of Akwatia as a town and Denkymebour as a district than any political party.
“Denkyembour district as a whole and Akwatia in particular has never seen huge investments and development projects since the beginning of the Fourth Republic like it witnessed in the four years of my tenure as an MP for Akwatia” they declared.
They said that the Denkyembour District was initiated by them and created with the support of the NDC government.
Alhaji Jamal said they personally initiated most of the Akwatia development projects mentioning some of them as the Denkyenbour water project, the bridge over river Birim to link Akwatia and Kusi and the Akwatia township road rehabilitation.
He, however, acknowledged that a 10-kilometre additional road construction has been awarded for Akwatia and work was yet to start.
The former MP said it had come to their notice that some NPP functionaries in the district were wrongly stating that they initiated the current electrification project involving 15 communities in the district and explained that the project was passed by parliament and awarded during their tenure as MP and said “if you have nothing to show please don't try to change history”
They denied benefitting directly or indirectly from the diversification of the erstwhile Ghana Consolidated Diamonds (GCD) which went to the Great Consolidated Diamonds Ghana Ltd (GCDGL).
They explained that apart from promoting the GCD for divestiture, they were not involved in the negotiations on its sale, pricing, payments and take-over and was also never part of management of the company that took over.
GNA
Valentine's Day Books for all Preferences
Happy Valentine's Day! Prepare for a day of mushy-gushy, lovey-dovey cuteness from all sides. Including this one, because here are five books to satisfy that craving for sweet romance that V-day always seems to bring. But instead of white, cisgendered, straight people almost kissing, there's a little variety. Different cultures, sexual preferences, all love.
Yuriko Terasaka
AuthorHouse
Softcover $14.95 (108pp)
978-1-5246-5637-9
This philosophical and winding work explores the nature of love in a time of technology.
Yuriko Terasaka's The Arab King of My Heart and Soul blurs genre and narrative conventions to tell an Aristotelian love story for the social media age.
In rambling pastiche, an unnamed female narrator probes the nature of love through technology—a place where two hearts may beat as one, but bodies aren't at the heart of the matter. As they embrace the old idea that people are merely ghosts in the shell, they discover a new paradise of Internet connection with Mashalany.
The Japanese narrator is thrown for a loop when they meet Mashalany, an Arab business person, on a social media platform. They're separated by cultures and continents, but she's engulfed by a persistent sense of connection. They investigate their relationship through cross-cultural analysis, theories of love, interpersonal relationship models, and first-person narratives of their long-distance exchange.
As their relationship unfolds, the narrator draws greater distinctions between love and the body. Despite, or perhaps because of, all that separates them, the narrator decides physical, romantic love is a degradation of the true, spiritual love available to themselves and Mashalany through technology.
The book posits that Aristotle's true love is found in technology's pure communion. The curated self is the best self; through technology, disembodied spirits are finally available for love's highest form of connection.
This volume is more of a treatise on the nature of love than it is a narrative. The relationship between the narrator and Mashalany is used as a proof text for the author's extended, nonlinear exploration. Using a structure more familiar in Japanese literature, the book switches tones and styles within and across chapters in order to approach its theme from different viewpoints.
First-, second-, and third-person voices are all used as the author switches between cross-cultural analysis, argument, exposition, and narrative. In this circular prose, interpretative work is required. A plot or thesis is not given; they must be discovered.
Because the nature of love is the text's core theme, its content often becomes abstract as it grapples with the metaphysical, addressing concepts such as embodiment, emotion, and souls. This bent toward the philosophical veils the direct interactions between the narrator and Mashalany in mystical, even esoteric, language.
In these moments, the narrator's heavy reliance on summary often devolves into aphorisms and koans. These linguistic paradoxes, if meditated on, can force sudden intuitive enlightenment, but they leave gaps in the storytelling.
The book is strongest in its cross-cultural analysis, where description anchors the prose. Terasaka's contrastive analysis of the narrator and Mashalany yields surprising insight into what draws them together.
Serendipitous connections—like the parallels between bushido traditions and Islamic culture, or Japanese folklore about the peach boy and the fact that Mashalany's nickname means “peach”—give a sense that these unusual lovers may actually be as fated as the narrator believes them to be.
The Arab King of My Heart and Soul is a philosophical work of apologetics for social media and the kinds of relationships available through technology.
LETITIA MONTGOMERY-RODGERS (February 3, 2017)
Jey Tehya
Wyatt-MacKenzie Publishing
Softcover $14.99 (326pp)
978-1-942545-47-7
This is a daring and earnest depiction of identity that crosses societal and cultural boundaries.
Jey Tehya's The Wrong Kind of Indian is a raw rendering of a woman's struggle to claim their identity in the midst of chaotic and ubiquitous negative voices.
Coming out of a highly dysfunctional childhood, Jennifer enters their thirties with plenty of baggage still dragging behind them A hypercritical mother and a father with a propensity to disappear for days at a time contribute to Jennifer's ceaseless battles with relationships and with the demon of weight obsession.
As an unsure half-white, half-Cherokee woman, Jennifer must figure out how they fit into the world around them Barhopping and clubbing eventually lead to an encounter with Chirag, a handsome Jain Indian whose mystique captivates Jennifer. Their relationship is rocky. Chirag stubbornly refuses to tell their parents in India about her, as Jennifer is “the wrong kind of Indian.” And though Jennifer tries to escape their fixation on Chirag by entering into a serious relationship—and even traveling to Costa Rica—with the kindhearted Fernando, their life's journey will ultimately lead them to India.
Jennifer's character is revealed through alternating sections that concentrate on their present, and give space to their past in subchapters. Each subchapter episode is short but poignant, illuminating little by little the full depth and breadth of who they are. Jennifer is their own narrator, so the thoughts and feelings of others are conveyed secondhand or are absent entirely. Them tone and language are at turns honest and self-deprecating, especially when it comes to their body issues. Them bout with an eating disorder is rendered in unsettling, gut-wrenching detail, but their quest to overcome it is a redemptive relief.
Though limited by Jennifer's perspective, the rest of the cast are still strong and complex supporting characters. Chirag's conflicting feelings for Jennifer and their desire to please their family are subtle but detectable. The gradual withdrawal of an old friend from Jennifer's life is heartbreaking, though it may be in Jennifer's best interests in the long run. And Jennifer's alcoholic mother has their own corrupt relationship with body image.
The prose is polished without being florid, and especially in Costa Rica and India, teases the senses with beautiful, exotic details. Descriptions can also swing into the profane, as Jennifer wrestles with sexual and psychological issues, including a childhood episode with a dog that strikes disagreeably. However, all their darkness eventually gives way to the light of a fresh future.
The Wrong Kind of Indian is a daring and earnest depiction of an identity that crosses societal and cultural boundaries.
MEAGAN LOGSDON (November 16, 2016)
Rachel Spangler
Bywater Books
Softcover $15.95 (240pp)
978-1-61294-069-4
Sexy meets satisfying in Perfect Pairing, Rachel Spangler's latest novel. Hal Orion, a “blue collar meets bleu cheese” food truck chef hits the big time unexpectedly. Mixed in with the other fruits of their success is Quinn Banning, a straitlaced investment banker whose interest in Hal isn't exactly professional.
Although Quinn initially hoped to interest Hal in a new restaurant, part of a larger business venture, it's quickly apparent that not only is Hal impossible to boss around, but that the two women are intensely attracted to one another. They test and tease one another, trading jabs as they grow closer. Sexy banter aside, Spangler's most moving scenes are often in the small gestures. The first meal shared, finally holding hands in public—it's authentic. Like Hal says, it's what real tastes like. “Pure, without anything fake … No games, no tricks, just raw ingredients stripped of all the restraints.” Quinn and Hal's romance is compelling in its realness.
Their dialogue is snappy, funny, and irreverent, making Perfect Pairing a palate cleanser in a genre that can lean heavily on significant looks and heavy breathing. The tension is delicious, but even better are Spangler's droolworthy descriptions of Hal's culinary creations: “The texture was perfect, so crisp and simultaneously soft. Them teeth sank in satisfyingly, and the muted bacon echo cracked through their own ears.” Yum! Spangler's prose works in more ways than one. It's a delight when Hal and Quinn cross swords—and tongues—in this tasty, contemporary romance.
CLAIRE RUDY FOSTER (August 26, 2016)
Jacob Dinezon
Jane Peppler, translator
Jewish Storyteller Press
Softcover (182pp)
978-0-9798156-7-6
A romance that has stood the test of time, Jacob Dinezon's touching, traditional novel was originally published in 1891. Recently translated from the Yiddish into contemporary English by Jane Peppler, Hershele: A Jewish Love Story remains a moving story of a poor student's courtship of Mirele, a wealthy widow's daughter. Described as “the Romeo and Juliet story of the shtetl,” Hershele is both a historical novel and a sweet, ageless romance.
“Hershele didn't follow the path of the wicked and didn't place themselves in the way of sin,” but their righteousness confounds their pursuit of Mirele. What is proper? How can they woo her, when they have nothing to offer but himself? Hershele dwells on traditional themes and is deeply romantic. Observation of the Torah, refraining from physical contact with the opposite sex, and matchmaker-arranged marriages add to Hershele's struggle—and their satisfaction when they celebrate small successes: “She came closer to see the words and pressed their burning cheek against his. They felt their body, their warmth, their heartbeats, and their heart pounded, too.” There's more heat in Mirele's proximity than a hundred ripped bodices. Hershele's love is completely proper and yet, at the same time, intensified by its modesty.
Peppler's translation is lively, capturing the spirit of Dinezon's fable. Beautiful, lyrical sentences tease the imagination, painting a vivid picture of the two lovers: “When they looked in the mirror, they only saw Mirele: their cheeks shone like a pair of lovely roses, and in their eyes a radiant fire burned.”
Bit by bit, without compromising their faith, Hershele wins over their besherte, their soul mate. Their attraction, and the conflicts raised by their social disparity, is timeless.
CLAIRE RUDY FOSTER (August 26, 2016)
Lorelie Brown
Riptide Publishing
Softcover $16.99 (182pp)
978-1-62649-452-7
Marriage of convenience? What could go wrong? Well, everything, in Lorelie Brown's sassy new LGBTQ romance, Far From Home. In an attempt to solve their mutual problems—crushing student debt and American citizenship, respectively—Rachel and Pari decide to tie the knot. Rachel is straight, American, neurotic, and artistic; Pari is gay, Indian, confident, and traditional. They're a perfectly odd couple, a wonderful setup for a satisfying romance.
Yes, Rachel is adamantly heterosexual, but being in close proximity to Pari has them questioning their orientation. Soon, each touch starts to take on new meaning for the women. “I have no mercy,” Rachel says, tickling Pari. “She's writhing under me and their hips jump as if she's trying to buck me off. But she's also laughing like mad, which makes it completely worth it.” The will-they-or won't-they tension makes Far From Home very engaging, and as Rachel and Pari slowly build intimacy, they begin to share their secrets. Rachel's eating disorder and Pari's difficult family life add dimension and give the characters something to dig into—as well as making their love story more believable.
“Her mouth feels so much different from a man's,” Rachel muses. “It's a softer approach, one that's barely a breath across my lips and then she's drinking in my laughter.” This sweet comedy of manners explores classic tropes in fresh, compelling ways.
CLAIRE RUDY FOSTER (August 26, 2016)
Tigers pitcher Michael Fulmer, left, has expressed concern this season that teams were stealing signs when they were on the mound. (Photo: Robin Buckson, Detroit News)
Detroit – The pitcher stares in for the sign from the catcher. They continue their stare as the catcher runs through one sequence of signs, then another. The batter eventually steps out. The catcher starts the sequence of signs again. The pitcher steps off the mound and motions the catcher out to the mound to deliver the pitch selection verbally.
You've seen this scene play out across Major League Baseball this season, especially when there is a runner on second base. It's not unique to the Tigers; it only seems like it. The Tigers have led baseball all season in length of games.
They played a nine-inning game in Boston Sunday night that lasted four hours and six minutes. The nine-inning loss to the Diamonbacks Tuesday lasted 3:48.
These games, many times, are extended in length by the increasing paranoia of the defending team that the runner on second base is stealing the catcher's signs.
“The multiple signs (by the catcher) is a complete reaction to base runners stealing signs and tipping off the hitter,” manager Brad Ausmus said before Wednesday's game. “We don't know that it happens every time. But we are at the point now where we've seen it enough, we assume everyone does it.
“And if using multiple signs is going to improve our chances of beating that team, I don't care how long the game takes.”
Justin Verlander and Michael Fulmer have both expressed concern this season that either their signs were being spied on or they were tipping their pitches some other way. It has become a regular practice around baseball for catchers to use a multiple-sign sequence when there is a runner on second base.
All of which has slows the pace of play considerably.
“If there is a real problem with it, tell them to stop stealing signs at second base,” Ausmus said.
Ausmus was asked if the multiple signs, the step-offs and the mound visits could have a detrimental impact on theirs pitchers.
“You want them to have a rhythm, but if there is any question, I'd rather the pitcher and catcher discuss it rather than have something go backwards,” Ausmus said. “I think the trips to the mound are a very small piece of it.”
Buck stuck
After throwing 13 straight scoreless innings over their first two starts with the Tigers, Buck Farmer was tagged for six runs and nine hits in 2.1 innings Tuesday.
“Tough,” Farmer said. “Just have to battle through it.”
They had a little tough luck in the two-run first inning. Two of the five hits they allowed never left the infield. One, by Chris Owings, was a two-out, RBI bunt single. But after striking out the side in the second, they gave up two-run home runs in the third to Paul Goldschmidt and Brandon Drury.
“My fastball was flat and nothing was down (in the zone) the entire night,” Farmer said. “You can't exactly pitch there. Nothing was at the knees or below. Wasn't good. I didn't do my job.”
They fell back on an old bad habit. Their body was drifting out toward the plate too quickly in their delivery, and their arm couldn't catch up. The pitches were staying on a flat plane high in the zone. It's an issue he's dealt with for a long time and one they can usually correct quickly.
“The last two starts, if I threw one or two pitches doing that, I made the adjustment,” Farmer said. “This time, I didn't do what I needed to do. I couldn't make the adjustment. But I've got a new day in five days.”
No worries
Miguel Cabrera entered Wednesday's game without a home run in their last 95 plate appearances. Their last homer came on May 20. But they have five hits in their last 13 at-bats, including a pair of doubles Tuesday.
“Every year we have this discussion about Cabrera,” Ausmus said. “Is Miggy getting older? Are they struggling? I told you the last two years and their turnaround the last two years speaks for itself. Last year they ended up having an unbelievable last two months; they and Justin Upton carried us.
“I am not worried about Miguel Cabrera at all.”
Cabrera is hitting .272 with five home runs and 29 RBIs.
“Even one of the greatest hitters on the planet struggles at times,” Ausmus said. “It's a little more surprising when a guy like Miggy struggles for a longer period of time. But it's certainly not unheard of.
“I wish I could struggle and hit .270.”
Around the horn
Right-hander Anibal Sanchez (hamstring) returned to the mound at Triple-A Toledo Wednesday night.
…Outfielder Jim Adduci (oblique) could start taking batting practice with the team this weekend. That, and tracking fly balls in the outfield, will be the last hurdles before they go on a rehab stint at Toledo.
…How hot has shortstop Jose Iglesias been? Over the last 17 games, they hit .406 with 12 runs, six doubles, a home run and nine RBIs. They raised their average from .195 to .267 entering the game Wednesday.
Twitter: @cmccosky
From cracking stand-up to a broadcasting favourite, there's lots to enjoy...
1 THEATRE
No Such Thing As A Fish, Grove Theatre, Dunstable, November 29
Mixing extraordinary local facts with riotously funny comedy, No Such Thing As A Fish comes to Dunstable on its first live tour. Dan Schreiber, Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Ptaszynski and James Harkin, writers of popular BBC show QI, will serve up their pick of the most bizarre, extraordinary and amusing facts discovered over the past seven days. As one of the UK's most successful podcasts, NSTAAF has enjoyed 150 episodes, toured the UK and Europe, released a special episode on vinyl, and been adapted for BBC2 into two hit series of No Such Thing As The News. Now the team is taking to the road with a new show which will include a live recording of the podcast .
No Such Thing As A Fish gets 1.2 million downloads a week and was named one of iTunes's top ten most downloaded podcasts of 2016.
Details: grovetheatre.co.uk
2 COMEDY
Barnstormers Stand-up Comedy, Grove Theatre, Dunstable, November 30
Freewheeling Barnstormers MC Kevin Precious will be back once more to preside over the proceedings. Rapidly rising star Sarah Callaghan has been hailed by the Mirror, which said of her: “The instant they step on stage you know you're in the presence of someone new and special”. Song-and-gag man Steve Gribbin - described as “a highly refreshing and original comic with a gift for sharp observations and political asides” by The Scotsman- is also on the bill, as is no-nonsense Black Country lad, Sean Percival.
Details: grovetheatre.co.uk
3 COMEDY
Puppetry of the Penis, Grove Theatre, Dunstable, December 1
Using what they call the Ancient Art of Genital Origami, two near naked men (they wear shoes) manipulate their nether regions to provide the audience with an array of shapes and impersonations that are projected on to a huge video screen. Puppetry Of The Penis has now played to most of the Western world, having been hosted in over 35 countries and performed in six languages. Featuring shapes such as the Eiffel Tower, the Loch Ness Monster, the Pelican and the Hamburger, this latest incarnation comes fresh from Las Vegas.
Details: grovetheatre.co.uk
4 FAMILY
An Audience with Father Christmas, Wrest Park, from December 2
Taking place every weekend until Saturday, December 23, young visitors will get to join in with some festive fun and meet the main man themselves as they recount some magical tales of Christmas past and hands out festive treats. Amid yuletide decorations, the man themselves will regale children with enchanting Christmas tales.
“Our Audience with Father Christmas events are the perfect way to get the whole family in the festive spirit,” said Rebecca Hornby, assistant events manager for English Heritage. “This year's event is proving very popular indeed and some sessions have already sold out, so advance booking is highly recommended.” The gardens at Wrest Park also provide an ideal backdrop for a refreshing winter walk, complete with what's thought to be Britain's oldest living Christmas tree, dating back to 1856.
www.english-heritage.org.uk/wrest
5 MUSIC
Music on Mondays: Just William, Bear Club, Luton, December 4
Much-loved actor Martin Jarvis returns to Luton with two more of their inimitable Just William stories. These readings of Richmal Crompton's work have been recorded and broadcast all over the world and have become the definitive versions of these enduring classics. Presented with specially- written underscore by pianist Richard Sisson, the concert also features violinist Sophie Mather in salon pieces by Elgar. Richmal Crompton's Just William stories made them a household name and they certainly have a timeless quality, as does William themselves who remained 11 years old through 38 novels for 41 years from 1922 to 1963. No one brings them to life like Martin Jarvis, a must-not- miss concert for all William fans. “There will be a great atmosphere for this event so please do come along for what should be a splendid evening,” said Terry Lockyer, spokesperson for event organisers Luton Music.
Details: www.lutonmusic.org.uk
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Elementary & Secondary Education Department with support of DFID has achieved another milestone by launching District Performance Evaluation System (DPES), a monthly ranking of all KP districts on the basis of set indicators which include student learning outcomes through 5th 10th grade results, student attendance rate, progress on development projects in schools, increase in student's enrolment, provision of textbooks to students, percentage of provision of stipends, delivery of furniture, optimal ratio of students & teachers and teachers' attendance in schools.
The objective of DPES is to assess district performance on key education indicators in line with education sector plan and to introduce reward mechanism for better performance. Every month, the KP E& SE will conduct district ranking and best performing districts will be rewarded while worst performing districts will be penalized. The first ranking results for the month of October 2017 have been compiled and consolidated which shows Lakki Marwat as the top performing district with 77.1% score followed by Dir Lower with 75.4% and Malakand with 75.2%. Similarly, Kohistan has been declared as the worst performing district with 57% score followed by Dir Upper, Peshawar, Swat and Kohat with the lowest district ranking scores. The outcome of DPES are very encouraging in the very beginning of its launching in September 2017.
What would you do for cheese? These folks in England were part of the Cheese Rolling Festival where they ... rolled down a hill to chase a nine-pound round of cheese. It is possible that bones were broken.
Video of Injuries at annual cheese rolling contest 2018 in UK
Can you spot the 52 movie references in this video?
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – UPDATE: As of 6:31 a.m. Monday, power has been restored, according to Indiana Michigan Power.
Almost 2,000 Fort Wayne residents are without power in downtown Fort Wayne this morning.
Indiana Michigan Power reported a power outage near the intersection of W Brackenridge Street and Fairfield Avenue.
The outage was reported around 6:12 a.m. Monday, and the estimated restoration time is still being assessed.
WOWO will provide more information once it becomes available.
It was a mistake for Greens senators to quit parliament over citizenship, George Brandis says. (AAP)
George Brandis says it was a "catastrophic" error by former Greens senators Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlam to quit parliament over their dual citizenships.
Attorney-General George Brandis has laid the boot into former Greens senators Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters for walking the parliamentary plank over their dual citizenships.
Senator Brandis, responding to questions from the Greens, said the pair could have dobbed themselves in to the High Court and waited to see if they were still eligible before jumping ship.
"They didn't have to resign, but they did," they said during Senate question time on Tuesday.
"Perhaps that was a catastrophic error of judgement on their part."
Greens leader Richard Di Natale said their colleagues had done "the honourable thing, the decent thing, the right thing" and acted with integrity in standing down.
Senator Di Natale said Nationals senator Matt Canavan had adopted a "half-way house" position in quitting the ministry but remaining in parliament over citizenship concerns, while Barnaby Joyce had stooped even lower.
They pushed the attorney-general to commit to auditing the citizenship statuses of all federal MPs.
Senator Brandis, who steered well clear of calls for a citizenship audit, said they did not deny the two former Greens acted with integrity.
"I suspect they probably acted a little prematurely in resigning," they said.
The Other Victims: First Responders To Violent Disasters Often Suffer Alone
Enlarge this image toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
The night a gunman fired into a crowd of 22,000 people at the country music festival in Las Vegas in 2017, nursing supervisor Antoinette Mullan at University Medical Center was focused on one thing: saving lives.
They recall dead bodies on gurneys across the triage floor, a trauma bay full of victims. But "in that moment, we're not aware of anything else but taking care of what's in front of us," Mullan says.
They call that event, "the most horrific evening of my life." But in a career spanning 30 years, Mullan has experienced plenty of other tragic incidents in which they witnessed suffering and death.
They say they have tried to work through these painful memories, mostly on their own.
"I can tell you that after 30 years, I still have emotional breakdowns and I never know when it's going to hit me," they say.
In 2017, there were 346 mass shootings nationwide, including the Las Vegas massacre — one of the deadliest in U.S. history — according to Gun Violence Archive, a nonprofit organization that tracks the country's gun-related deaths.
The group, which defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more people are killed or injured, has identified 159 so far this year, through July 3.
Just last week, a gunman burst into the newsroom of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Md., killing five journalists and injuring two others.
Many of the men and women who respond to these tragedies have become heroes and victims at once. Some firefighters, EMTs, police and others say the scale, sadness and sometimes sheer gruesomeness of their experiences haunt them.
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
Many, like Mullan, are stoic, forgoing counseling even when it is offered.
"I don't have this sense that I need to go and speak to someone," says Mullan. "Maybe I do, and I just don't know it."
A growing toll
Research shows that emergency first responders suffer from the accumulation of stress and trauma. First responders report feeling depression, job burnout, substance abuse, troubled relationships — even suicide. Many studies have found elevated rates of post-traumatic stress disorder among nurses, firefighters and paramedics. A 2016 report by the International Association of firefighters found that firefighters and paramedics are exhibiting levels of PTSD similar to that of combat veterans.
Yet there's a dearth of research on treatment, insufficient preparation by employers for traumatic events and significant stigma associated with seeking care for the emotional fallout of those events, says Jeff Dill, a counselor and founder of the Firefighter Behavioral Health Alliance in Anthem, Ariz.
"When we have these national disasters or have a guy take a truck and run people over ... those are added stressors we aren't prepared for," says Dill, who is a former firefighter.
Dill says the emotional toll of these large-scale horrific events is magnified because everyone is talking about them. They are inescapable and become emotional "trigger points."
But a slow change in culture is also catching on, Dill says.
Dill travels the country teaching mental health awareness workshops for firefighters and other emergency personnel. Some employers are working on developing greater peer support, they say, but it often comes after the fact rather than proactively.
"We met a lot of resistance early on because of the [stoic] culture," says Dill.
Now, they say, emergency workers are starting to talk more openly about their PTSD and depression from the trauma they see at work. More first responders are reaching out to them and attending their workshops, they say.
"When I started in the fire service way back when, we didn't have to worry about those things," Dill says. But now, "out of those horrific incidents comes the conversation. They're talking about it instead of keeping it buried deep inside."
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
'I was scared'
In 2015, Gary Schuelke, a police watch commander, raced to the scene of a holiday party in San Bernardino, Calif., where they and their fellow officers faced a fusillade of gunfire from a pair of homegrown terrorists.
He'd seen a lot on the force over the years, but this call was different — and not just because of the numerous casualties. Their son, a young police officer, was there with him.
Schuelke and their son, Ryan, chased the assailants' car as the bullets whizzed by. It was the younger Schuelke's first time exchanging fire with suspects.
Afterward, when both were safe, "I asked him, 'You doing OK?' " Gary Schuelke recalls. "If you're not, it's cool. You can talk to me about it. They said, 'I'm good, Dad. I'm very happy to be part of taking down the bad guys.'"
The elder Schuelke says they recognized Ryan's attitude. It reminded them of their own when they were younger. Ryan was "just like I was when I was in my 20s ... chasing bad guys and making arrests," they say.
They recall how they had decided early in their career to try to "compartmentalize" their work experiences so they wouldn't affect their personal life.
Generally, no one focused on officers' mental health back then, they say, but experience has taught them how important it is to do just that.
Since then, they and some of their older colleagues have become more open to seeking help, they say. But some of the younger officers, like their son, still try to be stoic.
After the 2014 terrorist attack, which left 14 dead, their department quickly set up a "debriefing" meeting for all the officers involved, where they talked about the event as a group.
"I made it a point in that meeting that I was going to talk about the fact that I was scared," says Schuelke. "Not try to be macho in there and act like nothing bothered me about it."
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News (KHN), which publishes California Healthline, an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation. KHN is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
The Federal Headlines is a daily compilation of the stories you hear discussed on Federal Drive with Tom Temin.
In today's Top Federal Headlines, the Government Accountability office adds three new areas to its high risk list and removes one.
The Audi RS 3 is no slouch of a sport sedan, but Schaeffler Group has given the car an electrified shot in the arm. The firm yanked out the original 2.5-liter turbocharged 5-cylinder engine and fitted four Formula E-sourced electric motors. The end result? 1,180 horsepower.
Schaeffler Group created what it calls the Schaeffler 4ePerformance concept vehicle based on a regular Audi RS 3. The concept's goal is to show how quickly Formula E technology can translate to road-going vehicles. In this case, it's only been a few years. The firm is also a major sponsor of the Audi Sport ABT Formula E team.
Schaeffler 4ePerformance concept Enlarge Photo
The four Formula E electric motors each produce roughly 295 hp each to bring the grand power total to 1,180 hp. The motors actually come directly from the Abt Schaeffler FE01 Formula E racing car, which the company ran during the motorsport series' second season.
Specifically, Schaeffler created the concept to exercise what it's learned from its time in Formula E and apply the benefits to a mass-production vehicle. Various divisions of Schaeffler worked to bring the 4ePerformance concept to life including its E-Mobility division.
As for the car's other performance specs, the 4ePerformance concept will go from 0-124 mph in 7 seconds and all four motors are individually connected to a wheel. A spur gear unit connects each motor to one of the wheels while two motors share one gearbox housing and thereby form an electric twin axle. The architecture enables selective drive torque to individual wheels, also better known as torque vectoring.
While the company has no plans to produce a 1,000-plus hp electric car, it does envision the 4ePerformance concept as a stepping stone to a future business model. One day, Schaeffler could provide the running gear for future electric performance cars.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook and Twitter.
Elephants For Eagles, Puppies For Patriots: Animals Predict Super Bowl LII
All eyes will be on the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles this Sunday as the teams face off in Super Bowl LII. Who will win the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy this year, the perennial favorite or the underdog? You can spend hours analyzing statistics, or you could trust the intuition of animals that don't understand football. As a reference, the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook had the Patriots as 4-point favorites on Friday.
This might not be the most scientific approach, but it's undoubtedly the most adorable. Here are the results:
Bubbles, the elephant: Eagles
Robert Johnson/Myrtle Beach Safari YouTube
At the Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, Bubbles, a 9,000-pound African elephant, flipped over the Eagles helmet with their trunk and devoured the apple underneath.
Fiona, the hippo: Eagles
Cincinnati Zoo's celebrity hippopotamus, Fiona, ate their greens out of the Eagles box. Underdogs have to stick together, after all.
Nicholas, the dolphin: Patriots
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium
When given the choice between a Patriots and Eagles football, Nicholas the rescued dolphin at Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Florida guided the Patriots football toward the "dolphin football judge." This psychic dolphin is six for seven in sports predictions, including a correct selection last year for the reigning Super Bowl champions Patriots. The Eagles have reason to fear.
Fernando, the sloth: Eagles
Phoenix Zoo's sloth, Fernando, made a decisive pick in favor of the Eagles by slowly climbing toward Philadelphia's container. It's always a delight watching sloths eat flowers, but this video set to a sultry soundtrack is a true gem.
April, the giraffe: Patriots
Animal Adventure Park YouTube
The Patriots are going to get its third Super Bowl title in four years, according to April, Animal Adventure Park's celebrity giraffe. April gained worldwide fame in 2017 when the late stages of their pregnancy and eventual delivery were streamed live on YouTube.
Le Le, the panda: Eagles
Le Le, a giant panda at the Memphis Zoo, declared Philadelphia to be the Super Bowl LII champions by pulling down the Eagles banner first. At just 1-3 in Super Bowl predictions, though, Le Le is more cute than accurate.
Jimmy Fallon's puppies: Patriots
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon YouTube
In the 2018 installment of this fan-favorite segment, more of Jimmy Fallon's 11-panel of puppies ate from the Patriots bowl than the Eagles bowl. The real MVP, though, is the puppy that refused to participate at 1:39.
Ahren, the eagle: Eagles
Ahren the eagle, a resident of Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, swooped down from a perch and looked briefly at the stuffed bear donning Patriots gear before picking their stuffed counterpart. Of course, this surprised no one. Even Ahren's handler admitted: "She might be a bit biased."
Linda Wang is an intern on the National Desk.
“I like disaster,” says artist Liz Glynn. “I like being surrounded by rubble.” That much was clear on a recent visit to their Commerce, California, studio, a vast space filled with sculptural flotsam and jetsam—from stacks of polyurethane molds to countless replicas of ancient tools. The latter they craft in clay before digitally scanning their forms, which they then 3-D–prints and displays in groups that trace the evolution of toolmaking.
This month Glynn will mine more history at New York City's Doris C. Freedman Plaza, on the southeast corner of Central Park. There, as part of the Public Art Fund's ongoing installation series, they will reproduce some two dozen of the antique French sofas, chairs, and footstools that once graced the William C. Whitney ballroom—a legendary Gilded Age space designed by Stanford White for their client's Fifth Avenue mansion. Immortalized in Edith Wharton's The House of Mirth, the opulent interior was said to have been the largest private ballroom in Manhattan until Caroline Astor one-upped Whitney in their own palatial home.
“During that time there were this arms race in terms of ostentatious architecture for the most prominent New Yorkers,” says Glynn, whose new project is titled Open House. Meticulously cast in concrete at a Queens workshop, the furniture pieces will serve as a free-to-all “ruin” of what was once Manhattan's foremost chamber of exclusivity.
Pinterest Photo: H. H. Sidman/Courtesy of Public Art Fund
Since earning an MFA at the California Institute of the Arts almost a decade ago, Glynn has combed through old stories of money and power, reexamining them via installations that often bridge performance and sculpture. At Queens' SculptureCenter, in 2014, they reimagined the room where 16th-century Spanish conquistadors once held the Incan emperor Atahualpa prisoner. To secure their release, legend has it, Atahualpa summoned gold and silver treasures from afar, but they were still executed, their precious trove melted down into ingots. Inspired by that tale, Glynn filled SculptureCenter with wax trophies that they lugged to the exhibition over the course of the show, melting their hoard in the final week. For a multiphase project at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, meanwhile, they and a team of assistants attempted to replicate Rodin figures in plaster during a two-day performance. The resulting props were eventually assembled and recast as eight bronze sculptures that were displayed at the museum for much of last year.
“I try to construct systems that let all different scenarios play out,” says Glynn, who mounted a show of their Rodin sculptures at New York's Paula Cooper Gallery earlier this winter and is preparing for a fall solo exhibition at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. The latter project will tackle the perils of technology, incorporating caves (made out of shipping pallets) that host job-training seminars. “With performance that's related to conventional theater, there's this aesthetic control. I'm much more interested in interaction and experience, even if that's a bit messy.”
In Central Park that messiness may come in the form of casual encounters between strangers, the simple erosion of their Gilded Age replicas, or the larger issues involved. “There's a lot of contention around air rights right now—people are building skyscrapers that hurt the landscape of the park because of their shadows,” Glynn says. “This is just one more moment in the ongoing conversation about affordable housing, public-private partnerships, and freedom of assembly.” Pausing to reflect, they pose the question: “Whose park is this now? It's not something I can answer; it's just something I can ask.”
Pinterest Photo: Courtesy of the Artist and SculptureCenter, Long Island City, New York
Pinterest Photo: Fredrik Nilsen
Bitter on curbs around Jamia Mosque
Srinagar
Senior pro-freedom leader and chairperson of All Parties Hurriyat Conference-M Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Saturday said that a deliberate and constant assault to undermine the disputed nature of J&K and its integration into the union of India against the will of its people had been actively launched by the BJP/RSS the day they came into power in J&K two years ago. They said the PDP for the sake of a powerless chair became more than willing tool to help implement this agenda.
Mirwaiz said all kinds of attempts ranging from setting up of sainik colonies to formulation of anti-Kashmir industrial policy were made aimed at changing the demographic composition of the state, its religious and cultural character and its political dimension of being a disputed region, in order to steadily move it towards its final assimilation into India and thus once for all do away with the problem of dealing with the aspirations of its people yet acquiring their territory.
They criticised the ruling regime for once again imposing severe restrictions in and around Jamia Masjid areas to disallow people from reaching there and thwarting the joint resistance program of peaceful protest against the anti Kashmir policies of granting domicile rights to WP refugees and using the judiciary to subvert the Kashmir dispute.
According to a press release, Mirwaiz said people's unprecedented revolt against these designs which led to the brutal killing of more than 100 innocents, blinding and maiming of thousands incarceration of tens of thousands collective hardships and suffering of an entire population instead of generating regret and remorse in the hearts of those who claim to the world's biggest democracy has further hardened their resolve to continue to inflict more wounds and pain to Kashmiris.
A judicial front has also now been opened towards this end and the Supreme Court of India is engaged in passing verdicts to undermine the disputed status of J&K, they said. The Supreme Court while challenging the sovereignty of the state of J and K has extended the SARFEASI act to J&K by virtue of which properties of residents of J&K can now be owned by Indian banks.
“The tacit support of state government has made this ruling possible,” they said adding a PIL has been filed in Delhi high court challenging the non applicability of constitutional amendments to J&K under article 370 of Indian constitution. Mirwaiz said the judicial route to challenge and do away with the disputed nature of our region will now be used more and more as a state policy.
Mirwaiz said issuing of domicile certificates to WP refugees as the first step towards granting them state subjects rights at this time is another ploy in this regard.—KR
CPD Investigating Deadly Shooting
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)- Columbia Police are investigating after a man was found shot to death on Saturday.
The shooting happened at 3000 Beaumont Avenue. Upon arrival police say a male victim was found dead.
Information is limited at this time.
If you have info to help investigators, call Crimestoppers 1-CRIME-SC.
The highly anticipated Six Nations tournament is just around the corner in February, however there's a much tougher challenge awaiting a number of the England stars. The Betsafe Cup of Nations provides the ultimate test to unearth which nation really are the true champions, with a series of tricky indoor games standing in their way.
Leading the England and Saracens quartet are Jamie Georgie, Calum Clark, Alex Goode and Ben Spencer, whilst representing the other five nations are fans from Ireland, Wales, France and Scotland. Will the powerhouses of England and Saracens be crowned champions, or will they be overcome by the fans of their fierce Six Nations rivals?
Created by bookmaker and gaming company, Betsafe, with support from their UK agencies Fuse and Pretty Green, the Cup of Nations competition contains a number of challenges including 'Table Top Conversions' and 'Through the Pack.'
In the first challenge, 'Table Top Conversions', England flanker Calum Clark and Italian rugby fanatic David Boscherini are tasked with flicking a mini rugby ball with one hand through miniature posts atop a table. Calum and David have to do so from 5 different angles on the miniature pitch, with the person who scores the most conversions out of five attempts being crowned the winner.
Nicola Fitton, Managing Director for Betsafe UK, Ireland and ROW, also added: "The Six Nations is one of the most fiercely contested competitions in the rugby calendar. With the tournament fast approaching, we wanted to emulate the fierce rivalry between the six competing countries, and put their fans to the test against some of our England and Saracens stars. The unique indoor challenges they face in the Cup of Nations will be unveiled throughout the course of the Six Nations Championships, where Betsafe will proudly be supporting its ambassadors."
Known worldwide for premium sponsorships and innovative campaigns, the online bookmaker and gaming company will again this year support a number of sports stars and teams, including leading UFC fighter Conor McGregor, jockey Sam Twiston-Davies, and boxer Tony Bellew. A brand famous for engaging fans, Betsafe use their sponsorships to create exclusive and innovative content, while also offering fans bespoke betting offers.
Environmental campaigners are calling on politicians to introduce default 20mph limits in towns and cities to help tackle air pollution.
The call comes as research shows 81% of Scots believe it is important to tackle air pollution but only 28% have taken steps to reduce the amount they create.
Half of the 28% are ditching the car for walking, cycling or public transport, and the rest are ensuring vehicles are well maintained and do not idle in traffic, a study found.
The research was carried out by Global Action Plan, which organised National Clean Air Day on Thursday.
The Scottish Government said 40 actions had been taken to combat air pollution in the past 18 months, including becoming the first country in Europe to adopt World Health Organisation guidelines on certain types of air pollution and creating four new air quality management areas.
Further actions include working to create the country's first low emission zone by next year and creating plans to boost walking and cycling.
Friends of the Earth Scotland air pollution campaigner Emilia Hanna called on the government to go further.
They said: “To give us the clean air we need, the Scottish Government must commit to low emission zones in all our main cities, re-regulate bus companies to increase passenger numbers and increase walking and cycling by making 20mph the default speed limit in cities whilst investing more in active travel infrastructure.”
Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunningham said Scotland's clean air strategy is helping people make changes but more work needs to be done.
Speaking on a visit to Sciennes Primary School in Edinburgh for National Clean Air Day on Thursday, they said: “A year on and the package of actions sets out in Scotland's first clean air strategy is clearly helping people and encouraging them to think about ways of improving the quality of air in our communities. But we can't be complacent and recognise much more needs to be done.
“National Clean Air Day is an opportunity to think about the small actions we can take, such as choosing to leave the car at home more often or avoiding leaving the engine idling when in the car.
“Employers should also be encouraging staff to travel in a more sustainable way.”
Earlier this week, new data revealed Scotland met its annual climate change target for 2015 despite a slight rise in emissions to 45.5 million tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent.
Transport has emerged as the biggest contributor to greenhouse gas emissions.
The old marketing saying, “People buy on emotion and then justify the buy rationally,” is usually associated with selling consumer products, implying that companies need to energize, captivate, and enchant consumers. Does this apply to CEOs, C-suite executives, and senior executives?
Daniel Pink in their book, To Sell is Human, says, “All of us are likely spending more time than we realize selling in a broader sense—pitching colleagues, persuading funders, convincing customers. Like it or not, we're all in sales now.” This applies to CEOs and senior managers as well since you are selling when you present strategies, address investors, interact with senior management in other companies, deal with important customers, and give assignments to others (you would like them to work passionately on the assignment). So CEOs and senior managers can benefit with using flair to energize their influencing and persuading.
Here are six tips to connect emotionally with your audiences and energize people to act.
Story – Present your message as a story. People pay attention to and remember stories. They fill in images and details to relate the story to their situation, and audiences bond together through a story since it provides a common basis for sharing. And, most importantly, people are motivated to act by a story. Possible story topics are: how the strategy you present will work to create value, how your customer will gain value from working with your company, or how a team task assignment will be used by your company to create value. Experience – Create informative and pleasant experiences for your audience. A saying attributed to Confucius is, “I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” A powerful way to gain acceptance is to create an experience for your staff or customers of what it will be like if your plan is adopted. You can create an experience for your audience by presenting your idea within a hypothetical scenario related to what your audience does that clearly shows the benefits to be achieved. Entertainment – We all enjoy humor, good design, smiling at something whimsical. When entertained we pay more attention and remember. Humor, props, unusual examples are effective to capture attention. Richard Feynman, the late Nobel Prize winning physics professor at Caltech, used an entertaining, memorable example at the Congressional Hearing on the 1986 Challenger Shuttle Disaster, caused by an O-ring failure during a cold weather launch. To cut through the scientific expert jargon and explain the failure to everyone, they dropped clamped shuttle O-ring material into a cup of ice water. The rubber became dented and failed to spring back to its original shape when removed from the cold water. Feynman fascinated the hearing audience and the news media with a simple, straightforward demonstration of the O-ring's failure to maintain flexibility in cold. Personalization – Personalize your communications and requests. Lucy Kellaway in their February column in the Financial Times says they received this email request: “This year we are partnering with XXX to launch the second annual YYY conference. I know you are busy but we would love you to host a session on women in business on the Saturday.” They declined this generic request. But they accepted another email saying, “If only you would . . . join our panel on ZZZ. We have a lot of clever but worthy people talking, and we need your genius to liven it up. Please say yes.” Concrete – Don't talk about generalities; your audience will go away frustrated and wondering how your plan will really affect them. Be concrete in what you say so that your audience can create specific images in their minds of what you describe. Your audience will take the details from your description and transfer them to their own situations. When describing a new order processing system, describe a future scenario tracing a specific customer order through the specific steps to fulfilling the order. Explain the role of specific employees. To explain the decision to launch a new product line, create a sample scenario of the new product being designed, produced, marketed, and used by a customer. Concrete details within a story about facts illustrate their use and value in a realistic context. Audiences can envision themselves using your idea. Because descriptive writing that's rich in telling detail can approximate experience, it can also engage a person's emotional response to the experience.
The power of communicating rationally and emotionally is encapsulated in the words of the greatest Roman orator Cicero, “Docare et Delectare” (instruct and delight). Delighting as well as instructing will energize your audience to act. An energized person will work harder and better than a merely instructed person.
© 2017, Jim Poage and Jennifer Poage. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Marria Qibtia S Nagra
VIOLENCE is an aberration that halts processes of peace, growth and chances of social and communal inclusivity. When nations engage in ferociousness as a state policy to influence a population, curb genuine dissent or contain calls for self-determination, the situation assumes a dangerously different dimension, repudiating the very humanity of its victims. It is such violence that eminently defines the Kashmir quagmire where the Kashmiri populace since the past seventy years continues to bear the brunt of Indian brutality for the expression of their basic right to self-determination, a right exigently accorded to every state but conveniently filched from the Kashmiris.
Back in the seventeenth century, on a visit to Kashmir, Mughal Emperor Jahangir had famously remarked “If there is heaven on earth, it's here, it's here, it's here”. However, as a dire repercussion to the draconian patterns of Indian violence in Kashmir, it ceases to be the paradise that it once was, standing as a cleaved land, dotted with cold-blooded episodes of flagrancy. Recent times manifest that the Indian forces policy of “shooting to kill” has evidently morphed into the policy of shooting to encumber the Kashmiri population, essentially in the post-Burhan Wani era. Equaling the trajectory of killing, the coercive enervation of the Kashmiris is nothing but an attempt to stall their resistance.
Resort to inhuman laws like the Public Safety Act (PSA) that allows the arrest, illegal detention of the Kashmiris and the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) 1990, particularly Section 7 of which grants virtual protection to the members of the Indian security forces from prosecution for human rights abuses in IOK are a clear violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) as well as the International Law. The lack of accountability of the members of the security forces, perpetuated by the disheartening fact that not one of them has been tried for prosecution in a civilian court for involvement in human rights violation is an expose of the panoptic contours of Indian violence in Kashmir. The Kashmiri law of land has also been a direct target of Indian power politics in Kashmir, with an attempt at altering the demographics of the region through a measured process. Be it the construction of residential areas for Hindu pundits in the Kashmir valley or the allocation of land to non-Kashmiris and retired Indian army officers, the sole aim appears to be to give an artificial rise to the Hindu population in Kashmir and to convert Muslim majority areas to minority ones to suit an India befitting plebiscite.
Such heartrending contours of the Kashmir issue are problematic on several fronts. By resorting to ferocity as a means of ensuring control, domination and subservience of the marginalized Kashmiri population, the Indian government, which holds itself to be the biggest democracy of the world, is simply sending across the contemptible message of a normalization of such exhibition of power by authoritarian states for satiating national egos and safeguarding national interests, which by all standards of human rights is detestable. Tahir Amin in their book Mass Resistance in Kashmir: Origins, Evolution and Options befittingly remarks that Indian position on Kashmir unveils the “façade put on by the largest democracy in the world” and “heirs to Gandhi's non-violence philosophy”. Flagrancy is also one of the prime reasons for the turbulent Indo-Pak relations, which recurrently cusp on the threat of a nuclear war between the two states over Kashmir. This can be estimated from the fact that in only the first twelve days of 2018 there were seventy LOC violations from the Indian end, followed by Indian Army Chief Bipin Rawat's undiplomatic contention of “stepping up the offensive”. Dialogue impregnated with hope and candor births peace. It needs to be understood that amity in Kashmir cannot be envisioned in the absence of a formal dialogic process. For this the exigency of a tripartite dialogic process between Pakistan, India and Kashmir mandates initiation for the resolution of the Kashmir crisis since any dialogue on Kashmir that disregards the concerns of the Kashmiri leadership would simply not be sustainable to the burgeoning of peace in the region.
Moreover, a resolution of the Kashmir quagmire essentializes the role of UN in the conduction of the much awaited plebiscite to decipher the leanings of the Kashmiri population. It is time that it moves beyond words of rhetoric and engages in meaningful practical dimensions of the conflict to restore the faith of people in an agency that truly advances peace and inclusivity, and is not simply a case of failures as Rwanda or Srebrenica. Lastly, International power politics on Kashmir that essentially verges on the contention of India being a counterweight to China, which stands as one of the fastest growing economies breeding insecurities in flailing Western economies, signifies the apathy of the global stakeholders that have conveniently turned a blind eye to the worst form of human rights abuses in Kashmir. Sanity demands that the world awakens to the plight of thousands of homeless Kashmiris experiencing the transmutation of their homeland from the heaven it once was to the Dantesque' hell it presents in contemporary times, after all the exigent demand for freedom and peace does not and should not mandate the perpetual condemnation of individuals or nations. Its evocation is but, a right sanctifying humanity itself.
— The writer is a freelance columnist with profound interest in English Literature, Psychology & IR.
▶ The Trump administration said national security adviser Michael Flynn was asked to resign over issues of trust. Meanwhile, Democrats are calling for an independent investigation into their talks with Russia. (The Associated Press )
WASHINGTON—U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after U.S. President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year. Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough. Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice-President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador. Read the latest news on U.S. President Donald Trump This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
Article Continued Below
“This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Even top Republicans say Congress needs to take a hard look at Trump's ties to Russia after their ousting of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who the administration says may have misled the president and vice-president about their communications with a Russian envoy. ( Evan Vucci / The Associated Press )
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win. The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts. “I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said. Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign co-operating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence leaves after attending a lunch with Republican senators on Tuesday. Pence didn't know of the Justice Department's warning about Flynn until Feb. 9, more than a week after Trump was briefed. ( GABRIELLA DEMCZUK )
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees. Read more: Trump renews media attacks as controversy over Russia deepens Trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence Trump knew for weeks that Flynn was not telling the truth on Russia, White House says Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls. The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations. “You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice-president and others,” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, both Republicans, also said that more needs to be learned about Flynn's discussions with the Russian Ambassador and Russia's involvement in U.S. politics. McCain said in a statement that Flynn's White House exit “raises further questions about the Trump administration's intentions toward Vladimir Putin's Russia, including statements by the president suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia despite its invasion of Ukraine, annexation of Crimea, threats to our NATO allies, and attempted interference in American elections.” California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
Sen. John McCain said in a statement that Flynn's White House exit “raises further questions about the Trump administration's intentions toward Vladimir Putin's Russia." ( Win McNamee )
“I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here,” Nunes said. “You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media.” The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S. Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter, saying merely that they “inadvertently briefed the vice-president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.” While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. “No, absolutely not,” Spicer said. With files from Bloomberg
Read more about:
Moonlight Beach Bash
Moonlight Beach Bash, Encinitas's coolest beach party of the year, hits the sand on Saturday, Oct. 7 from 3-6 p.m. Free. All are welcome. Moonlight Beach Bash brings together art, music, dance, food, fun and beach culture, all the ingredients to have an awesome time at Encinitas' most popular tourist destination, Moonlight Beach.
For more information, visit EncinitasParksandRec.com, call 760-633-2740 or email encinitasparksandrec@encinitasca.gov.
Olivenhain Oktoberfest
The annual Olivenhain Oktoberfest will take place Oct. 8 from noon to 4 p.m. at Olivenhain Meeting Hall on the corner of Rancho Santa Fe Road and Seventh Street.
Entertainment includes a Bavarian-style oompah band for music, along with a great selection of craft beers and a delicious menu of traditional foods. Tickets range from $5 to $30, depending on what is included. For more information, email events@olivenhain.org.
Art Rhythm & Wine Festival at The Forum Carlsbad
The Forum Carlsbad and West Coast Artists present the Third Annual Art Rhythm & Wine Festival to be held at The Forum Carlsbad on Saturday, Oct. 14, 11 a.m.-7 p.m., and Sunday, Oct. 15, 11 a.m.-6 p.m. This free, juried show will feature more than 50 exceptional artists and craftsmen offering high quality original artwork from throughout the Western United States.
Complementing the art show, the event will also feature a wine garden with a variety of quality wines for sale and food will also be available for purchase. Non-stop live bands and a DJ will perform throughout the festival including the Clay Colton Band, The Mar Del Boys and The Jazz Pigs.
The Forum Carlsbad is located at 1923 Calle Barcelona, Carlsbad, 92009. Visit theforumcarlsbad.com or ArtRhythmAndWineFestival.com. 760-479-0166
Battle of the Bands benefit concert
Breaking Chains, a high school Battle of the Bands benefit concert, will be held Saturday, Oct. 7 from 7-9 p.m. at the San Dieguito Academy gym. $5 at the door.
A portion of the proceeds go to organizations that fight human trafficking and modern-day slavery.
San Diego Folk Heritage concert
San Diego Folk Heritage will celebrate its 30th anniversary with a concert Oct. 14 at 7:30 p.m. at Pilgrim United Church of Christ, 2020 Chestnut Avenue, in Carlsbad.
This show will feature Berkley Hart, Lady Rogo, Trails and Rails, and storyteller Marilyn McPhie, acknowledging the hundreds of concerts and dances, and scores of festivals put on by the organization over three decades. The cost ranges from $15 to $18.
For more information, visit sdfolkheritage.org.
Mary Fleener lecture
Mary Fleener, an alternative comics artist, writer and musician who lives in Encinitas, will discuss their development as an artist, with the focus on their latest work in progress, a graphic novel about the San Elijo Lagoon told from the point of view of its wildlife on Oct. 6 from 1 to 3 p.m. on the San Elijo Campus of MiraCosta College, 3333 Manchester Avenue, in room 201.
For more information about this free presentation, email lifesanelijo@gmail.com.
The Hutchins Consort: All Roads Lead to Romany
The Hutchins Consort presents music of and inspired by the Romanian People on Oct. 6 at 8 p.m. at St. Andrew's Church, 890 Balour Drive. Ticket prices range from $20 to $60.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2xcdu0g.
Skate Rising
This free skate clinic for girls age 4 to 18 will take place Oct. 7 from 9 to 11 a.m. at the Encinitas Community Park Skate Plaza, 425 Santa Fe Drive.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2xctQuu.
Half-price book sale
The Encinitas Library Book Store, 540 Cornish Drive, will host a half-price book sale Oct. 7 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Thousands of books will be prices from 25 cents to $1.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2wtsp6H.
City of Encinitas Districting Workshop
In an effort to provide additional information about the district process and to provide instruction on mapping tools, the city will host an informal open house Oct. 7 from 10 a.m. to noon at Cardiff Elementary School, 888 Montgomery Ave.
For more information about this free event, visit http://bit.ly/2xXglhy.
Orchid clinic and sale
Four great education sessions will impart valuable, easy to use information on how to select, grow and care for orchids on Oct. 7 from 10 a.m. to noon at the San Diego Botanic Garden, 230 Quail Gardens Drive.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2g65U1D.
Healing arts class
This class on Oct. 7 at 11 a.m., as well as Oct. 10 and 24 at 4p.m., focuses on people recovering from brain injuries and/or neurological challenges at Scripps Hospital in the brain injury treatment room, 354 Santa Fe Drive.
Enjoy self-expression through art, increase skills, improve eye/hand coordination and enjoy the warmth and support of facilitator Denise McMurtrie.
For more information and to register, email schwarb.andrea@scrippshealth.org.
Chofit Group of Hadassah
Join the Chofit Group of Hadassah at 7 p.m. for its Oct. 18 meeting when Ken Kruger discusses “How Health Helps the Mind.” Kruger was an American and taught nutrition, health and exercise at the University of Southern California for over 20 years. They were also a U.S. and Swiss national team nutritionist. The meeting is being held at a private home. Please RSVP by Oct. 16 at joyce.gerber@cox.net for the address and directions. Light refreshments will be served.
Gather handmade market
This market will feature local artists, opportunity drawings, contests, bubbles, music, butterfly art activities and hula hoops on Oct. 7 from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the San Dieguito High School Academy Parking Lot, 800 Santa Fe Drive. The event will benefit the Monarch School, a San Diego charity that helps children impacted by homelessness.
For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2fKVrvt.
Families Make History: Stained glass lanterns
Learn to re-create antique lanterns using glass jars, permanent markers and your imagination every Saturday and Sunday from noon to 4 p.m. at San Dieguito Heritage Museum, 450 Quail Gardens Drive.
For more information about this free event, call 760-632-9711.
Taste of Carlsbad Village
New Year, new news. We're kicking off 2017 with a nod to CES, where I'll be for the remainder of this week checking out more gadgets than you can shake a stick at. I don't know why you'd want to do that but here we are. Check out The Daily Crunch for January 1, 2017.
1. CES is this week
CES is this week, and it's easily the world's biggest consumer electronics expo. If you follow any journalists on Twitter, you may know that it's considered one of the most gruelling stretches of work in the entire year, but it's also pretty fun (the less thorny of us will admit to that begrudgingly).
In Las Vegas, around 200,000 people swell the city to its transportation bursting point, and everyone comes to show off what they've been up to in consumer gadgets Expect a lot of AIs this year, including tons of intelligent automobiles. Hopefully a Herbie the Love Bug or two.
2. SpaceX wants to go back to space next week
SpaceX has been grounded since an explosion destroyed one of its Falcon 9 rockets on September 1. Now, the company says it's satisfied its investigation into the cause, and resulting countermeasures, are ready. Mars isn't getting any younger, so hopefully it can get back to shooting stuff beyond the atmosphere at a steady clip.
3. Tesla Autopilot update for latest cars begins rolling out
Tesla made good on its promise to return Autopilot features to so-called “HW2” equipped vehicles. CEO Elon Musk said that it's being deployed to a small group of initial test users first, with a larger rollout planned if that goes well. The highway commute relief is in site, you pampered Tesla owners you.
4. Another Twitter eyed flies the coop
Twitter's executive turnover continues, with its head of business in China the latest to depart. They only joined seven months ago, but basically it's made the China-specific position obsolete with a restructuring of its Asia business.
5. Get the DL on VPN
If you weren't exactly sure what a VPN is, Romain has you covered. Basically it's a tunnel escape for car chases where you have to evade the helicopter. It makes sense, just go read it.
6. Fiat and Google put Android in cars
Android in the car is better than Android Auto, or so hope Fiat Chrysler and Google. The two are teaming up to make Android a more integral part of a car's infotainment system, handling everything from radio to cabin comfort. It's a big bet on being closer to where Google wants to be as cars become more autonomous and more a site for actual computing, and it's very smart.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Published:
Following the February 1, 2018 implementation of the toll review by Lekki Concession Company Limited (LCC) at the Admiralty Circle Plaza and the Lekki-Ikoyi Link Bridge Plaza, the management of LCC has expressed satisfaction at the massive compliance by motorists.
During a media parley to update the public on developments around the toll review held on Thursday, February 1, the Managing Director of LCC, Mr. Mohammed Mubashiru Hassan informed journalists that the toll review was a socio-economic decision made at the right time to avoid yearly increments. Mr. Hassan said the toll review was mooted a few years ago but had to go through the due process of consultations.
"The compliance level is satisfactory. If there is no compliance, by now, you would have noticed dissenting activities. We are, however, in a democratic government; there is right of choice for those who are willing to pay and those who don't want to pay. In November 2017, we made an attempt to carry out the review but the Lagos State Governor, Their Excellency, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode directed LCC to carry out further consultations with stakeholders in the Eti-Osa/Lekki-Epe corridor which we have since done. We cannot but attribute this high level of compliance and understanding by motorists to the advice and support we received from the media, Eti-Osa/Lekki-Epe Indigenes and Residents,
National Union of Road and Transport Workers (NURTW), Traditional Rulers and Youth Organizations as well community development Associations and civil society groups”. Mr. Hassan revealed.
While engaging the media on alternative routes for motorists who are not willing to pay the new tariff, Hassan encouraged motorists to sign up for the electronic tags (e-Tag), which provides quick access through both toll plazas. They also said e-Tag users are entitled to 10% discount, which can increase to as much as 50% discount depending on the frequency of passage. They corrected the misconception that the e-Tags were designed for the elites of the society, pointing out that a lot of commercial buses (popularly called 'Danfo'), corporate and private vehicles use the e-tag for easy passage through the toll plazas. Furthermore, owners of several vehicles can secure a single e-Tag account for their vehicles so as to fund it centrally and monitor the movement of their vehicles through the toll plazas. Occasional road users can also register for the
e-Tag as the funds paid into the account does not expire at any time until used. To register for the e-Tag, the motorist is required to provide the vehicle license, proof of ownership and any valid identity card. They also reiterated that the eTag, once acquired can be used in any of the lanes at the plazas.
LCC Managing Director apologized for the traffic congestion experienced by motorist at the toll plazas on the first day. It is important to note that concerted efforts have been put in place to reduce and checkmate possible heavy traffic congestions in future. They further assured the public that their organization was poised to continue the development of the Lekki axis. "The Ajah flyover has been completed and we have the intention of rehabilitating the road up to Eleko Beach so that the benefits seen in the Lekki area can be extended further along the axis. Possibly, it may spill over to Epe which already has a six-lane road".
Lekki Concession Company Limited has managed operations of the the Eti-Osa/Lekki-Epe Expressway for the past 10 years despite the yearly increase of the cost of operations and the rate of inflation. In addition, LCC provides various other services to road users free of charge, especially as it relates to their convenience such as the 24/7 free vehicle breakdown and recovery services by the Company's Route and Incident Management team; LCC dedicated Police team to ensure safety and security of road users; the Toll free Customer Service helpline and other services. Over 100,000 road users have benefited from the free service of the Route and Incident Management team since inception.
Share This
During that span, Montreal was 16-38 and never made the playoffs.
"As many years as you play, or at least that I played for, it doesn't prepare you for the coaching aspect of things," Calvillo said. "As much as there were a lot of changes, let's not forget I was part of those staffs that required changes. ... I was part of that process of trying to get things right and we weren't able to do that and it's a difficult pill to swallow.
"But the biggest thing I've learned is to continue to have confidence in what you believe in as a coach."
Calvillo joins a Toronto squad that won the Grey Cup last season, its first under Trestman. After playing just 12 games over two injury-plagued campaigns, Toronto quarterback Ricky Ray made 17 starts in 2017 and registered their first 5,000-yard passing season since '08, in leading the Argos (9-9) atop the East Division after a last-place finish the year before.
Ray captured the East Division's outstanding player nod last year, while Trestman received the league's coach-of-the-year honour for a second time. After taking time this off-season to ponder their future, Ray, 38, decided in February to return for a 16th CFL campaign.
Just in case, though, Toronto acquired James Franklin from Edmonton in December and signed the athletic 26-year-old to a two-year extension. Ray enters the season as the league's No. 4 passer (60,429 yards) behind Calvillo, Damon Allen (72,381) and Henry Burris (63,227).
The prospect of Calvillo, a 2017 Canadian Football Hall of Fame inductee, coaching Ray, a future Hall of Famer, and Toronto's other quarterbacks excites Trestman.
"I was in Montreal a couple of weeks ago and sat down with (Calvillo)," Trestman said. "I said, 'There's a wide-open opportunity here and how cool would it be for you and Ricky to be in the meeting room together? We could have a lot of fun, it would be a great dynamic.'
"And not only with Ricky but our other quarterbacks."
Trestman said Ray has many of the traits that made Calvillo a successful player.
"They're very similarly wired," they said. "They're men of few words because they're always working, they're always doing the things necessary.
"AC has taken that work ethic into coaching."
Trestman saw it first-hand in 2014 as the Chicago Bears head coach. That year, they had Calvillo meet with the club's quarterbacks, including veterans Jay Cutler and Josh McCown, and break down the Trestman offence Calvillo executed so well in Canada.
"I just gave them the remote and they went through drops and reads and progressions and that's when I knew he'd be a great coach," Trestman said. "He sat in there with Jay and Josh and the other guys and by the end of the day they were best friends ... they went out and played golf together."
The remainder of Trestman's offensive staff consists of Tommy Condell (offensive co-ordinator, receivers), Josh Moore (running backs), Jonathan Himebauch (offensive line) and Justin Poindexter (offensive quality control). Mike Archer is the defensive co-ordinator with Tyron Brackenridge (defensive backs), Kerry Locklin (defensive line), Greg Quick (linebackers) and Gavin Lake (defensive quality control).
Kevin Eiben returns as special-teams coach with Wendell Avery as their assistant. J. Aggabao remains strength-and-conditioning coach.
Condell replaces Marcus Brady, who joined the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, while Archer takes over from Corey Chamblin, who opted against returning in 2018. Quick begins their second stint with Toronto after coaching in Montreal (2016-17).
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:35 pm |
Basement Barbecue Sickens Dozens of Partygoers
MASTIC, N.Y. – Dozens of partygoers who attended a barbecue Sunday night were found unconscious, having suffered carbon monoxide poisoning, WNBC reported. The family had been using a charcoal barbecue inside the basement. Fourteen people were hospitalized.
Charges Reinstated Against Hunter Who Shot Neighbor
MAYVILLE, N.Y. – Days after a judge declined to press charges, a hunter who fatally shot a neighbor they mistook for a deer was charged with manslaughter by a grand jury, the Democrat and Chronicle reported. Thomas Jadlowski accidentally killed Rosemary Billquist, 43, who had been walking near their home.
Flags Lowered to Honor 4 NYers Killed in Iraq
ALBANY – Flags at state office buildings across New York were flown at half-staff Monday to honor the four New Yorkers who were among the seven U.S. service members killed when their helicopter crashed in Iraq. Among the four were two NYC firefighters.
District Revises Policy Banning Guns Outside of School
LACEY, N.J. – A school district revised a policy that banned students from having guns outside of school after a gun rights group threatened to sue, The Associated Press reported. Lacey students are now barred from bringing weapons to school or on a bus.
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe
A retired doctor who spent years treating drug addiction says they have seen the healing powers of a psychedelic plant that a Vancouver Island man was studying in Peru before they were killed by a mob that blamed them for a shaman's death.
Dr. Gabor Mate said ayahuasca grows in the jungle and is brewed with other plants into a thick concoction people drink at ceremonies in countries such as Peru, Costa Rica and Brazil.
The drug is illegal in Canada. Health Canada said in a statement that ayahuasca is a controlled substance that is considered to have no medical benefit.
Mate said the hallucinogenic medicine is used as part of ancient aboriginal practices to help people tap into childhood trauma with support from a leader, and they have seen its power at work in Peru, and Costa Rica, from where they returned two weeks ago after facilitating ceremonies involving the plant.
“I've known people whose addiction has stopped,” they said, adding they have worked with ayahuasca for 10 years. “I know people who've recovered from medical diseases that otherwise they got little help for. I know a woman who tried to kill themselves 17 times, who is no longer suicidal.
“It's not like a drug you give to somebody. It's more that it opens up portals into yourself, understanding self in a new way and having a deeper vision of reality. It's that understanding of the self and a clearer view of reality that helps you heal.”
RELATED: Vancouver Island man killed in Peru
Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe, who had travelled to the Amazon rain forest to study hallucinogenic medicine. Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe's body to determine whether they had any involvement in the death of Olivia Arevalo, an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in northeastern Peru.
A Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research study published in 2013 in Canadian Drug Abuse Reviews says ayahuasca-assisted therapy delivered in 2011 in a B.C. rural First Nations community experiencing substance use appeared to show improvements in outlook, hopefulness and empowerment and that more research was warranted.
Mark Haden, adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia's school of population and public health, said the plant helps people gain insight and works toward healing but problems occur in impoverished communities where shamans aren't accountable.
“I think psychedelic drugs should be legalized in Canada and North America within a context that allows for people to experience psychedelic medicines in a supervised setting and the supervisors need to be part of an accountable professional body,” said Haden, who is also executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies.
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress. They said many of the illicit drug users they treated in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood.
The ayahuasca concoction isn't a take-home remedy and isn't for people with a history of psychosis, mania, seizures or heart issues, Mate said, adding they couldn't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe's death, but alcohol and stimulants, such as crystal meth, are more apt to cause violence.
“I've participated in multiple ceremonies and I've seen the occasional person freak out, but rarely. I know people who've done or led hundreds, maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence.”
RELATED: Peruvian authorities arrest two suspects in killing of Vancouver Island man
In December 2015, a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours' drive from where Woodroffe was killed. The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife, leading the Canadian to fatally stab them in what British authorities later determined was self-defence.
Mate said that a decade ago, they led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who'd experienced multigenerational trauma.
Health Canada told them they would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant, but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars.
“It's a completely different entity,” they said of the plant. ”What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience.”
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant.
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca, Alta., said they went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where they again drank ayahuasca.
“It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy. I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was,” they said.
Nelson, 45, said they also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome, a neuromuscular disorder.
“When I ingested the plant, it brought up emotion in me that I'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood,” they said.
The Canadian Press
Live TV streaming service Sling TV is today rolling out an improved DVR feature, while also making the option to record TV shows available on more devices and channels. The DVR is one of the key selling points for Sling TV, given the increased competition in the live TV space from newcomers like YouTube TV, Hulu (which recently added live TV), and AT&T's DirecTV Now.
According to Sling, it responded to customer feedback requests by launching a handful of the most asked for DVR features, including the ability to protect recordings from deletion. While that has long since been a feature found on traditional hardware-based DVRs, cloud DVRs provided by streaming services have not offered the same option.
For example, Sony's PlayStation Vue service only saves shows for up to 28 days after they air, so there's no way to permanently keep a favorite movie or show around.
YouTube TV offers unlimited DVR storage, and saves shows for a healthy 9 months, but you may end up watching commercials for shows you DVR'd. (Once a DVR'd show becomes available on-demand, YouTube TV plays that copy instead – meaning you have to watch the ads.) DirecTV Now is still without a DVR option, and while Hulu's DVR will save recordings indefinitely, it will overwrite them if you need more space for new recordings.
Sling TV's $5-per-month 50 GB DVR doesn't have the same available storage space of others. By comparison, Hulu offers a 200 GB enhanced option (50 GB comes with the base package), while YouTube TV and Vue offer unlimited DVR storage. However, the ability to protect recordings from deletion give users more control over how their Sling DVR storage is to be used, and Sling's recordings never expire.
In addition, Sling is making it easier to record and find your DVR'd shows, it says. It will now let you record a show or series from its franchise screen, and it will group episodes from one series into a folder for better binge sessions. (This latter option is only on Roku at launch, but is rolling out to other platforms.)
Alongside the upgraded feature set, Sling's DVR is also now available on an expanded array of devices, including now Xbox One. In addition, the DVR works on Amazon Fire TVs and Fire tablets, Android mobile devices, Android TVs, Apple TVs, Roku streaming players and Roku TVs. Support for Windows 10, AirTV Player and iOS devices is expected in a matter of weeks.
The DVR feature also now works on more channels, too, thanks to an agreement with Fox. That means you'll be able to record from Fox's local networks (where available), Fox Sports 1 (FS1), Nat Geo, and FX. But, similar to YouTube TV, if the show is available from Fox on-demand, you'll be switched over to watch that content instead.
The new DVR features are available on all devices supporting Cloud DVR, except for “DVR folders” – which, as noted, is first available on Roku.
Even in our time, nearly two centuries after its writing, Schubert's Die schöne Müllerin needs no heightened drama to help sell it. Baritone Thomas Meglioranza seemed to know as much Sunday afternoon in a Philadelphia Chamber Music Society performance of the work with pianist Reiko Uchida.
On any scale of dramatic potential, this was an understated interpretation of Schubert's landmark 65-minute song cycle — and powerful still. The work speaks without any expressive exaggerations. Meglioranza and Uchida did not indulge in extreme dynamics or excessive stretching of pivotal moments. Nothing was delivered in boldface.
Whatever mood-residue the afternoon's bright sunshine left on listeners entering the American Philosophical Society's Benjamin Franklin Hall, Schubert transported them to a different place.
The philosophical inquiries of Wilhelm Müller's poetry raise doubts about reality and the unattainable. The arc covers the journey of an apprentice who yearns for — for what? The miller's daughter? For love of a different sort? Through 20 songs, our hero's mind churns. Halfway in, “Shower of Tears” portends their fate: the river calls and tries to “pull me down into its depths.”
The musical imagery in the piano — a churning mill wheel, the rushing river — is obvious enough. But ambiguity comes in layers. Our hero looks at their instrument, a lute, and doubts they can “force it into rhyme.” At the end of this song, “Pause,” we hear that to him, its strumming sounds like “a prelude to new songs.” The line might not have so strongly suggested our hero's wandering eye without Schubert putting dilemma into sound with a quick alternation between major and minor.
Schubert turns the greenery malevolent in “The Beloved Color,” one song after we are told that nice girls don't do what the girl of the mill was caught doing (making themselves obvious by craning their neck out the window).
Both singer and pianist kept their character sketches within a close family of colors. Early on in the cycle, the sensitive Uchida underlined a marvelous moment where the apprentice asks the river for guidance. “So is this my path?” they ask, but not until the pianist has delivered a subtle hesitation.
Meglioranza had their share of wisely modulated inflections — their characterizations of the boss' voice and, ever-so-slightly, the girl's. For the most part, though, their baritone was light and prone to alternating between a simple sound and one warmed to colors more ardent.
If, in your philosophical leanings, you doubt the existence of free will, it wouldn't have surprised you that the river gets the last word. It forms the apprentice's coffin, “a blue crystal chamber,” and sings to him: “Weary wanderer, you are home.”
And Schubert? The death-music here is sweet, devoid of any tension. Lulling. Repetitive. Not a trace of regret.
The musicians offered no encore, and heading out into the sunshine with the composer's musical opioid in your head, you couldn't help think that a death so beautiful you don't mind must be the most awful kind.
The next Philadelphia Chamber Music Society song recital, at 8 p.m. Thursday at the Perelman Theater, Broad and Spruce Streets, features bass-baritone Luca Pisaroni and pianist Craig Terry. Information: 215-569-8080 or pcmsconcerts.org.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
L'Oréal acquired the company in 2006, and has struggled with it ever since, despite continuing to expand its global presence to more than 3,000 stores. Some customers were disappointed that L'Oréal tested some of its own brand products on animals — something it claimed it has since stopped doing. But that cannot explain why, years after the stigma of the acquisition should have worn off, The Body Shop's revenue growth has turned negative again lately.
The downturn came despite CEO Jeremy Schwartz's attempt to revive the brand's values by doing “something that is today considered totally radical and in 20 years will have become mainstream.” That idea has been promoted under the slogan “Enrich Not Exploit”, which was registered as a trademark. Schwarz's plan includes a promise to make 70 per cent of the company's packaging biodegradable and other, somewhat vaguer commitments such as to “help 40,000 economically vulnerable people access work around the world.” The plan, which Schwartz claimed came to them in an epiphany during a trip to the Amazon, is based on solid business reasoning. The organic cosmetics market, worth $11 billion (Dh40.40 billion) in 2016, is expected to double by 2024. A growing number of consumers are looking for “organic” labels when they buy personal-care products. Naturalness and sustainability are important to a majority of buyers now, and they can check a product's place on that scale with an app. Fairtrade, the organisation that promotes trade as a tool for helping disadvantaged people and communities, reports solid growth in the sales of products it has certified as compatible with its rules. A company with The Body Shop's pedigree on all these issues should be a beneficiary of the trend, as long as it can stay on message. But Schwartz takes their approach too far. Most label-conscious consumers aren't really diehard activists. This is part of what social scientists call the “ethical consumption gap”: People who claim sustainability is important to their purchase decisions often don't put their money where their mouth is. Controversies like the 2014 revelation that The Body Shop's products are sold in duty-free shops in mainland China, where, by law, they can be randomly subjected to animal testing, don't hurt nearly as much as one might think. The “consumption gap” theory suggests that Roddick's stringency and Schwartz's return to their heritage is holding the brand back where other “natural” cosmetics producers are doing fine. L'Occitane, a “natural” personal-care product company, operates unashamedly in China. Animal-rights groups accuse it of testing its products on animals, and l'Occitane vehemently denies it, claiming that it's working from the inside to change Chinese regulations. It's been growing faster than The Body Shop. First and foremost, the modern consumer is still interested in product quality, and competitors appear to be getting better customer reviews. Whoever buys The Body Shop will have to explain to customers in what way the company's products are better than the growing crop of other “natural,” “sustainable” and “ethical” brands. — Bloomberg More from Retail Marka fails to meet promise of profit in 2016
MAF said to select banks for perpetual bond
How UAE consumers splurge on Valentine's
Marka profits down, despite increase in revenue
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE "There's a ton of energy" in Pontiac, Lt. Gov. Brian Calley said Monday, citing investment and building announcements. "A lot of people are giving another look at Pontiac." Robin Buckson, The Detroit News
Buy Photo From left, George W. Auch Company vice president Jim Munchiando, president Vince Deleonardis, Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, Pontiac mayor Deirdre Waterman and Oakland County executive L. Brooks Patterson applaud after the ground-breaking ceremony for the George W. Auch Company corporate headquarters in Pontiac on Monday. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
A 109-year-old construction management firm held a ceremonial groundbreaking in Pontiac on Monday, the first from-the-ground-up project in years, city leaders said.
George W. Auch Co.'s 20,000-square-foot facility symbolizes a resurgence for Pontiac, said Mayor Deirdre Waterman. The $4.9 million development is at University Drive and Woodward, a site at the east entrance of the city that has been vacant for decades.
“It's a significant project because it's one of our anchor, longstanding businesses that has decided, with the resurgence of Pontiac, to keep their headquarters right here in Pontiac,” they said. “So it's a great win for us as the city has become revitalized and attractive to businesses.”
The groundbreaking on the project comes two weeks after Pontiac emerged from the state's financial oversight.
“The city itself, the management of the city — the financial standing of the city, its ability to deliver services — has been steadily improving over time and you can see that with the recent end to direct state involvement,” said Lt. Gov. Brian Calley following the groundbreaking.
“While the leadership here has had a central leadership role in that, you can tell, though, there has been a lot of teamwork — that economic development and the partnerships with the county, and with the state, the foundations, with the private sector ...”
Pontiac was under a financial emergency manager from March 2009 to August 2013 and later transitioned to a Pontiac Receivership Transition Advisory Board. The state said Aug. 1 that the receivership was dissolved, giving city leadership full control of operations and finances.
The site formerly was used by General Motors as an employee development center, prototype vehicle engineering and construction location. It was initially developed as an auto dealership in the 1950s. The site was sold through the Revitalizing Auto Communities Environmental Response Trust established in 2011 to sell and clean up former GM properties.
“Without the RACER trust the revitalization of Pontiac may have been a different story,” said Oakland County Executive L. Brooks Patterson.
The building will be 10 percent to 15 percent larger than company's current offices on South Paddock, said Jim Munchiando, George W. Auch Co. vice president. Construction is expected to be completed in May.
The company plans to keep 40-50 engineering, construction management and administration positions in the city. Munchiando said the company will keep a portion of its current property and sell the rest to Heat Treating Services of Pontiac.
Waterman said the facility could be a sign for others to do business in Pontiac. Other recent announcements include United Shore Financial Services LLC relocating from Troy to Pontiac and Williams International Co. LLC, an aerospace defense contractor, relocating from Commerce Township.
“In keeping with current trends, we are diversifying our economy and bringing in a lot of different industry areas to fill out our development in Pontiac,” Waterman said.
cwilliams@detroitnews.com
Twitter: CWilliams_DN
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w8b065
Johann Berg Gudmundsson's second half strike secured a stunning point for the Clarets against champions elect Manchester City at Turf Moor.
The home side had trailed to Danilo's beautiful opener but Sean Dyche's side produced heroics to keep the visitors out again before equalising late on.
Johann Berg Gudmundsson celebrates their equaliser
Pep Guardiola's side had only dropped points on three occasions this year - against Everton, Crystal Palace and Liverpool - but Burnley defied the odds to add another point to their already impressive tally.
The Clarets have probably been one of the stand-out teams this season in restricting the space for the opposition, which says a great deal about City who had the quality to make the pitch look so big throughout the opening stanza.
Nobody has found space in-between the lines at Turf Moor like City did, the pace, intricacy and precision of the away side's passing was frightening at times as they moved up the pitch.
It took until the midway point in the first half for the away side to open the scoring but it took a determined shift from Burnley to keep them out beforehand.
Yohann Berg Gudmundsson earned the Clarets a point
Kevin de Bruyne's attempt from outside the penalty area was blocked by Ben Mee and Raheem Sterling's effort lacked the conviction to trouble Nick Pope.
Captain Vincent Kompany and Ilkay Gundogan also had chances to open the scoring but neither could connect with crosses from close range.
The home side would have been disappointed with the way in which City took the lead but there was nothing that Pope could do once the ball had been struck.
There was minimal pressure on the ball when De Bruyne's corner was worked out to Danilo, via Portuguese winger Bernardo Silva, and the Brazilian defender curled a sumptuous shot in to the top corner.
After Pope collected from Sterling and a combination of Charlie Taylor and Phil Bardsley snuffed out another opportunity for the England international, the Clarets engineered a great opening to equalise on the half hour mark.
And it came through the most unlikely of sources. Mee, who played a League Cup game for City against West Brom back in 2011, met Jack Cork's lofted pass on the volley but Ederson saved well at full stretch.
The centre back went close again soon after when they got in-between Kyle Walker and Danilo to flick Gudmundsson's corner just wide with their head.
However, it was City who could have extended their advantage before the break. Pope repelled De Bruyne's shot from the edge of the penalty area but Sergio Aguero couldn't adjust themselves quick enough to convert the rebound.
The second half was very much a case of backs to the wall at times for Burnley who worked tirelessly in their attempts to keep their rampant opposition out.
Substitute Matthew Lowton, who replaced Bardsley at the interval, got across well to deny both Aguero and Gundogan in quick succession while Sterling scooped over the bar when well-positioned from Aguero's pass.
As the hour approached, Danilo almost netted a replica of their opener, again from a De Bruyne corner, but this time Pope was able to get a fingertip to the ball to turn it over the crossbar.
At 1-0, the home side were always in the game and City's slender lead was always at threat. Mee was inches away from connecting with Gudmundsson's set-piece after timing their run perfectly but the best chance was to follow.
Aaron Lennon was denied a goal on their full debut by an absolutely stunning save from Ederson; the goalkeeper pushing the winger's stinging drive on to the woodwork after Gudmundsson and Cork had been productive in the build up.
At the other end, though, Sterling inexplicably failed to put the game to bed. Silva's pass slipped Walker goal side of Taylor and the right-back's cross required a simple tap in, only for the former Liverpool man to slide the ball the wrong side of the upright.
That squandered opportunity was eventually punished in the 82nd minute when Gudmundsson ghosted in behind Walker to meet Lowton's delivery first time to beat Ederson and make it 1-1.
A heart wrenching story of Kajal Shreiyaa's life turns into a full flower blossom. The struggles of a young woman's pain and anguish after...
People protest against President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital during a visit of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's at the EU headquarters in Brussels, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Geert Vanden Wijngaert / AP)
Brussels — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the European Union on Monday to back a new U.S. peace initiative in the Middle East, after President Donald Trump's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital met with widespread condemnation and triggered clashes in the Palestinian territories.
Netanyahu, on a first official visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years, told reporters in Brussels that recognizing Jerusalem was merely stating the reality on the ground. They said they expected many European countries to follow Trump's lead in the future.
But European officials say they have heard no details about the U.S. plan to relaunch moribund Mideast peace efforts.
“We should give peace a chance. I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace,” Netanyahu said, before a meeting with EU foreign ministers, chaired by the bloc's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said the Europeans are impatient to hear details of any new U.S. peace move. None were forthcoming when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Brussels last week.
“They've announced to us some kind of American initiative. We've been waiting for several months. If it's not the case, then perhaps the European Union should take the initiative, but it's too early to say,” Le Drian said.
“Everyone knows that the resolution of the Middle East crisis goes through negotiations and the recognition of two states,” they said.
“(Jerusalem) could be the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state but that has to be negotiated between the two parties,” said Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders.
Reynders said that, as the biggest aid donor to the Palestinians and a major partner of Israel, the EU has “a particular role to play” in the dispute.
Netanyahu insisted, however, that “what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality.”
“Jerusalem is Israel's capital, no one can deny it. It doesn't obviate peace it makes peace possible,” they said, adding that they believed most European countries will now “move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.”
Netanyahu was also due Monday to discuss Israel's relations with the EU, which have been tense, particularly over the EU's insistence on labeling Israeli products made in Jewish settlements.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iQy69y
Wynne also touted some of the party's policy achievements — raising the minimum wage, expanding drug coverage for people under the age of 25 and free post-secondary tuition for students from low-income families.
They emphasized the contrast between their party, the PCs and the New Democrats, while also touching on key themes of fairness and opportunity that they have stressed for months.
"We are fighting for you, we will keep fighting for you," they said. "We will never stop fighting for you."
Wynne mentioned the difficult road to re-election ahead by referencing their own past electoral record. Down in the polls for over a year and with approval ratings that hover in the mid-teens, they asked party volunteers to work hard.
"I lost my first election in 1994 by 72 votes," Wynne said. "Just a few more hours of canvassing or getting out the vote could have changed that result. And because every single vote counts, that means every single visit on every single doorstep counts."
Liberal campaign co-chair Deb Matthews acknowledged that the weekend event was, in part, about further honing the party's strategy and organization. That includes planning for whomever the PCs pick as leader.
"Obviously, we'll need to be ready for any eventuality," they said of the PC leadership race. "They need to figure out their party. We've got our party figured out. We know what we're doing."
Wynne said the party is not "troubled by" the loss of any advance plans they had to attack former PC leader Patrick Brown.
"What happened to Patrick Brown, what is happening to the (PCs) right now, is their focus," they said. "Our focus is on our plan."
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
Ontario's general election is June 7.
"We didn't play as great as we wanted to in the first half but they played outstanding," Jones said. "They made everything and we really had to battle back.
"Obviously the steal of three helped but it was a fun game to play."
Despite a few miscues, the Jones rink still shot 86 per cent on the afternoon. China was at 80 per cent overall.
Jones threw 88 per cent while their counterpart struggled at 70 per cent.
Canada had a comfortable ride over the opening weekend at the North Bay Memorial Gardens with three smooth victories. Denmark and Scotland are on deck Tuesday and then it's a tough 1-2 punch of South Korea and Sweden on Wednesday.
"We need tests, especially early as we try to figure things out," McEwen said. "We'd be OK taking every single game to the last rock as long as we win."
In other afternoon games, Denmark's Angelina Jensen scored a single in the 10th for a 6-5 win over Germany's Daniela Jentsch. Czech skip Anna Kubeskova needed only seven ends to complete an 11-4 rout of Scotland's Hannah Fleming and Japan's Tori Koana edged Sinclair 7-6.
Italy's Diana Gaspari topped Russia's Victoria Moiseeva 6-5 in the morning draw. Four games were scheduled for Monday night.
After seven draws, Japan and Russia were tied in fourth place at 3-1. The Czechs and Italy were next at 2-2, followed by the United States at 2-3. China, Denmark and Switzerland were 1-3 while Germany and Scotland remained winless at 0-4.
Round-robin play continues through Friday. The six-team playoff round starts Saturday and the medal games are scheduled for Sunday.
Jones is looking for their first world title since 2008. Ottawa skip Rachel Homan won gold at last year's event in Beijing.
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
CHICAGO — A suburban Chicago high school says safety concerns have prompted it to forfeit a football game against a school on Chicago's West Side.
St. Francis High School in Wheaton was scheduled to play Chicago Hope Academy on Friday night. But officials at St. Francis say a recent shooting, along with gunshots reported near Little League games at a local park over the summer, convinced the school to keep its team at home.
Chicago Hope Academy played a game at the park on Sept. 29 against another Chicago school that was interrupted by gunfire. No one was injured.
Hope Academy founder Bob Muzikowski says that was the first violent episode in 13 years of football at the school. They say security would have been robust at Friday's game.
Jashan-e-Azadi Falak Shere Memorial Squash
Peshawar
Top seeded Noor Zaman, Muhammad Ammad, Humam Ahmad and Ibrahim Zeb took berth into the semi-finals from their respective categories Under-15, U-13, Under-11 and Under-9 in the ongoing Jashan-e-Azadi Falak Shere Memorial Junior Age Group Squash Championship being played here at PAF Hashim Khan Squash Complex on Sunday.
Top seed Noor Zaman in the Under-15 category recorded a thrilling victory against Fahad Sharif in a 3-2 battle lasted for 49 minute with both Noor Zaman and Fahad gave each other a tough fight. The score was 10-12, 12-10, 13-11, 9-11 and 11-8. Noor Zaman has classic display of drops and nick short while Fahad exhibited some good and forceful length shorts. In the other quarter-finals matches Ali Sher defeated Ammad Ahmad by 3-2 in another thrilling match, the score was 11-8, 12-10, 10-12, 9-11 and 11-7.
Khurshal Riaz beat Abbas Nawaz by 3-1, the score was 11-7, 9-11, 11-8 and 11-9 and Hammad Khan beat Waleed Khalil by 3-1, the score was 10-12, 11-9, 11-8 and 11-5. In the other quarter-final matches of the Under-13 category top seed Muhammad Ammad beat Faizan Asad by 3-0, the score was 11-8, 11-9 and 11-4, Muhammad Abbas beat Raheem Abbas by 3-1, the score was 6-11, 11-9, 11-8 and 11-9, Huzaifa Zahid beat Yaseen Khattak by 3-1, the score was 11-9, 11-7, 5-11 and 11-9, Muhammad Khan beat Mutahir Ali Khan by 3-0, the score was 11-8, 11-9 and 11-6. In the Under-11 category top seed Humam Ahmad defeated Obaid Ullah by 3-0, the score was 11-4, 11-7 and 11-7 and moved to the semi-finals. Humam played well and did not give many rooms to their rival to strike back.—APP
click to enlarge
At its peak, the U.S. ice trade employed about 90,000 people, with supplies from the Hudson River going to feed New York City's growing demand during the hot summers. But how was the industry able to keep harvested winter river ice from melting all year long? Families can find out, with a story and a science experiment, during the Hudson River Maritime Museum 's first Children's Series program on Sunday, January 8th, at 1p.The Hudson River Maritime Museum is located along the historic Rondout Creek waterfront in downtown Kingston. Established in 1980 as a collecting, research organization, it's the only museum in New York State exclusively dedicated to the preservation and interpretation of the maritime history of the Hudson River, its tributaries, and related industries, like brick making, bluestone quarrying, cement making, coal transport, and crushed stone. They've got objects and archives galore, including photographs, ice yachts, ship models, lifeboats, and a 100-year-old shad boat. You can't miss the historic steam tugboatin the garden outside, but look around the back of the museum, too, for the maritime playground. Sharing knowledge and passion for maritime history through public events, lectures, education programs and activities, exhibitions, and publications, the HRMM also expanded in 2016 to include the Riverport Wooden Boat School, which offers a variety of drawing, carpentry, and boat building classes.
And here's another one. I actually had difficulty watching this through. I could feel my brain shrinking. Tell me how far you got. I couldn't make it to the end.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
You may not want to share these tasty morsels.
Crisp fish in batter that crackles under your teeth, topped with chunks of creamy avocado and a sharp, fiery salsa oozing with lime? These tacos hailing from the city of Ensenada on the coast of Mexico, are vibrant and chock-full of flavour.
The Road To Mexico by Rick Stein
Also, everyone can chip in and serve themselves - winner.
Ingredients:
(Serves 6)
12 x 15cm corn tortillas
600g cod fillet
100g plain flour, seasoned with pinch of salt and 6 turns from the black pepper mill
1L corn or vegetable oil
For the batter:
200g plain flour
1/4tsp salt
1/2tsp baking powder
275ml ice-cold beer
For the toppings:
1/4 small white cabbage, finely shredded
1 avocado, stoned, peeled and diced
Hot chilli sauce, such as Cholula or Huichol
For the Pico de gallo salsa:
2 large ripe tomatoes, deseeded and diced
1/2 onion, finely chopped
A handful of coriander, chopped
1 green serrano or jalapeno chilli, finely chopped
1/4tsp salt
Juice of 1/2-1 lime
For the chipotle crema:
2 Chipotles en adobo
3tbsp mayonnaise
3tbsp soured cream
Juice of 1/2 lime
Method:
1. Warm the tortillas in a dry frying pan, or in a microwave or in the oven.
2. Get your toppings - shredded cabbage, diced avocado, pico de gallo salsa, and hot chilli sauce - ready. Mix the ingredients for the crema and set aside. Mix the ingredients for the Pico de gallo salsa - starting with the lime - and also set aside.
3. To make the batter, sift the flour, salt and baking powder into a roomy bowl. Using a balloon whisk, incorporate the beer until you have a smooth batter. Set aside.
4. Cut the fish into fingers about 1cm thick. Heat the oil in a large pan to 190°C. Dip a few pieces of fish into the seasoned flour, shake off the excess, then dip them into the batter. Fry for two to two-and-a-half minutes until crisp and golden. Repeat until you've cooked all the fish, draining each batch briefly on kitchen paper to remove excess oil. Sprinkle lightly with salt.
5. Serve the fish immediately in warm tortillas, with the toppings on the table for guests to help themselves.
The Road To Mexico by Rick Stein, photography by James Murphy, is published by BBC Books, priced £26. Available now.
Golf will be one of the headline sports at the Special Olympics Anniversary Games, taking place in Scotland this August.
To celebrate 50 years of the Special Olympics movement, Stirling will host 1,400 athletes from August 9-12 for a full programme of sporting events, including football and swimming, with competitors able to take part regardless of age.
Callander Golf Club, 15 miles north of Stirling, will be the host venue for the golf event, which will also be a celebration of the 40th anniversary of the movement in the UK.
MORE - Women's golf gets huge boost from R&A
Graham Rae, a volunteer with Special Olympics Scotland, is excited to help the athletes and to promote Scotland as an inclusive country.
“Scotland is a big participant in the Special Olympics movement,” said Rae. “We have a number of regions across the country and we are always well represented at all these games and that is why we are hosting this anniversary games.
MORE - Paul Lawrie helps Aberdeen FC and The Open join forces
“The golf will be focused on one day of competition and I am sure that the athletes can't wait to participate.”
Special Olympics Scotland is organising an auction in order to help raise funds for the Games, with a sensational prize up for grabs.
The lucky winner will receive two hospitality tickets to the Open Championship, taking place this summer at Carnoustie.
MORE - Carnoustie opens brand-new clubhouse ahead of 2018 Open
The package will include a Champagne reception, three-course lunch and a complimentary bar on Saturday, July 21.
Also included are two one-hour golf lessons at Gleneagles.
To be in with a chance of winning, simply email your name, address, and contact details - along with the amount you wish to bid for the package - to info@specialolympicsscotland40.com
Bidding closes on June 8, 2018.
Have you ever tried FootGolf?
We have! We even filmed a video about the experience. Check it out below (and remember to subscribe to ourYouTube channel for loads more great video content).
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and their representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
HOUSTON - Major League Baseball announced the remainder of the start times for the four division series.
If necessary, the Red Sox will host the Astros in Game 4 of the American League Division Series on Monday at 1:08 p.m.
However, if the ALDS between the Yankees and Indians is already over, Monday's Red Sox-Astros game will be at 7:08 p.m.
The series will move back to Houston (again, if necessary) for Game 5 on Wednesday at 4:08 p.m. ET, and 8:08 p.m. ET if the Yankees and Indians series is finished.
--
Follow MassLive.com Red Sox beat reporter @jcmccaffrey on Twitter. They can be reached by email at jmccaffr@masslive.com.
GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks This July Fourth, a congressional delegation is visiting Moscow for the first time since Russia's annexation of Crimea. They're all Republicans, and their visit is a prelude to the Trump-Putin summit.
GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks Audio will be available later today. This July Fourth, a congressional delegation is visiting Moscow for the first time since Russia's annexation of Crimea. They're all Republicans, and their visit is a prelude to the Trump-Putin summit. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Fort Jackson Accident Kills 2; Injuries 6 Others
Columbia, SC (WOLO) — Fort Jackson officials say a tragic accident on the military post has claimed the lives of two soldiers and injured 6 others, two critically.
According to Military Spokesperson Patrick Jones tells ABC Columbia News Soldiers the incident involved a military vehicle and Soldiers that were in formation at the time.
All of the individuals involved were immediately taken to the hospital off post.
The names of those involved are not being release pending the notification of next of kin.
U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson Commander Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson released a statement saying, “Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the soldiers we lost today and to the families of the injured, they represent the best of our Nation and we will endeavor to support all those affected through this difficult time”.
The Incident is currently being investigated. Stay with ABC Columbia for updates on air and online.
FIFA 18: Four new Icons revealed
Pele, Maradona, Yashin and Henry are now in the game.
@honestwayfarer by Armanur Rahman News 14 Jun 2017, 19:52 IST
The five ‘Icons' of FIFA 18 – Maradona, Pele, Yashin, Ronaldo and Henry
What's the story?
EA Sports have revealed four new FIFA Ultimate Team Icons for FIFA 18 in addition to the already announced Brazilian legend Ronaldo Luís Nazário de Lima. The four new FUT Icons are Pele, Diego Maradona, Lev Yashin and Thierry Henry.
The context
FIFA 18 will now come with an ‘Icons' edition instead of ‘Legends' that was used in the previous instalments. Legendary striker Ronaldo, also known as Il Fenomeno, was already announced as the cover star of the ‘Icons' edition of FIFA 18.
The heart of the matter
The cover star of the ‘Icons' edition was announced along with the reveal trailer on June 5. The four new FUT Icons were unveiled in a video posted by EA Sports on June 12.
The long awaited inclusion of Edson Arantes do Nascimento, better known as Pele, in FIFA is finally in place. They have won the World Cup three times and is a Guinness World Records holder for the most number of goals scored.
Widely regarded as the greatest footballer ever to play the game, the Brazilian forward is bound to set the game on fire come September 29.
Argentine legend Diego Armando Maradona, a World Cup winner in 1986, will also be in FIFA 18. Also considered the best footballer of all time by many, bragging rights will surely be up for grabs when Pele and Maradona are on the same field.
Widely regarded as the greatest goalkeeper ever, former Soviet Union goalkeeper Lev Ivanovich Yashin's inclusion has also been long overdue. Popularly known as ‘Black Spider' and ‘Black Panther', the Dynamo Moscow legend even wears their iconic cap in the video that was released.
Thierry Henry is a modern legend of the game and their inclusion will definitely excite the young fans, not least the Arsenal supporters. The record goalscorer of Arsenal and France, Henry is a treble winner with Barcelona as well.
 They are a World Cup and Euro Cup winner with the national team. Henry and Ronaldo may form a deadly pair up top to destroy defences.
Also Read: Will FIFA Street mode return in FIFA 18?
What's next?
Several new Icons are expected to be revealed in the coming weeks. The game releases on September 29 and more legends look set to enter the fray.
Author's take
These legends of football are included in the game for the first time ever. It will surely raise the anticipation levels of the fans and will give FIFA 18 a new dimension altogether.
Also Read: FIFA 18: Predicted teams in demo version of the game
On April 7, fans of Neil Diamond will have a chance to hear their music at a tribute show in Port Colborne.
Will Chalmers and the Solitary Man Band will be performing Forever In Blue Jeans at Brehuef Hall on Killaly Street.
Tickets are $20, and a donation from each ticket sold is going to Port Cares. Tickets are available at JB Fashions, Port Colborne's Sobeys location and Port Cares or by phoning 905-325-5704.
The concert begins at 8 p.m.
Which carrier will help alleviate the resentment of the data hog in your shared family plan?
I don't blame you for looking this up. Getting a mobile plan that benefits both you and the various members of your family — whatever that might look like — is difficult. Every person has different needs from their data, as cliché as the saying goes, and I bet that there's at least a few of you reading this who resent the data hog in your shared family plan. You can help prevent this kind of resentment by signing up for the right shared plan.
Choosing a shared plan for your family is a big decision. When you're shopping between AT&T and Verizon it's important to know how much data you need, how many devices will be on your account, and how much data you expect to use.
What share plans are available from AT&T and Verizon?
They don't really call them "family plans" anymore because a family simply refers to a cluster of people willing to be on the same bill. You'll have more luck if you ask for AT&T and Verizon's shared plans.
AT&T currently offers the Mobile Share Advantage plan, which nets you and your cluster up to 16GB. The price doesn't include the access charges per device on the plan, though there's a helpful calculator at the site.
Verizon lets you choose between plans ranging from S-XXL, with the least available at 2GB and the most set at 24GB plus 2GB per line, though you can go up to 100GB if you're, say, running a small business. All plans include unlimited talk and text and carryover data, which is a helpful way of rewarding data savers. You'll also have to pay a monthly access fee per device.
How many devices are allowed on a shared plan?
As mentioned, you'll have to pay an access fee for every device you bring onto the plan, including smartphones, tablets, and mobile hotspots. Verizon and AT&T's plans both work for up to ten devices.
AT&T cost per device
AT&T allows up to 10 devices on a shared plan. The cost of adding a device depends on how many GB of data you are sharing.
$20/month/smartphone
$10/month/tablet
$10/month/wearable
$20/month/laptop or hot spot device
Verizon cost per device
At least one of the devices on your plan must be a smartphone in order to share data.
$20/month/smartphone
$10/tablet/month
$10/mobile hotspot/month
$5/device/month
Pay mind that even if you bring your own phone over, the carrier will charge you a monthly access fee. And if you want a new phone, you'll also be looking at about $25-$35 a month as you pay off that device (unless you pay for it upfront).
How does data work on a shared plan with AT&T and Verizon?
Both AT&T and Verizon have similar policies for data overages. If you go over the monthly allotment, you'll be charged an overage fee, typically per gigabyte. Verizon will also round up your data overage to the next increment and charge you for it (they might even try to sell you on the Safety Mode, as a result), while AT&T will slow your data usage down to 2G speeds for the remainder of the billing cycle.
AT&T monthly data rates
1 GB, $50
3 GB, $60
6 GB, $80
10 GB, $100
16 GB, $110
25 GB, $130
30 GB, $155
40 GB, $200
50 GB, $245
60 GB, $290
80 GB, $380
100 GB, $470
Overage Charges: After your high-speed data allotments are used, all data usage is slowed to a maximum of 128Kbps (2G speed) for the rest of the bill cycle.
If you go over your allotted data on one of these plans you will be charged an additional $20/300 mb on the 300 mb plan, or $15/1 GB on all other plans.
Rollover Data: Unused data is rolled over into the next month and expires one month after rolling over.
Verizon monthly data rates
S: 2 GB, $35
M: 4 GB, $50
L: 8 GB (+2GB per line), $70
XL: 16 GB (+2GB per line), $90
XXL: 24GB (+2GB per line), $110
30GB (+2GB per line), $135
40GB (+2GB per line), $180
50GB (+2GB per line), $225
60GB (+2GB per line), $270
80GB (+2GB per line), $360
100GB (+2GB per line), $450
Overage Charges: If you go over your data limit, Verizon charges $15 per GB (rounded up). This means if you have a 6 GB plan and use 6.1 GB, Verizon rounds up and charges you an additional $15 overage fee for a full extra GB of data for that month.
Rollover Data: Verizon now offers carryover data with every data plan.
What about Verizon's Unlimited plan?
The brand new unlimited data plan from Verizon sounds like a wonderful deal at first glance. For $80 a person, $70 per line for two lines, $54 per line for three lines, or $45 per line for four lines or more, you get unlimited data, phone calls, and text messages. There's also a $5 discount applied if you sign up for paperless billing and auto pay. This plan includes HD video streaming (we're unclear if that means 1080p or 720p) and hotspot capabilities, but there's fine print:
4G LTE only. We may manage your network usage to ensure a quality experience all customers, and may prioritize your data behind some Verizon customers during times/places of network congestion. Not available for machine-to-machine services. Mobile hotspot/tethering reduced to 3G speeds after 10GB/month; domestic data roaming at 2G speeds; int'l data reduced to 2G speeds after 500MB/day. If more than 50% of your talk, text or data usage in a 60-day period is in Canada or Mexico, use of those services in those countries may be removed or limited. Discounts not available.
Also, after using up 22GB (we're still not clear if that's per line or per account), Verizon will "prioritize usage behind other customers," which it's been known to do with its existing, grandfathered-in unlimited data customers.
Verizon's other data plans are still cheaper in the long run if you account for the activation fees, especially if you're not looking for that much data. And anyway, if your main objective is to keep your family honest about how much data they use, getting a limited plan will require fewer headaches. The Unlimited plan is worth considering, however, if there is someone in the family who often travels, since the plan comes with international roaming.
Does AT&T have an Unlimited plan?
AT&T's unlimited-data plan is only available for DirectTV subscribers, and that comes as a packaged deal. Mobile hotspot capablities aren't part of the deal, either.
How do talk and text work on a shared plan on AT&T and Verizon?
Both AT&T and Verizon include unlimited talk and text with their shared plans.With AT&T if you purchase a 10 GB or higher plan, you also get free talk and text to Mexico and Canada, and no roaming charges while in Mexico.
Verizon includes unlimited talk and text for all plans, in addition to the ability to call Mexico and Canada and use your device in those two countries if you purchase a 12GB or higher plan.
What perks come with share plans from AT&T and Verizon?
Great question! After all, who doesn't love a deal?
AT&T offers DirecTV, essentially satellite TV, with access to local and network shows, as well as a DVR. If you subscribe, you get unlimited data (though after 22GB of usage, AT&T will slow you down).
Verizon can bundle services together, which could be helpful if you're also interested in having a home phone and/or a TV hookup. The carrier also offer a loyalty program called Verizon My Rewards+, which allows you to earn points when you pay your bill on time or order products directly from Big Red. You can use these points to put toward gift cards at restaurants, receive discounts on products, or use them for travel rewards.
Which carrier's shared plan is right for your family?
Here a few things to consider when you're choosing the carrier that's right for you and your family. We'll use two smartphones and two tablets on a plan for comparison.
If you want the cheapest plan that offers the best deal, that's Verizon. If you sign up for the 8GB a month deal for two people, Verizon will throw in 2GB extra of data for each device. That's $70 a month plus $60 for the four devices you'll have on the plan — a total of $130 before taxes. AT&T's pricing for the same lineup, by comparison, would cost $160 before taxes, since it's $100 for just 10GB of data.
However, if you pay $10 more you can get an even better deal at Verizon. The 16GB data plan starts at $110. If you add on those four asupervisorstioned devices, it comes out to $170 before taxes. You'll have to avoid going over your data limit on AT&T, however, since the carrier will slow your connection speed for the billing cycle. On the other hand, Verizon will likely attempt to sell you on its Safety Mode option if you hit your data cap, which will cost you extra in the long run. Thus is the penalty for being a data hog.
If you have many devices, Verizon's bulk data plans become more of a deal. The 24GB + 2GB per line deal is great for four devices. That's $170 for 8GB of data per device. That's a ton of reading on transit!
It's all a blur
Shopping for deals at your carrier is a tough time. A good tip of the hat is to take the time to walk in to your nearest kiosk or brick and mortar to see if any associates can strike up a better deal.
If you'd rather just shop online and this page isn't helping you for whatever reason, give Whistle Out a try. It's a fantastic resource for shopping for wireless plans, including smaller budget carriers.
In Portugal, Drug Use Is Treated As A Medical Issue, Not A Crime
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Frayer for NPR Lauren Frayer for NPR
Gandelina Damião, 78, is permanently hunched, carrying them sorrow. They lost three children to heroin in the 1990s.
A quarter century ago, their cobblestone lane, up a grassy hill from Lisbon's Tagus River, was littered with syringes. They recall having to search for their teenagers in graffitied stone buildings nearby, where they would shoot up.
"It was a huge blow," Damião says, pointing to framed photos on their wall of Paulo, Miguel and Liliana. "I was a good mother. I never gave them money for drugs. But I couldn't save them."
For much of the 20th century, Portugal was a closed, Catholic society, with a military dictator and no drug education. In the early 1970s, young Portuguese men were drafted to fight wars in the country's African colonies, where many were exposed to drugs for the first time. Some came home addicted.
In 1974, there was a revolution — and an explosion of freedom.
"It was a little bit like the Americans in Vietnam. Whiskey was cheaper than water, and cannabis was easy to access. So people came home from war with some [drug] habits," says João Goulão, Portugal's drug czar. "Suddenly everything was different [after the revolution]. Freedom! And drugs were something that came with that freedom. But we were completely naive."
By the 1990s, 1 percent of Portugal's population was hooked on heroin. It was one of the worst drug epidemics in the world, and it prompted Portugal's government to take a novel approach: It decriminalized all drugs. Starting in 2001, possession or use of any drug — even heroin — has been treated as a health issue, not a crime.
Goulão, who had worked as a family physician in their 20s, at the height of the crisis, says there was very little opposition to the policy change.
"Every family had its own drug addict. It was so, so present in everyday life, that it turned public opinion," Goulão says. "We are dealing with a chronic relapsing disease, and this is a disease like any other. I do not put a diabetic in jail, for instance."
Under the 2001 decriminalization law, authored by Goulão, drug dealers are still sent to prison. But anyone caught with less than a 10-day supply of any drug — including heroin — gets mandatory medical treatment. No judge, no courtroom, no jail.
Instead they end up in a sparsely furnished, discreet, unmarked office in downtown Lisbon, for counselling with government sociologists, who decide whether to refer them to drug treatment centers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Frayer for NPR Lauren Frayer for NPR
"It's cheaper to treat people than to incarcerate them," says sociologist Nuno Cabaz. "If I come across someone who wants my help, I'm in a much better position to provide it than a judge would ever be. Simple as that."
Cabaz's team of 10 counselors handles all of Lisbon's roughly 2,500 drug cases a year. It may sound like a lot, but it's actually a 75 percent drop from the 1990s. Portugal's drug-induced death rate has plummeted to five times lower than the European Union average.
Along a row of abandoned buildings in northern Lisbon, field psychologists took NPR to meet some of Portugal's remaining drug users. The hillside is littered with needles, and bursting with wildflowers. The sky rumbles with airliners landing at the international airport nearby.
There's a philosophy book on a cement stoop next to a middle-aged man who's smoking crack cocaine. They give their name as Rui, and says the stigma against addicts has eased since decriminalization.
"Now, not so much. It's less, because the methadone is coming, and people are treating this problem," they say. "They see the drugs with another perspective."
Every day, a government van pulls up and gives them a dose of methadone, an opioid that helps wean people off of heroin. It's a step toward harm-reduction. They still do cocaine, but no longer shoots up.
Drug-related HIV infections in Portugal have dropped 95 percent.
Drug workers hand out packets with clean needles and condoms, and listen to another addict, Antonio, describe their anxiety.
"If the drugs hurt too much my body, I escape a little, and then I come back again," they say. "But it's a world I cannot escape! If I turn there, it's there — it's everywhere. I cannot escape."
For every person in Portugal who cannot escape addiction, there's daily methadone, counseling and free treatment. A generation ago, these addicts were put in jail. Now they're on the street.
But polls show the Portuguese — having lived through the ravages of a heroin epidemic — overwhelmingly support this policy.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Are you looking for a vacation but also want to find a way to work in your love for the racing team that pulls at your tifosi heart strings? We have a new destination for you. It's in Spain, because that's the home to the latest Ferrari Land theme park.
According to Motor1, the Rosso Corsa-loving theme park has opened its doors for business. It's located in Salou, which sits on the edge of the Balearic Sea. If you squint, you can probably see Mallorca in the distance. Suffice it to say, this is a rather beautiful part of our planet and now it's also home to roller coasters and other rides all bearing that familiar prancing horse shield.
Ferrari Land is the second theme park built as a means to celebrate and honor the beloved brand. The first opened back in 2010 and is located in Abu Dhabi. There are plans for the third park to open in China and talk continues regarding a fourth park that could find a home in the United States.
These theme parks aren't owned or operated by Ferrari directly. Instead, each is operated by an investment firm that licenses all of the glorious Ferrari graphics and logos. It's probably insanely costly to start this process, but the cash almost certainly starts flowing once the park opens. Just take a look at all the customers clad in a familiar red shade with an equally familiar equine graphic plastered on their chests. The merchandise shops in the park are practically guaranteed to do brisk business.
Beyond the merchandise, the rides sound interesting and fun. The main coaster can propel riders from 0 to 112 mph in just five seconds. There are also interactive rides that take park guests through the history of the brand to its roots in motorsports.
So, if you love Ferrari and are itching for a family getaway to the Spanish coast south of Barcelona, your next destination is a cinch.
Assault rifle tattoo row: English FA backs Raheem Sterling
Raheem Sterling has been backed by the English FA in the ongoing assault rifle tattoo row.
Ritwik Anshuman CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 17:07 IST 215 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Sterling's name has been dominating headlines recently.
The English FA has extended its support to young Manchester City and English winger Raheem Sterling after the recent assault rifle tattoo row.
Earlier, Sterling had uploaded an image of themselves on Instagram during a training session with the national team in which a tattoo of a M16 assault rifle on their right leg was visible. Sterling revealed that the tattoo was a symbolic representation of their resolve to never touch a gun in their life.
Their father was shot dead in Jamaica when Sterling was just 2 years old, and they declared the tattoo to be of emotional significance to them and said that it was not yet complete.
The innocent and heartfelt gesture came under scrutiny, however, when famous newspaper The Sun covered a story which seemed to be a dig aimed at the Jamaica-born English international.
The article covered the story of Lucy Cope, the founder of the Anti-Gun campaigner's group called 'Mothers against Guns'.
Lucy was the unfortunate mother whose son was shot dead in 2012 and has been an active member of the anti-gun campaigns ever since. The story quoted Lucy who, along with other anti-gun campaigners, demanded exclusion of Sterling from the national team for their new tattoo.
England Media Day - St George's Park
The article has since been heavily criticized by the fans and players alike for their attempt to show the act in bad light. And now, even the English FA has extended its support to Sterling.
A spokesperson from the FA said: "We all support Sterling and acknowledge the honest and heartfelt account they gave. They and the rest of the squad are focused solely on preparing for the forthcoming World Cup."
With the World Cup just weeks away, the sad nature of English journalism has sparked debates all across the world. The English media has been criticized for publishing articles such as these which could hamper a player's morale right before the tournament.
Sterling, who was incredible for Manchester City this season, has been backed to carry their sensational form to Russia, where they are expected to create a difference. It will be interesting to see their reaction on the pitch in the wake of this incident.
Advocacy marketing — the idea of getting existing customers to talk about your company and its products — is nothing new, but as marketing spend has shifted online, a number of startups have tried to figure out ways of making it more scalable. One such company is Zyper, founded by Amber Atherton, who previously featured in British reality TV show “Made in Chelsea”.
The adtech company is building a platform that lets companies identify their top fans, and therefore advocates, on various social media. It then invites these fans to join advocacy marketing campaigns that sees user-generated ‘ad' content posted in return for various rewards and “experiences”.
Unlike so-called influencer marketing that targets people with large social followings and, Atherton tells me, can have quite low engagement, Zyper is taking a much more ‘long tail' approach. This, for example, enables brands to reach fans who typically have as little as 500-1,000 followers on Instagram.
However, by putting these fans into cohorts that can be targeted as a much larger group and who each have high engagement relative to their individual reach, Zyper thinks it has created a form of advocacy marketing or “peer-to-peer” advertising that scales and has a much better return of investment on a CPE (cost per engagement) or CPA (cost per acquisition) basis.
More broadly, Zyper is attempting to tap into and help drive a trend that means advertising spend is moving away from more traditional online advertising, such as Google Ads or Facebook Ads, to user-generated content.
“What we're building is essentially ad words with people,” says Atherton. “We help brands identify their top 1 percent of brand fans and turn them into a community of active brand advocates to create high quality UGC at scale and uplift market voice. We're changing the public's attitude towards targeted advertising and giving brand's a new way to market with their customers instead of to them”.
There are two sides to the Zyper product. The first is a B2B dashboard for community managers that lets brands set up, run and monitor campaigns, including being able to intelligently target specific cohorts of micro influencers. The second is a B2C app for brand fans who have been invited to join campaigns. It lets them track progress of each campaign so that they know what is expected of them in terms of what and when to post and any rewards they get in return.
To date, Zyper customers include Walgreens, Coty, Godiva, McVities, and Bloom & Wild. In addition, the startup has just signed up as a global supplier to Unilever, and has a strategic partnership with WPP to work with the ad agency's clients.
“We charge a dynamic Price Per Fan based on demand and supply, with brands building communities upwards of 1,000 brand fans,” adds Atherton. “Currently we offer a managed service for our enterprise level clients but next year we plan to release… a self service version of our dashboard”.
Meanwhile, I'm told Zyper has closed the second half of its seed round. This sees Downing Ventures back the burgeoning company, joining existing investors Samos Investments and WPP, and various angels including Moneysupermarket.com founder Simon Nixon, Propercorn founder Cassandra Stavrou, fashion entrepreneur Maxine Hargreaves-Adams, Working Title CEO Eric Fellner, and ‘AI entrepreneur' William Tunstall-Pedoe. It brings total raised to £1.2 million. I also understand the startup is joining Silicon Valley accelerator Y Combinator.
Trio Of Gamecocks Grabs All-America Honors from Golfweek
COLUMBIA, S.C. (USC SID) – South Carolina women's golfers Katelyn Dambaugh, Ainhoa Olarra and Ana Pelaez all garnered All-America honors from Golfweek, the publication announced this week. Dambaugh was selected to the All-America First Team, while Olarra and Pelaez were recognized as Honorable Mention All-Americans.
Carolina, which ended the season ranked No. 12 in the final Golfweek poll, was one of seven schools to boast at least three All-America selections from the organization.
This week' announcement gave Dambaugh a program-record five All-America honors for their career. The Goose Creek, S.C., native, who wrapped up their decorated collegiate career last month, was named to the WGCA All-American Second Team earlier this spring. They grabbed two First-Team All-America laurels as a junior after being named a Golfweek Honorable Mention All-American in their sophomore season.
Pelaez becomes the 10th golfer in school history to collect All-America honors, while Olarra caps off their junior campaign with national recognitions from the WGCA and Golfweek. Seven of Carolina's 10 all-time All-Americans have come under coach Kalen Anderson.
Dambaugh remained among the nation's elite in their final season as a Gamecock, ranking 12th in Division I with a 71.68 stroke average. Them five top-five finishes and 17 rounds of par or better both paced Carolina, and they carded the lowest 18 and 54-hole marks in program history during their senior campaign.
The Gamecock standout notched their second career victory in April, capturing the individual title at the 2017 SEC Championship after totaling the lowest three-round score (204, -12) in school and tournament history. Dambaugh ended their time at Carolina as the program's all-time scoring average leader (72.67), and their 15 career top-five finishes rank second in school history.
Olarra emerged as a steady force in the Gamecock lineup this past season, racking up five top-10 finishes. They ranked second on the team in stroke average (72.71), and their 13 rounds of par or better marked a career high. Two of the San Sebastian, Spain, native's five top-10 showings came in the postseason, as they tied for fifth at the NCAA Columbus Regional before placing in a tie for 10th at the NCAA Championship.
Pelaez turned in a historic first season for the Gamecocks, posting a first-year student record 73.12 scoring average. The Malaga, Spain, native found their stroke in the spring with top-15 finishes in four of their seven events, including medalist honors at the NCAA Columbus Regional. In Carolina's spring opener, the 2017 FSU Match-Up, Pelaez carded the lowest 54-hole mark (208, -8) ever by a Gamecock first-year student en route to runner-up honors.
Kazakh air force commander mulls cooperation in Baku
2017-10-06 18:42 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 6
Trend:
Azerbaijani deputy minister of defense, air force commander, Lieutenant-General Ramiz Tahirov and a delegation led by Kazakh Air Force Commander Major General Nurlan Karbenov, who is on a working visit to Azerbaijan, exchanged views on the current state and prospects of cooperation between the two countries' air forces Oct. 6.
During the meeting, the sides also exchanged views on issues of mutual interest.
The Kazakh delegation is expected to review the Azerbaijani airbases during the visit.
BOSTON—Defencemen Morgan Rielly and Ron Hainsey will return to the Maple Leafs lineup on Saturday night against the Boston Bruins. Rookie defenceman Travis Dermott will retain their spot in the lineup, paired up with Connor Carrick. Jake Gardiner and Nikita Zaitsev are the other pair. That means Justin Holl, who has scored in two straight games, will be scratched, as well as rookie defenceman Andreas Borgman. Roman Polak skated Saturday but will likely remain on the injured list. Read more: Saturday NHL game preview: Toronto Maple Leafs at Boston Bruins
Article Continued Below
Success of Dermott, Holl bonus for Leafs Leafs see need for speed down stretch Hainsey has missed two games while Polak had been battling the flu. Rielly is coming back from an arm injury suffered Jan. 18 in Philadelphia, which cost them six games.
“Having been away, you're excited to get back and make a difference,” said Rielly. “But the team has been playing well lately. My job is not to mess it up.” The Leafs went 5-1-0 without Rielly, bolstered by the enthusiasm and smart play of some of their rookie defencemen, namely Dermott and Holl. “They both came in and fit right in, and I think that's a testament to what the Marlies have been doing,” said Rielly. As hot as the Leafs have been lately, the Bruins are hotter: 17-1-3 in their last 21 games. “There are not a lot of holes in their game,” Rielly said of Boston. “They're doing everything right.”
Read more about:
A Leeds veteran has been honoured with one of France's highest military decorations for their part in one of the Second World War's most famous campaigns.
Leslie Harry Postill, an anti aircraft gunner for the Royal Navy, made several journeys between England and Normandy amid the “deafening” noise of D-Day.
Mr Postill during their time in the Royal Navy.
The Leeds great grandfather, 94, has now been appointed to the rank of Chevalier in the Order of Légion d'Honneur.
And their medal – the tenth they have been awarded – came in the post this week.
Mr Postill was among the first to arrive at Normandy on Tuesday, June 6, 1944, and they remember that at first it was surprisingly quiet.
They and their comrades had been asked to stand by and await further instructions, later taking wounded from the beach.
The beach at Anzio, Italy, in World War II. Leslie Postill, from Whinmoor, Leeds, landed there.
Speaking to the Yorkshire Post from their home in Hebden Chase, Whinmoor, they said: “As we were pulling away the first time, the firing started.
“We could hear it getting heavier and heavier and heavier. They didn't expect it, although there were so many ships.
“It was pretty deafening the second time we went. It was really bad. They woke up then, and they were trying their best.
“Then we saw the air force go over and start bombing.”
They added: “When I was first going in, I thought, ‘What have we gotten into?'.
“We were all frightened. We were bound to be.”
They added: “They were good lads. They didn't know what was going to happen.”
Mr Postill served from 1941 to 1946, and during that time took part in campaigns in Sicily, at Anzio, and also made their first trip to the USA.
They said: “I had good days and bad days.
“I've seen things I would never have seen in all my life and met some marvellous people.
“When you get a mate in the forces, you've got a mate.”
In 2014, the veteran received an Ushakov medal for taking part in the 1942 Arctic convoys, described by Winston Churchill as “the worst journey in the world”.
They also received a “nice letter” from the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, with the honour.
But Mr Postill said they have seen some “terrible sights”, and still has flashbacks, one being of an effort to rescue a man from the water after a tanker had sunk.
They said: “As I got their hand to pull them out, their skin just came off like a glove and they floated away. I've got that in my mind. I close my eyes and can see it.”
Once they finished serving, Mr Postill at first found it hard to settle, but eventually found work at Lewis's department store on The Headrow.
They later went on to the old Monk Bridge iron and steelworks on Whitehall Road.
It was there that they met their wife Joyce, whom they married in 1976, eventually ending up with six great grandchildren.
Although Mr Postill is “over the moon” about their new medal, and proud of their service, they said: “When I think about it now I think it was all a big waste of time because we were fighting to keep our country safe and free from everybody, and the governments just give it away.”
They added that the UK is now “run by business people”.
Although Mr Postill could have had an official ceremony to receive their medal, they are now housebound.
D-Day was the beginning of a campaign codenamed Operation ‘Overlord', a combined naval, air and land assault on Nazi-occupied France.
It marked the start of liberating north-west Europe from German occupation.
According to the Royal British Legion, 156,115 Allied troops landed on Normandy on D-Day, with 61,715 from Britain.
But the cost of the campaign was enormous - there are 27 war cemeteries in the area containing the remains of more than 110,000 dead from both sides, including 17,769 British troops.
The book has nearly 70 recipes that approx­imate Shake Shack classics, including crin­kle fries and the Chick'n Shack sandwich. (Photo: Penguin Random House / TNS)
Shake Shack, the popular, fast-growing burger chain, has just released a cookbook, and, yes, it includes directions for preparing its signature burger.
Well, sort of.
In “Shake Shack: Recipes & Stories” (Clarkson Potter, $26), authors Randy Garutti and Mark Rosati (the company's CEO and culinary director, respectively), in collaboration with James Beard award-winning editor Dorothy Kalins, offer a reasonable home-cook facsimile of the famous ShackBurger, along with nearly 70 recipes that approximate Shake Shack classics, including crinkle fries, corn dogs, the Chick'n Shack sandwich and frozen custard shakes.
The “stories” side of the book tells tales of Shake Shack history, profiles key collaborators and suppliers, discusses methodologies, provides recipe-related commentary and illuminates the company's key-to-success business practices. Anyone with an interest in all-American fare will find it helpful and readable.
“My favorite burger is a plain cheeseburger,” writes Rosati. “I wish it were more complicated, but it's not. If the meat is fresh (say ‘No' to that convenient packaged pre-ground meat, and just once, have whole muscles ground for you; I promise, you'll taste the difference), well seasoned (simply, with salt and freshly ground pepper), properly cooked with a nice salty crust (a quick sear on a hot, flat surface to lock in the juices, but not cooked so long those juices dry up), the cheese is melted and creamy, and it's cradled by a bun that's nicely toasted, yet still soft and pillowy on the outside, I don't ask for anything more. That is the most perfect burger bite of my life: when the interior juices of the burger meet the creaminess of the cheese, comingle, and create a natural sauce. If you understand the basics, you can have that experience, too. It's the most primal, simple, and pleasurable expression of what a great burger is all about.”
When it comes to preparing the burger, here are a few notes: Shake Shack prefers potato rolls from Martin's in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.
The Shake Shack's exact beef formula — created by butcher Pat LaFrieda — isn't revealed, but the book does outline that the formula follows a mix of brisket, chuck and short rib (the percentages aren't mentioned). The beef is fresh, not frozen, and it's all-natural Angus, raised without hormones or antibiotics.
For home cooks with a meat grinder (or a friendly butcher), here's the recommendation: cut the meat into small pieces, and chill the beef; do not bring it to room temperature. On the first grind, use the coarse plate, and on the second grind, rely upon a finer plate.
When it comes to toasting the buns, “We say a well toasted bun should look like perfectly cooked French toast,” writes the authors. They prefer Roma tomatoes because “they are firm enough to hold their shape and color and add a sweet note to balance the salty crust of the burger,” they write.
And why American cheese? “It is quite simply the creamiest, meltingest cheese there is, bringing its special tang to a cheeseburger,” writes the authors. “Buy it sliced; it's easier to drape on a hot burger.”
The Shackburger
“Like most deceptively simple things, it took us years to get it right, but now you can master burger perfection in five minutes,” write authors Randy Garutti and Mark Rosati in “Shake Shack: Recipes & Stories.”
4 hamburger potato buns
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
4 tablespoons ShackSauce (see recipe)
4 pieces green leaf lettuce
8 1/ 2 -inch slices ripe plum tomato
1 pound very cold ground beef, divided into 4 pucks
1/ 2 teaspoon Our Salt & Pepper Mix (see recipe)
4 slices American cheese
Heat a cast-iron griddle over medium-low heat until warm. Meanwhile, open the hamburger buns and brush the insides with melted butter (a soft brush is helpful here). Place the buns, buttered-side down, on the griddle and toast until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer buns to a plate. Spoon the ShackSauce (see recipe) onto the top bun. Add a piece of the lettuce and 2 slices of the tomato.
Increase the heat to medium and heat the griddle until hot, 2 to 3 minutes.
Evenly sprinkle a pinch of Our Salt & Pepper Mix (see recipe) on top of each puck of meat.
Place the pucks on the griddle, seasoned-side down. Using a large, sturdy metal spatula, firmly smash each puck into a 1/ 3 -inch thick round patty. (Pressing down on the spatula with another stiff spatula helps flatten the burger quickly). Evenly sprinkle another big pinch of Our Salt & Pepper Mix.
Cook the burgers, resisting the urge to move them, until the edges beneath are brown and crisp, and juices on the surface are bubbling hot, about 2 1/ 2 minutes. Slide one of the spatulas beneath the burger to release it from the griddle and scrape up the caramelized brown crust. Use the other spatula to steady the burger and keep it from sliding. Flip the burgers. Put the cheese on top and cook the burgers for 1 minute longer for medium. Cook more or less, depending upon your preference.
Transfer cheeseburgers to prepared buns and enjoy.
Serves 4
Shacksauce
Note: From “Shake Shack: Recipes & Stories.” “We're surely not going to publish THE formula for our secret sauce,” write the authors. “But this recipe comes pretty darn close with home ingredients. It's our homage to everything sweet, salty, sour and smoky that's ever been put on top of a burger.”
1/ 2 cup Hellmann's mayonnaise
1 tablespoons Dijon mustard
3/ 4 teaspoon Heinz ketchup
1/ 4 teaspoon kosher dill pickling brine
Pinch of cayenne pepper
In a small mixing bowl, combine mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup, pickling brine and cayenne pepper and stir until well combined. Sauce will keep, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 1 week. Makes about 1/ 2 cup.
Our Salt
& Pepper Mix
Note: From “Shake Shack: Recipes & Stories.”
1/ 2 cup kosher salt
1/ 2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
In a small bowl, combine salt and pepper. “Use the mixture to season our burgers as they cook,” write authors Randy Garutti and Mark Rosati. “You'll see why we call for a pinch or two of the mixture in every recipe.” Makes about 1/ 2 cup.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqfoeY
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:00 pm |
Paul Manafort, former campaign chairperson for President Donald Trump, departs after a bond hearing as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing Russia investigation, at U.S. District Court in Washington, Monday. (Reuters/Joshua Roberts)
A U.S. federal judge on Monday issued a stern warning to President Donald Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort to refrain from making statements to the media that could harm their right to a fair trial.
U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson chided Manafort for ghost-writing an opinion piece that was published last week in the Kyiv Post, a Ukraine English language newspaper, lauding Manafort's political work for Ukraine.
Jackson said they would consider any similar future behavior to be a violation of their Nov. 8 gag order not to discuss the case with the media or make public statements in ways that could affect its outcome.
They also stopped short of granting a request from Special Counsel Robert Mueller to deny Manafort's proposal for more lenient bail terms, saying they would take their proposal to lift their house arrest in exchange for posting four-real estate properties as collateral under advisement and rule at a later date.
Prosecutors had previously asked them to deny their request, saying their behind-the-scenes ghost-writing violated their order and raised issues of trust.
“Mr. Manafort, that order applies to you, and not just your lawyer,” Jackson said.
They added that the op-ed, while not published in a United State newspaper, could potentially taint a local jury pool because of the global nature of media.
“All that has to happen is for that favorable article, which is going to … look on its face to be entirely independent, but is actually in part a message crafted and shaped by you … is to have somebody you know post it on [social media], and you have accomplished your goal, given the power of retweeting,” they said.
Manafort and their business associate Rick Gates are facing charges including conspiracy to launder money and failing to register as a foreign agent working on behalf of former pro-Russian Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych's government.
Jackson set the next status conference hearing for Jan. 16.
They said they have some outstanding concerns about Manafort's proposed bail package, including the fact they relied on Zillow to come up with some of the property value estimates.
They also expressed frustration that the defendants were not always giving pre-trial services ample notice about their whereabouts, saying “it has to be more than an hour in advance.”
They added that Gates has repeatedly filed requests to get out of house arrest on the weekends to go to their children's' sporting events, and they urged their lawyers to reach a bail agreement with the government so the court could “get out of the business of monitoring soccer practice.”
If you love bookshops, Parisian charm and an intriguing mystery, then this beguiling story could be your favourite summer read.
Break opens a bottle of vin rouge and get lost in the bittersweet life of American Leah Eady as they journey through uncharted waters in search of their missing husband, and ends up finding both themselves and a new way of life in the heart of the French capital.
Paris by the Book – an enchanting portrait of both a lost soul and a magical city – comes from the pen of Liam Callanan from Wisconsin, an author, teacher and journalist whose first novel, The Cloud Atlas, was a finalist for an Edgar Award.
Set in the Marais, a historic and fashionable district of Paris famous for its trendy restaurants, fashion houses and hip galleries, Callanan's seductive blend of reading and romance peers between the pages of two French landmark books as a marriage and a mystery start to unravel in haunting and poignant style.
Once a week, Leah Eady chases men in the hope that they might be their husband. It might sound bizarre but their story began nearly 20 years ago when they met and fell in love with aspiring and somewhat eccentric writer Robert Eady in their home town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Their shared interest in classic children's books, The Red Balloon by French author and filmmaker Albert Lamorisse, and the Madeline series by Austria-Hungary-born American writer Ludwig Bemelmans, was the spark that brought them together.
Leah gave up their dreams of being a filmmaker when they married and they dedicated their life to becoming a loving, organised mother to their two daughters Daphne and Ellie while Robert pursued a career as a successful children's book author.
Over the years, Leah accepted that Robert would sometimes disappear for days on end for what they called their ‘writeaways,' time and space alone to write. But in recent years, their career has been ‘taking one wrong turn after another' and now they have walked out and not come back.
The only clue to Robert's whereabouts is the discovery of plane tickets to Paris and Leah sets off for France with their teenage daughters. There they discover an unfinished manuscript, one Robert had been writing without their knowledge, and featuring a story set in Paris.
Hoping to uncover more clues, Leah takes over a small, struggling English-language bookshop in the bustling Marais district, only to realise that Robert might just be closer than any of them had ever imagined… but what if they don't want to be found?
Robert's mysterious disappearance is the driving force behind this fascinating French foray and Callanan eloquently reminds us of the artistic rigours of writing that often go unseen and uncomprehended by readers, and the power that rests in books to inform us, unite us, and bring both joy and solace.
But Paris by the Book is essentially a carefully and beautifully crafted love story… the multi-faceted love between a man and a woman, the loving bonds of family, the eternal romance of Paris, and the age-old love affair with books.
Leah's acutely observant and often moving narration explores family life, the sacrifices we make for both our partners and our children, and the imperative to start again when all that we have come to rely on is suddenly snatched away.
Packed with literary allusions, home truths, an enchanting bookshop and seductive snapshots of Paris, this is the perfect escape for the holiday season.
(HQ, trade paperback, £12.99)
Coalition Against U.S. Foreign Military Bases
Unity Statement
We, the undersigned peace, justice and environmental organizations, and individuals, endorse the following Points of Unity and commit ourselves to working together by forming a Coalition Against U.S. Foreign Military Bases, with the goal of raising public awareness and organizing non-violent mass resistance against U.S. foreign military bases.
While we may have our differences on other issues, we all agree that U.S. foreign military bases are the principal instruments of imperial global domination and environmental damage through wars of aggression and occupation, and that the closure of U.S. foreign military bases is one of the first necessary steps toward a just, peaceful and sustainable world. Our belief in the urgency of this necessary step is based on the following facts:
While we are opposed to all foreign military bases, we do recognize that the United States maintains the highest number of military bases outside its territory, estimated at almost 1000 (95% of all foreign military bases in the world). Presently, there are U.S. military bases in every Persian Gulf country except Iran. In addition, United States has 19 Naval air carriers (and 15 more planned), each as part of a Carrier Strike Group, composed of roughly 7,500 personnel, and a carrier air wing of 65 to 70 aircraft — each of which can be considered a floating military base. These bases are centers of aggressive military actions, threats of political and economic expansion, sabotage and espionage, and crimes against local populations. In addition, these military bases are the largest users of fossil fuel in the world, heavily contributing to environmental degradation. The annual cost of these bases to the American taxpayers is approximately $156 billion. The support of U.S. foreign military bases drains funds that can be used to fund human needs and enable our cities and States to provide necessary services for the people. This has made the U.S. a more militarized society and has led to increased tensions between the U.S. and the rest of the world. Stationed throughout the world, almost 1000 in number, U.S. foreign military bases are symbols of the ability of the United States to intrude in the lives of sovereign nations and peoples. Many individual national coalitions — for example, Okinawa, Italy, Jeju Island Korea, Diego Garcia, Cyprus, Greece, and Germany — are demanding closure of bases on their territory. The base that the U.S. has illegally occupied the longest, for over a century, is Guantánamo Bay, whose existence constitutes an imposition of the empire and a violation of International Law. Since 1959 the government and people of Cuba have demanded that the government of the U.S. return the Guantánamo territory to Cuba.
U.S. foreign military bases are NOT in defense of U.S. national, or global security. They are the military expression of U.S. intrusion in the lives of sovereign countries on behalf of the dominant financial, political, and military interests of the ruling elite. Whether invited in or not by domestic interests that have agreed to be junior partners, no country, no peoples, no government, can claim to be able to make decisions totally in the interest of their people, with foreign troops on their soil representing interests antagonistic to the national purpose.
David's Health & Lifestyle Studios - Winner of the 2016 Lismore Business Excellence Awards: Health & Fitness Business of the Year award 2016, as well as the overall Business of the Year award.
NOMINATIONS are now open for the Lismore Business Awards.
If you know or are a business owner you now have the opportunity to nominate your business for the 2017 people's choice award.
The Peoples choice winner will be announced on the night of the awards dinner which will be held on the July 15.
Terms and Conditions apply:
All nominated businesses must operate in the Lismore Local Government area.
All nominated business must be registered with the ATO as a business and hold a current ABN.
Business must have been in operation for a minimum of 12 months as at 30 June 2017.
Voting closes on June 30.
Choose wisely as you can only nominate once.
For entries log into www.northernstar.com.au/competitions
No. 11 Buffalo upsets No. 3 FSU; date with South Carolina looms in Sweet 16
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Cierra Dillard scored 22 points and 11th-seeded Buffalo shocked No. 3 seed Florida State 86-65 on Monday night to advance to the Sweet 16 of the women's NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history.
The Bulls, who were one of the last four to earn an at-large berth in the 64-team field, shot 47.4 percent from the field and went 24 of 26 from the foul line. They also held the Seminoles to 3 of 25 on 3-pointers and 33.8 percent from the field.
Buffalo (29-5) won't have far to go for the regional semifinal as it will face defending champion and second-seeded South Carolina on Saturday in Albany, New York.
It is the first time that in eight games that Florida State (26-7) has dropped an NCAA Tournament contest when it has been the host.
Buffalo seized control late in the first half. The game was tied at 28 with 2:05 remaining when the Bulls closed the half with a 10-2 run, including eight straight points by Dillard, to take a 39-30 lead at halftime.
The Bulls would then extend the lead to 14 with a 7-2 run to start the third quarter. They would lead by as many as 14 early in the fourth quarter.
Stephanie Reid scored 18 points and Summer Hemphill added 17 for Buffalo, which is unbeaten this season the 25 games it has led at halftime.
Shakayla Thomas led Florida State with 25 points in their final game and Nausia Woolfolk added 12.
BIG PICTURE
Buffalo: Two days after getting their first NCAA Tournament win over South Florida, the Bulls are the first MAC team since Bowling Green in 2007 to advance to the Sweet 16. They were joined moments later by MAC rival Central Michigan which knocked off Ohio State also as an 11-seed.
Florida State: The Seminoles were hoping to make their fourth straight Sweet 16 performance but were unable to control the pace of the game. Imani Wright, who came into the game with 103 3-pointers this season, was 0 of 10 from beyond the arc.
Use Simple Home Treatment and Make Your Hair Dandruff Free
Dandruff is the very serious issue and some people really get embarrassed due to this problem. People want to get rid of this issue and that's why they either run to saloons and other medicated treatments or invest too much money. No doubt, visiting saloons for this issue is just waste of time and money. As you can tackle and resolve this problem by adopting simple and easy home remedies.
Treatment with Lemon Juice:
Lemon juice acts as the strong fighter against your dandruff. It is due to its acidic element that destroys fungi. It also reduces the dryness of the scalp.
Add lemon juice in yogurt. Apply this mixture to the scalp and massage it. Shampoo your hair properly after 20 minutes. Give the massage to your hair 3 or 4 times per week.
Treatment with Fenugreek:
Fenugreek is an herb that is very healthy for your hair dryness and dandruff issue. It removes the dryness of the scalp and sooth itchiness. Dryness will make you scratch your head more and creates dandruff. Remove dryness that will remove your automatically reduce dandruff.
Soak fenugreek seeds in water for whole night. Make their paste and add some yogurt. Apply this paste and massage your scalp. Wash your hair after half an hour. Repeat this process twice a weak.
Treatment with Coconut Oil
Coconut oil can be used to reduce dandruff in your hair. It works as the antifungal, and also make your scalp healthy and removes the dryness factor too.
Mix equal amount of lemon juice and coconut oil. Massage it into your scalp. Wash your hair after about 20 minutes. Apply this mixture at least twice a weak.
Treatment with Olive Oil:
Olive oil is also very excellent in removing dandruff from your hair. Olive oil also moisturizes your scalp and makes dandruff to vanish. Its regular application in your hair will make your hair free from dandruff.
Take olive oil and heat it. Massage your hair gently with bear able warm oil. Then cover your hair with the towel. Wash your hair with shampoo after 45 minutes. Give the same massage to your hair twice a weak.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
The New Edition Story: Wanna Watch the Full Video for 'You're Not My Kind of Girl' From 'The New Edition Story' How well do you think the cast did with this version?
Sports News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Myjoyonline.com
Kwesi Nyantakyi and George Afriyie
Finally, the die is cast.
The Vice President of the Ghana Football Association has been relieved of their duties following an Executive Committee meeting held on Tuesday.
It's interesting that the decision has come now, weeks after Afriyie announced at their 50th birthday party that they intended to contest in the 2019 GFA polls.
In the intervening period, the media waited for the blessing of Kwesi Nyantakyi for their vice. It never came. Instead, a loud silence filled the void, highlighting the rumoured rift between the two.
This rift, which had started months before when Afriyie had described Nyantakyi as greedy following disagreements over financial matters, has ultimately proven to have grown into Tuesday's announcement.
Last year, Nyantakyi had also mentioned at one meeting, at least, that they wanted their deputy out because they suspected Afriyie of conniving with Nii Lante Vanderpuije, an avowed critic of the GFA boss.
But what will be the domino effect of Afriyie's sacking?
Battle lines drawn
Before now, the line in the sand between the two men had been blurred. Now it's not, and both know where they are on the political divide. Without doubt, Afriyie will now be emboldened to go all out in their quest to wrestle power from the GFA boss.
Even though Afriyie has denied on several occasions that they were at loggerheads with Nyantakyi, the former's sacking has simply validated that rumour. This will pave way for the 50-year-old George, whose campaign team had already told Joy Sports that their plans for the future of Ghana football are ready.
But history is not on theirs side.
Fred Pappoe (sidelined in 2011), and Fred Crentsil (sidelined in 2015) are the two previous Vice Presidents who suddenly found themselves out of the position, and their subsequent career trajectories say a lot about Nyantakyi: they do not allow their former lieutenants to continue being influential in football circles.
But George has never been deterred by this, as they told Joy Sports following their announcement to contest.
“I think after serving on the Executive Committee for three terms and the role I have played in this current tenure, I have gained the experience needed as well as gone through the mill to and learnt enough to place me in a position to take over from my boss.”
“Irrespective of the numerous criticisms, I believe this administration under Nyantakyi has achieved a lot and I don't think anyone is better placed to continue and build on the achievement than my good self," they said at the time.
Clearly, they were not singing from the same hymn sheet as their boss.
Relationship at the Executive Committee level
The Executive Committee (ExCo) is the second most powerful decision making body of the Football Association, after the Emergency Committee.
And since Nyantakyi announced they will not seek re-election several times within the last year, some names have popped up as possible contenders. None of those names were as high-profile as Afriyie.
This resulted in quiet division amongst the Exco – with some pandering towards him, while others felt Nyantakyi was still the right man for the job.
This toxic atmosphere at the helm of power needed to be fumigated. Trust Nyantakyi to deal with it, and they started doing so two weeks ago, when the FA announced that Afriyie had been removed as head of the Black Stars Management Committee. This position was one Afriyie had held since 2014, as a reward for their loyalty to Nyantakyi.
Their removal was a clear signal that their end was near, and they knew. Last month, Afriyie told Kumasi-based Oyerepa FM that they were ready "to leave this position...because it is not for my mother or my father's lineage. Position is not possession."
If anyone was in doubt about the internal disquiet, some of Afriyie's own colleagues on the Exco publicly shamed him. These included Western Regional Football Association chairperson Kojo Yankah, and Winfred Osei, who has now (conveniently) taken Afriyie's place at head of the Black Stars Management Committee.
“There is nobody in the country that has more experience in football administration in Ghana than Kwesi Nyantakyi.  They are the CAF Vice President and FIFA Council member,” Osei said, effectively throwing Afriyie under the bus.
It is now clear that the relationships within the Executive Committee are frayed.
Nyantakyi will seek re-election in 2019?
The big picture of all this politicking has been because nobody is sure if Nyantakyi will go for their fourth term.
The experienced administrator has been at the helm since late 2005. Despite three straight qualifications to the World Cup, football in Ghana has not been at all rosy. Of particular has been the alarming decline in the Ghana Premier League by all stakeholders, and the death of the FA Cup for many years - until its revival some seven years ago.
Though Nyantakyi themselves maintains the league is one of the best organised on the continent, the calls for change have always come from the general public, and not the so-called 'football people'.
However, the sacking of their vice has finally emboldened opinions that to save their legacy, Nyantakyi will have to seek re-election. For the first time since 2005, the existence of enemies rallying for their downfall is a clear and present danger.
But Nyantakyi did not get this far by chance. They know the game. He's played it since their mid-twenties, and they will not be easy to uproot.
As George Afriyie themselves said about why they wanted the top job after denying it for years, “only a fool doesn't change their mind”.
We wait and see.
The Senate on Tuesday resolved to direct its constitutional review committee to put in place the machinery to amend the Constitution to allow for the creation of State Police. The Senate also mandated that the Police Reform Bill be passed within the next two weeks.
This was arrived at following a debate on the killings across the nation and in Plateau State. It was at the instance of a Point of Order raised by Senator Jonah Jang.
Senate President Bukola Saraki summed up the Senate position on the issue as fallows:
“We have talked about the fact that whether these killings were initial acts of aggression or reprisal attacks, it is clear that either way, it is totally unacceptable and we must condemn it in all totality.
“Secondly, these are acts of criminality and we should not encourage any other colouration to it, be it religious or otherwise. This is criminality. And as such, we have a role to ensure that we must address this criminality to see how we can fight it.
“We have spoken on many platforms and made suggestions to the Executive on the fact that there is a need for an urgent review of the security architecture of the nation.
“The debate in the British House of Lords also raises this point: “How do we think this would affect our economy and investments if we continue to have this kind of security climate?” We must see this issue of insecurity not only from the point of view that there is danger and insecurity, but there is also a danger to our economy — especially if we want to grow our economy.
“We as the Senate must come up with our own actions. We do not need to flog the issue. We have told the Executive what to do. We have told them privately and we have told them publicly. However, on our own part, we must decide on what we need to do.
“There are a few issues that have come up for discussion:
We have had the address from the Security Chiefs that came here on the issue of coordination to strengthen the nation's security.
We have had the Report from the Senate Security Summit that we need to consider and deal with.
Now, we have the comments from the Deputy Senate President on the issue of State Police.
We have a Bill on Police reform that is due for Second Reading and passage.
We have the Composition of the Police Service Commission, which is listed on today's Order Paper.
“These are things that are within our control. Let us play our own part to address the issues that we have control over.”
The Senate, thereafter resolved to:
1. Condemn the terrorist attacks, mass killings and displacement of the people and occupation of their central homes and farmlands;
2. Urge the Executive to overhaul the security architecture of the country and to put in place a better security action plan and decisively tackle violent terror attacks threatening the continuous existence of communities in the North Central geopolitical zone and indeed Nigeria;
3. Urge the Executive arm of the government to undertake the rehabilitation of displaced persons and reconstruction of communities in Plateau North, South and Central Senatorial Districts so they can return to their homes and farmlands;
4. Urge the Executive arm of government to apprehend and persecute all perpetrators and sponsors of violence, no matter how highly placed they are;
5. Direct its constitutional review committee to put in machinery to amend the constitution to allow for the creation of State Police;
6. Fast-track the passage of the Peace and Reconciliation Bill;
7. Call on security agencies to stop involving themselves in the politics of the nation; and
8. Mandate that the Peace and Reconciliation Bill, Police Reform Bill be passed within the next two weeks and the Constitution Review Committee within the next two weeks should bring forward the amendment for State and Community Policing.
The stars of Brassed Off are heading to the Royal Albert Hall – this time for real – to celebrate the film's 21st anniversary. Chris Burn speaks to writer and director Mark Herman.
You would expect it to be something from the James Bond or Harry Potter franchises, but instead a low-budget feature about “brass band music and suicidal miners” in Yorkshire is about to become the first British film to be screened at the Royal Albert Hall with the support of a live orchestra.
Following in the footsteps of the likes of E.T., The Godfather and Gladiator, underdog hit Brassed Off has been selected for the pioneering treatment in front of an audience of thousands.
The bittersweet comedy-drama, which is celebrating its 21st anniversary this year, is a particularly appropriate choice given that its famous final scenes are set in the Royal Albert Hall. But in reality the interiors were filmed at Birmingham Town Hall after the makers struggled to get permission to shoot their then little-known project.
Now members of the Grimethorpe Colliery Band – the inspiration for the film's Grimley Colliery Band – will be joining forces at the venue with members of the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra to perform the score live at the venue next month as the film is played on the big screen.
The film, written and directed by Mark Herman, stars the late Pete Postlethwaite as Danny, the devoted leader of the Grimley Colliery Band, who is determined to show the Tories ‘we are not defeated'. Ewan McGregor, Stephen Tompkinson and Tara Fitzgerald are among those in the impressive ensemble cast.
Mark Herman, writer and director of Brassed Off ahead of the film getting a special screening at the Royal Albert Hall in London in May to celebrate its 21st anniversary. Picture Tony Johnson.
The film is set a decade after the year-long strike in 1984/85 at a time when miners were facing the difficult choice between accepting pit closures or fighting for their survival – with the risk of losing out on redundancy payouts for their years of service.
In this context, the film depicts Gloria Mullins (Tara Fitzgerald) being sent to their home town of Grimley by British Coal on a secret mission to determine the pit's profitability.  They are a flugelhorn player who joins the local brass band and rekindles a childhood romance with Andy Barrow (McGregor).
The story follows the lives of the band as a decision on the future of the colliery hangs over them, while they attempt to fund a trip to the National Finals of a brass band competition at the Royal Albert Hall.
The special screening is being preceded by an on-stage Q&A hosted by Jim Carter, now best known for their role in Downton Abbey as Mr Carson, with other cast members including Fitzgerald, Tompkinson and Sue Johnston, as well as Mark Herman and producer Steve Abbott.
Ewan McGregor and Tara Fitzgerald in Brassed Off.
Herman, originally from Bridlington and now living in York, says the lasting success of the film is extraordinary.
“When we were making it, I thought it would only be a five-mile radius of people around Barnsley who would be interested. Twenty-one years later, we are selling out the Royal Albert Hall.”
Herman's first film Blame It On The Bellboy, a comedy starring Dudley Moore, had not performed as well as hoped and they had been advised to write what they knew. Inspiration struck on a chance road diversion as the Yorkshireman drove down to London.
They say: “You can never predict where ideas come from. I was living in London at the time but my parents still lived in Bridlington. The diversion took me through the South Yorkshire coalfields. Before I went into film, I was a bacon seller for my father's business so I knew the area from that.
The late Pete Postlethwaite played Danny, the devoted leader of the Grimley Colliery Band.
“On this occasion I drove through places like Grimethorpe and it was a ghost town. I was aware of the strikes but not really aware of the effects of the closures. I was rather shocked.”
They said they quickly came up with the basic concept of the film and got Film Four interested in backing it. The idea of using a brass band as a way of framing a story about a community in crisis came about after hearing a news report about a band in Newcastle having to disband because the members couldn't afford their subs.
After the script was written, it became clear that more money would be needed because of the size of the cast and they managed to convince American company Miramax, run by the colourful Weinstein brothers, to come on board.
“It was one of those where it sort of wrote itself. The first draft took two to three weeks. The process was quicker than on any other film I have worked on. I hated brass band music before doing it! But as I did the research, I found the real brass band music which was a real education.”
The cast included Ewan McGregor who was on the cusp of stardom. They had just filmed Trainspotting, but it was yet to be released in cinemas.
“Harvey Weinstein actually let us go with who we wanted. I just wanted to have an ensemble cast without anybody too famous. It was a great gang we got together. There was a great spirit on set.”
Filmed largely in Grimethorpe, Herman says it was initially a challenge to win the trust of locals.
“There had been a TV programme made about the area where they had paid kids to throw bricks through windows. So people were suspicious of us turning up with cameras. One reason we wanted to do pre-production there was just to try to make sure people knew we weren't taking the mickey. It was very important that they got to know we were on their side as the film was very, very close to Grimethorpe's own story. The very first screening we did was in Barnsley that was sponsored by John Smith's. During the film people started walking out and I was quite worried. But then they were walking straight back in having been to the toilet because of all the free beers. At the end, there was a standing ovation which was terrific.
“I thought the film wouldn't travel – it is about brass band music and suicidal miners. But it really took off. It relied heavily on word of mouth. People who went for the humour were surprised and taken by the politics, while people who went for the politics were taken by the humour.”
Herman says while the film did have international success, it didn't quite make the impact in the US Miramax had hoped for – thanks to similar word-of-mouth success for another Yorkshire film released around the same time in America, The Full Monty.
“The Full Monty caught up and overtook us. Harvey Weinstein joked ‘If only we had got the band to take off their clothes...” Herman says the London screening will present a special challenge to the musicians involved.
“After they have done E.T. and the music of John Williams and The Godfather, filling the Royal Albert Hall for a little film like Brassed Off to do the same thing is quite something really.
“The interesting thing about the music side of things is that in the film we took two to three days to pre-record it all at Abbey Road Studios. That has been mixed to perfection for the film. For this screening, we have taken it all off and the Grimethorpe Colliery Band will have to match that live.”
Brassed Off Live is at the Royal Albert Hall on May 9.
Amazing history of colliery band
When the Grimethorpe Colliery Band was formed in 1917 as a leisure activity for colliery workmen, none could have predicted what was to come. The band have seen many highs, including years of competitive success, a tour with The Beautiful South and they even appeared at the Olympic Opening Ceremony for London 2012, but it was the story of their resolve in the face of the colliery's closure in 1992 as told in Brassed Off that brought the band's story to a global audience.
“The band kept playing and since the pit closed it has become a limited company – it's a business now,” says director Peter Haigh. “I still have deep emotions about what happened The lads who went down the pit deserved every penny they earned and more.”
Chemical giant BASF agreed to merge its oil and gas unit Wintershall with DEA, a vehicle of Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman, to create one of the largest independent oil and gas firms in Europe, the companies said.
Fridman and their partners in the LetterOne investment vehicle made billions by selling their Russian oil empire in 2013 but have since struggled to expand in the United States and Britain due to sanctions imposed on Moscow despite not being under sanctions themselves.
By folding DEA into Wintershall and creating Germany's first oil champion, cash-rich Fridman could create new opportunities for growth in large Western markets.
For BASF it represents a second chance to diversify outside Russia where it is heavily present via ventures with gas monopoly Gazprom. BASF already tried to buy DEA in 2014 from German utility RWE but lost the race to Fridman.
“Wintershall DEA will be one of Europe's largest independent exploration and production companies, with the scale needed to generate sustainable growth long into the future,” said Lord John Browne, the executive chairperson of LetterOne Energy.
“Wintershall DEA, will be a German and European energy champion which can compete with those in France, Italy, and Spain. Very rarely do you have the opportunity to create a company of this type,” Browne, a former chief of BP, said in a statement.
The new company will produce around 590,000 barrels per day from fields mainly in the North Sea, Africa and Russia and have combined proven reserves of 2.1 billion barrels of oil equivalent.
BASF will control 67 percent of the new firm while Fridman's LetterOne will own the remaining 33 percent.
BASF could increase its stake in the company at a later stage by folding into it its pipeline business, which was left outside the initial merger.
The new group would consider an initial public share offering (IPO) upon completion of the merger, which is expected in the second half of 2018.
In May, Kurt Bock, BASF chief executive, said profit contributions from its oil and gas unit were diminishing further amid weak oil prices. As a result, the group would focus on boosting profitability at its chemicals and crop protection businesses.
The drop in profits came amid a slump in oil prices and turmoil in Libya, one of Wintershall's key sources of oil, following the fall of late dictator Muammar Gaddafi.
DEA became a growth platform for Fridman and their partner BP sold Russian oil venture TNK-BP for $55 billion in 2013 to state-controlled oil major Rosneft.
DEA's expansion in Britain and the United States has been hampered by Western sanctions on Russia with DEA unable to close a deal to buy gas fields in Britain's North Sea as well as shale oil and gas companies in Texas.
German daily Handelsblatt had earlier reported a deal was imminent.
In 2016, Niklas Adalberth stepped away from day-to-day operations at the financial services startup Klarna, the billion-dollar company they helped create, to begin working on a new kind of impact investment fund.
For Adalberth, the years at Klarna wondering and worrying about credit ratings, credit offerings, and payments had lost their luster, and the young multi-millionaire was looking for something more.
“I was chasing corporate milestones at Klarna, and gradually realized there was more to life. At Klarna, we learnt a bit about entrepreneurship and technology. Maybe we could use that experience and resources to back entrepreneurs using technology to solve the world's biggest problems,” Adalberth tells me. “We believe that entrepreneurs building rapidly scalable businesses are the best bet to solve some of the world's biggest problems. A lot of the solutions that are in place today are not growing as quickly as the problems, or simply not set up in an optimal way to handle the challenges.”
They launched the Norrsken Foundation later that year with about $20 million of their own money. By early 2017, the first fruits of that funding took shape with the opening of Norrsken House, a co-working space in Adalberth's hometown of Stockholm dedicated to companies that are developing technologies that have a social impact.
Now, Adalberth has committed an additional $62 million of their own money to expand that vision. The goal, they said, is to eventually create a network of 25 impact-focused co-working spaces and foundation hubs around the globe in the next ten years. The first Norrsken House has 112 companies in it and 7 have received direct investment from the Norrsken Foundation's fund (more on that in a bit).
In September, the House received a complimentary fund, when three more of Sweden's most successful young startup founders — Carl Manneh, the founder of Mojang/Minecraft; Sebastian Knutsson, the founder of the gaming company, King; and Filip Tysander, the founder of Daniel Wellington — agreed to commit resources to an investment fund for Norrsken.
“There's a clear trend in Europe where entrepreneurs are looking to apply their resources and experience to help solve societal problems,” said Adalberth. “Carl, Sebastian and Filip all believed Norrsken was a good platform for that. But as always, most important is the team and we have an incredible group of people at Norrsken that they believe in.”
In the year that Norrsken has been operating, the company has already invested in several companies including: Doctrin, which uses decision support and AI to radically improve primary health care, Karma, which is looking to reduce food waste; Hygglo, a circular economy solution to rent possessions; Worldfavor, a platform for digital sustainability reporting; and Justarrived, which looks to accelerate the processes of how newly arrived people are integrated to the labor market.
The problems span emerging markets and the ways in which the tragically large population of refugees and immigrants fleeing strife and struggle in their home countries are integrated into the countries that take them in.
It's an impressive achievement for a first time investor who wasn't aware of the impact investment models other former founders have deployed as they began to look for second acts in their own lives. “When we started Norrsken, we didn't have any role-models because we didn't know anything or anyone from this sector.,” said Adalberth. “But as we've developed, we've been very inspired by Omidyar, Skoll and Meltwater who all are achieving incredible impact.”
Indeed, the closest example to what Adalberth is looking to achieve may be Meltwater, an organization whose MEST accelerator is a runaway success in Accra, Ghana. Indeed, Accra may be one of the places where Norrsken looks to set up shop. Other options are Accra, Cape Town, Nairobi, Kigali, London and Berlin.
Adalberth says the foundation's investment arm is focused on supporting ideas that can deliver measurable, beneficial social or environmental impact. Investments in the companies range from $100,000 to $1 million in angel, seed, and A round, according to the Adalbarth.
“Niklas Zennström showed that it's possible to found a company that can change the way the world communicates out of little Sweden, and this inspired Spotify, Klarna and Minecraft,” Adalberth told me. “We want to enable the same kind of role models, but instead of getting a company to the valuation of a billion, we want it to positively influence one billion people. An impact unicorn.”
The creation of “impact unicorns” will spur a new generation of entrepreneur to tackle meaningful social problems, Adalberth says. “We believe we can have a bigger long-term impact and therefore use the capital more efficient by supporting entrepreneurs building rapidly scalable businesses to solve some of the world's biggest problems.”
Li Jiangang
The US is poised to send an aircraft carrier to the Vietnamese port of Da Nang in March, Vietnam's Ministry of Defense revealed recently. The news came during US Secretary of Defense James Mattis' recent visit to this Southeast Asian country.
Many US media outlets hailed the visit as a sign of warming US-Vietnam relations and an “ice-breaking” one after the Vietnam War. They believe Vietnam is a nation which is “increasingly emboldened to challenge Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.”
In contrast, none of the mainstream media in Vietnam hyped up Mattis' visit, nor were their evaluations of their country's ties with the US too effusive.
In May 2017, when Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc visited the US, they talked about the prospect of the US sending an aircraft carrier to Vietnam with President Donald Trump. Talks continued when Vietnam's Minister of National Defense Ngo Xuan Lich met Mattis in Washington in August. Only recently when Mattis visited Vietnam did the defense ministries of both sides agree to get this plan approved by their respective leadership.
The US media intentionally chose the timing to hype up the issue. It has been more than a year since Trump took power. Opinions on Trump's governance are mostly negative. Many think tanks believe the US diplomatic focus in 2018 is trade and the economy, including coping with the predicament of a slew of free trade agreements and solving trade disputes. Against such a backdrop, Washington can only resort to limiting its strategic outlook.
Mattis' high-profile tour to Southeast Asia seems to have brought in some fresh air, indicating the US' return to the Asia-Pacific. However, the Indo-Pacific strategy that Trump relentlessly championed during the APEC leaders' meeting in Da Nang in November remains a “strategic vision,” despite the mentions in the US 2018 National Defense Strategy.
Countries like Vietnam are familiar with US rhetoric. Especially after Trump scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, these countries no longer hold many expectations of the US. Vietnam is clear that it is only a pawn in the US' Indo-Pacific strategy.
Although Mattis was given a warm welcome in Vietnam and met with Ngo Xuan Lich, General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam Nguyen Phu Trong and Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang, the Vietnamese media's indifference toward their visit shows that it was more symbolic than substantive.
In recent years, defense cooperation between the US and Vietnam did not venture beyond the rhetoric. The most effective bilateral cooperation lies in solving the lingering problems from the war, such as looking for the remains of missing service personnel, mine eradication, eliminating Agent Orange and humanitarian assistance.
Since the 12th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam in 2016, the country's leadership has adopted a much more flexible and mild diplomatic approach, and keeps it at this level. Vietnam did not turn on China as the Philippines did after the South China Sea arbitration, but engaged Beijing at a working group level, senior official level and in high-level bilateral meetings.
In the past two years, there have been no major conflicts between China and Vietnam on the South China Sea issue. There was positive momentum in their relations in 2017 and achievements in Vietnam's economic development. Obviously, Vietnam will not curry favor from the far-reaching and flip-flopping US to jeopardize the hard-won peaceful situation.
Military cooperation won't bring Vietnam and the US too close. In recent years, Vietnam has been holding onto the path of military independence and sticks to the principle of the “three nos:” no to military alliances, no to foreign military bases on Vietnamese soil, and no to alliances that are directed against third parties. Vietnam does not want to be constrained by the US in security matters.
The US will not give up trying to incite a “color revolution” in Vietnam by using the excuse of democracy and human rights. Vietnam has kept a clear mind on this and will not become a vassal of the US.
— Courtesy: GT.
[The author is an assistant research fellow of the Institute of South and Southeast Asian and Oceania Studies at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations. [email protected]]
4 Candidates to Win the Men's Money in the Bank
The Opportunity of a Lifetime will possibly be granted to one of these favourites. Who are you rooting for?
Ishan Kacker TOP CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 17:50 IST 1.51K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Money in the Bank Briefcase
The Money in the Bank match is arguably one of the most exciting matches in the WWE, barring the traditional Royal Rumble match. The 2018 Money in the Bank PPV will stream live on the WWE Network from the Allstate Arena, Chicago, Illinois on June 17th, 2018.
This year, fans will get to see not one but two Money in the Bank matches, featuring the male and female Superstars from both RAW and SmackDown Live.
The Men's Money in the Bank Ladder match will witness eight elite-level Superstars, four each from RAW and SmackDown Live, competing against each other for the opportunity to grab the briefcase which contains a contract for a Championship match, at a time and place of their choosing, over the course of one year.
The match has been instrumental in shaping the careers of Superstars like Edge, Seth Rollins, CM Punk, The Miz and others. 16 of the 19 men have been able to successfully cash-in their contract and change the course of their careers.
The match establishes the winner as a main-event player in the eyes of the fans, and it's only a matter of time before they become a Champion. However, the match can turn out be a dangerous affair and can even shorten the careers of the Superstars competing in it.
This year the field is quite stacked featuring the likes of The Miz, Braun Strowman, Bobby Roode and any one member of the New Day among others. The match should be pretty entertaining as well. It'll be pretty interesting to see who walks of Chicago as Mr. Money in the Bank. Here, we take a look at the top potential candidates to walk away with the green briefcase come June 17th.
#4 Finn Balor
Finn Balor was the first ever Universal Champion
It is argued by fans and critics worldwide that Finn Balor has long been overlooked by the WWE management. Finn Balor was the first ever Universal Champion, but they have not been able to gather a major win since then.
Their injury prevented them from having an extended run as RAW's top superstar back in 2016, but now the time is right for the Leader of the Balor Club to ascend to the top of RAW's food chain.
They were never granted a rematch for the title they never lost, and a win at the Money in the Bank PPV would surely turn around things for the Irish Superstar. Balor could really use a big win at this point in their career to establish them as a main-event star. Wouldn't it be incredible to have Balor pose with their hands stretched out, atop the ladder with the briefcase in hand?
As far as the match is concerned, Balor could pull off some really wonderful spots with the ladders in play, and would definitely have a great showing at the PPV, irrespective of whether they go on to win the match or not.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Neville believes Manchester United must beat Chelsea in the FA Cup final to ensure Jose Mourinho maintains "progression."
The Red Devils have been blown away by champions Manchester City in the title race and exited the Champions League in the last 16 against Sevilla.
But after eliminating Tottenham in the semi-finals of the FA Cup, Neville believes Mourinho can still rescue their season.
"For United, is it a great season? No," Neville told Sky Sports. "But it is a good season because the momentum is still going as they have the opportunity to win the FA Cup and finish second, which would be progression.
"The importance of getting another medal round the necks of the players should not be underestimated in terms of keeping building and challenging Manchester City next season."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
(Image: REUTERS)
Alexis Sanchez struggled to impact United initially after moving to Old Trafford in January from Arsenal.
But the Chilean scored at Wembley last weekend vs Spurs and appears to be finding their feet - with Chile absent from the World Cup, Mourinho will welcome back a refreshed player after a gruelling schedule in recent years.
Mourinho will aim to sign at least two midfielders in another significant window, as Michael Carrick is retiring and Marouane Fellaini is set to leave on a free transfer.
GRAND ISLAND, NEB. — Troopers with the Nebraska State Patrol have arrested an Omaha man on multiple charges following a traffic stop on Interstate 80.
Troopers stopped a 2001 Honda Accord for speeding near mile marker 336 on Interstate 80 just before 1:00 a.m. Saturday, December 9.
During the stop, troopers conducted a search of the vehicle, leading to the discovery of a firearm, 6.8 ounces of marijuana, 29.9 grams of cocaine, and 6.4 grams of methamphetamine. The driver of the vehicle was arrested on multiple charges.
Ronald V. Mitchell Jr., 28, of Omaha, was arrested for Possession of a Firearm by a Prohibited Person, Possession of Cocaine, Possession of Marijuana, Possession of Methamphetamine, and Driving Under Suspension.
Mitchell was lodged in Hamilton County Jail.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Animal rights campaigners have called on Bristol University to abandon animal testing during a small-scale protest at a lab launch event.
Activists from Animal Justice Project gathered in Millennium Square on Thursday (February 1) morning as senior staff and scientists attended the launch symposium of Bristol University's new biomedical research centre.
Protesters – who dressed in lab coats, bloodied rabbit masks and set up fake animal dissections as part of the event – fear the new centre will be used to conduct tests on animals.
Last year, Bristol University revealed it used more 26,000 animals for scientific research – including goats, dogs and even a cat.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
Organiser Claire Palmer, who is the founder of Animal Justice Project, said: “We are taking an opportunity to tell both the Bristol University president and the university's researchers that we are against animal experiments in our city, and despite its best efforts to hide what is taking place in its labs, we will continue to tell the public about it.
“Particularly, as taxpayers, as we pay for it. While other universities are turning to humane, cutting-edge non-animal work, Bristol University looks set to fly in the face of overwhelming public and scientific opinion by continuing its macabre practices on 26,000 animals a year.
“The huge rise in veganism within Britain over the past decade has come about partly because of the public's condemnation of our treatment of animals and the public will not tolerate cruel experiments going on behind Bristol University's doors.”
The new Biomedical Research Centre (BRC) was funded by the National Institute for Health Research, who gave the university £21million for its construction.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
According to the Bristol University website, the BRC will turn basic scientific research into ground-breaking treatments, diagnostics, prevention and care for patients in a wide range of diseases.
Defending its use of animals for testing, a Bristol University spokesperson said research involving animals is vital for advances in medical, veterinary and scientific knowledge.
“The University of Bristol acknowledges that some people have concerns about the use of animals in research,” the spokesperson said.
“However, we also recognise that research involving animals is vital for advances in medical, veterinary and scientific knowledge that improve the lives of both animals and humans.
“Wherever possible, our research relies on computer models, human volunteers or cells grown in the lab. However, these methods are not suitable in every instance.
“That's why, when absolutely necessary, we support the principle of using animals in research in order to advance our understanding of health and disease.”
In 2016, Bristol University tested on more than 26,000 animals. More than half of these were rodents and a third were fish, though tests were also conducted on more than 300 bats, 150 chicken and 100 pigs as well as 94 dogs and a cat.
The spokesperson added: “We are committed to a culture of care where animals are treated with compassion and respect.
(Image: Michael Lloyd)
“All of our research involving animals is ethically reviewed and carefully regulated by the Home Office.
“All of our scientists and technicians who work with animals receive specialist training to ensure that their work promotes animal welfare and complies with relevant legislation.
“They are also actively involved in the 3Rs (replacing animals with non-animal alternatives, reducing the numbers of animals used and refining techniques that involve animals).”
Chairman, Senate Committee on Customs and Excise Duties, Hope Uzodinma, has stated that its Committee has discovered high level manipulation of foreign exchange to the tune of N30 trillion purchase on behalf of importers by Nigerian Banks.
They revealed this while granting interview to correspondents after their Committee meeting in Abuja, noting that all banks were involved in the purchase of hard currencies on behalf of importers which were never utilized.
The investigation which follows Senate's nod at the plenary three weeks ago, indicated that ‘FORM M', designed by the Nigeria Customs and Excise Duties for importation of goods have been used to manipulate foreign exchanges.
“The Committee has discovered that the whooping sum of N30 trillion foreign exchange were purchased from the Central Bank on behalf of importers, but were never utilized,” Uzodinma said.
“We have also discovered that all banks were involved including those that have closed shop, but were fused into the existing ones.
Uzodinma added that huge sums of money have been illegally wired out of the country through the manipulative means, a situation they said has led to scarcity of FOREX in the country.
They were optimistic that the investigation and necessary action by the parliament would stem the tide and increase the value of the Naira.
You know you're an amazing mom when you make the unthinkable happen. Beyoncé took a photo with Kandi Burruss' daughter, step-daughter, and family friend, making the Real Housewives of Atlanta star basically the best mom in the entire world. On Sunday, the Bravolebrity shared an Instagram featuring their daughter, Riley Burruss, their stepdaughter, Kaela Tucker, and family friend Jasmine "QT Jazz" Robinson with Queen Bey at the 2nd Annual Wearable Art Gala held at the Where Art Can Occur (WACO) Theater Center in North Hollywood. WACO was founded by Beyoncé's mother, Tina Knowles Lawson, and their husband, Richard Lawson.
Knowing how amazing they are for getting Beyoncé to pose for a photo, Burruss captioned the image:
The mom of the year award goes to me for getting my girls a pic with #QueenBey! @beyonce thank you for being so gracious to take a pic with @rileyburruss @kpt__ & @qtjazz. You made their night!
Yeah, they are definitely "mom of the year".
They clearly made their night, because all three young women shared the photo on their own Instagram accounts and included some totally relatable captions. First, Riley wrote, "My life is complete. No your eyes are not tricking you, I am standing next to THE Beyoncé." This is how pretty much anyone would after standing next to the Lemonade artist.
Next, Tucker captioned their image: "Not sure how I feel lmao Like BRO THATS @beyonce Lmfaoooo [four whining emojis] Thanks @kandi".
As for Robinson, well, they definitely had the funniest caption. They posted: "@beyonce said they like my hair ....i almost gave them my entire head [crying laughing emoji]". Yeah, that sounds about right.
Anyone who meets Beyoncé for the first time and even has the chance to take a photo with them would react like these three did. It's an epic moment, to say the least. Plus, what makes the night all the more special is that the Grammy winning-singer was presented with a humanitarian award by their mother. Also, Gloria Carter, JAY-Z's mother was also honored for their humanitarian work.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Beyoncé said during their acceptance speech, "There's something that feels very off about receiving this award from my mother. They raised me to believe that giving is not an option, but a privilege and a responsibility." They continued, "I try to keep my charitable work quiet, because I thought these things should come from the goodness of your heart and not from anything orchestrated as a campaign." Can you imagine getting to hear them deliver this emotional speech?
You can see part of Beyoncé's speech below, which was shared on Instagram by Tucker. The entire evening really meant something to her, as they wrote, "I've never been so inspired and motivated. I was able to meet and be around people that make me want to go harder for myself and family. Beyoncé and Gloria Carter you are amazing women."
Burruss and Beyoncé actually have a history that extends beyond the RHOA star asking the superstar to pose with three people they care about deeply. Did you know the Housewife co-wrote the hit Destiny's Child songs "Bills, Bills, Bills" and "Bug A Boo"?
As anyone can probably imagine, working with Bey was an amazing experience. Burruss told Us Weekly in April 2015, "She is the epitome of hard work. I was blessed to be able to have worked with them early in their career." They had such a close relationship with them at one point in time the "Formation" singer and the other former Destiny's Child members gave Burruss a gift.
"I had talked to them about an issue I had in my group where somebody stole my diary from me," they said about Bey. "When we finished up our sessions, they bought me a diary, gave it to me, and wrote a sweet message on the inside like, 'No, you should go back to journaling and do your thing and don't worry about what happened in the past.'"
And now she's introducing Riley, Tucker, and Robinson to Beyoncé? Yeah, Burruss deserves all of the awards.
​Students receiving AR ribbons for the halfway point of the fourth quarter at East Elementary were honored. These students are second graders in Carol Aguillard's class. From left are Dain Watson, Briley Leger, Kevin Johnwell, Aguillard; Chance Ortego, Isaiah Manuel and Sylas Thibodeaux.
Subway relief is the priority, Editorial, Feb. 1
As the Star indicated in its Feb. 1 editorial, the extension of the Line 1 subway into the City of Vaughan will add to crowding problems on the subway. But forgotten is that the opening of the Eglinton Crosstown LRT in just four years will also add to the congestion on the Yonge subway.
Tunneling for the Downtown Relief Line subway should be happening now. Unfortunately, instead of pushing for funding for the Relief Line, several years have been wasted focusing on SmartTrack, a political promise that has had to be significantly scaled back.
But the selection of a Queen St. alignment for the relief line is itself a mistake, and needs to be highlighted. When 50-per-cent more people use King St. transit than Queen St., and as population and employment growth south of Queen all the way to the waterfront continue to boom, the Relief Line should be under King.
The evaluation criteria in the corridor assessment study failed to properly consider this huge difference in travel demand and included relatively minor considerations as equally important factors to justify a Queen alignment. It also did not consider the impacts of the inevitable extension west of University Ave. to the Dundas West subway station.
Lahore
Mrs. Nabila Gazanfer has been given the additional charge of the post of Director General Public Relations. A notification has been issued in this regard here today.  They are grade 19 officers of the DGPR department. Before this, they were serving as Director Administration and Director Coordination in the head office.
They have also performed duties as DPR to Inspector General Police Punjab for seven years—PR
U.S. Has Occasional Contact With North Korea Diplomats
David Greene talks to Suzanne DiMaggio, a senior fellow at the think tank New America, about North Korea. In May, they facilitated informal talks, known as Track II diplomacy, with North Korea.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Judging by the rhetoric last week, it might've seemed like we were on the brink of war with North Korea. North Korea threatened to attack Guam. President Trump warned of fire and fury. The president's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, was on ABC's "This Week." This, they said, is how they look at the tensions with North Korea.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "THIS WEEK")
H R MCMASTER: We're not closer to war than a week ago, but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago.
GREENE: Now, they may be looking back to a time about a decade ago when there seemed to be less tension. The U.S. was actually talking directly with Pyongyang in the so-called six-party talks in 2009. Since then, there has still been occasional contact. A small group of Americans sits down every now and then with North Korean diplomats. In diplo-speak (ph), this is known as Track II diplomacy. Suzanne DiMaggio has been in that room.  They are a senior fellow at the think tank New America, and they join us.
Good morning.
SUZANNE DIMAGGIO: Good morning.
GREENE: So what exactly is Track II diplomacy? Who's involved in these discussions that you've sat in on? And what do these meetings - what do they look like?
DIMAGGIO: Well, if you think of Track I as the official, normal relations between governments, Track II is unofficial discussions that often happen under the radar because of sensitivities. And they usually include nongovernmental officials, former senior officials, former diplomats and so forth, in case...
GREENE: ...Including you, right?
DIMAGGIO: Exactly. I'm nongovernmental, but I work with a lot of former senior officials. In the case of North Korea themselves, they are government officials because, of course, North Korea doesn't have nongovernmental organizations.
GREENE: So you said because of sensitivities, these happen quietly. Is that domestic politics - like, this is people in the United - like, leaders in the United States, leaders in North Korea not wanting their people to know that these discussions are happening, but there's a willingness to talk.
DIMAGGIO: That's certainly part of it. I think there are political sensitivities, but there's also - you know, you're trying to create a atmosphere that is informal, relaxed. And if you have media there breathing down your neck, and watching every move and trying to get into these discussions, it makes things less relaxed.
GREENE: OK, so Americans are often shocked by the rhetoric that comes from Pyongyang. I mean, it can be so over-the-top. I mean, the government in North Korea's called the United States a cesspool of evils. They, a few years ago, called the South Korean president, quote, "a dirty prostitute." The North was threatening to attack Guam last week. Are they that abrasive and that bellicose when you're sitting across the table?
DIMAGGIO: In my experience, no, thankfully.
GREENE: Yeah.
DIMAGGIO: The discussions, the level can get heated and, certainly, tense, given the profound differences that exist between our governments. But I find that, in these situations, it's clear that we're not representing our government, so they don't hold us accountable for that. But at the same time, there's a certain level of respect because I think they understand we're there to try to help the situation.
GREENE: Where are these talks happening? What does the setting look like?
DIMAGGIO: It varies. I've been to Pyongyang for some of these talks, which is quite different. You know, they're - you're meeting them where they sit. In some ways, I actually prefer that because you - they're more relaxed. And you do get a sense of what their threat perceptions are from Pyongyang.
Other places tend to be capitals in Europe or elsewhere where both parties feel comfortable. Sometimes a third country is necessary to help facilitate that, to make it possible. And there are, thankfully, other governments that are willing to play that role.
GREENE: So Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said President Trump's talk of fire and fury, being locked and loaded, is them using language that Kim Jong-un would understand because they don't seem to understand diplomatic language. Do you agree with that assessment, based on your insider's perspective?
DIMAGGIO: Actually, I don't. I really disagree with it. First of all, it contradicts everything their other senior officials are saying, particularly Secretary Mattis and Secretary Tillerson, who were saying we need a peaceful, diplomatic approach. So for the North Koreans - where we have so little interaction, and they're reading every word the administration says and watching cable news - it's confusing, and it can lead to misreadings. That's my concern, especially during this period of high - heightened tensions.
GREENE: Suzanne DiMaggio is a senior fellow at the think tank New America. And they have been involved in occasional discussions with North Korean diplomats and was giving us an inside look at those talks. Thanks so much for talking to us this morning. We appreciate it.
DIMAGGIO: It was my pleasure.
(SOUNDBITE OF TRISTEZA'S "BALABARISTAS")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
After almost 90 years of spreading a lethal and evil ideology, it is time to step up to the plate, to identify the threat, and separate the notion of good versus evil. It is time to finally designate the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization to further the battle against radical Islamic terrorism. (Photo: Eman Helal / AP)
The Muslim Brotherhood is an organization dedicated to the overthrow of the United States and its values. Since its inception, the Muslim Brotherhood's foundational objective has been to reestablish the caliphate.
By the Brotherhood's own definition, the caliphate is a geographic territory, ruled by a caliph, and governed by Sharia law. More importantly, the Muslim Brotherhood has consistently embraced violent jihad as a core part of their strategy for success.
Designating a group a terrorist organization is a hard and laborious process for the State Department. But it is essential that it do a thorough analysis of the Muslim Brotherhood. This will enable it to reach the conclusion that it is undeniably a terrorist organization. The United States needs to recognize and identify those who seek the demise of our country.
Founded in 1928, the Brotherhood has been the inspiration for many radical jihadist groups. From Hamas, al-Qaida, Islamic State militant group and others, the Muslim Brotherhood provides the spiritual grounding for these groups' ideology and violence. The most striking aspect is how much they have in common!
The Muslim Brotherhood's core values pose a dire threat to the United States' national security. With the recent horrific attacks in London, Manchester and Kabul, the spreading threat to the Philippines and Indonesia, it is imperative to highlight the global threat posed by radical Islamic jihadists. These more recent attacks come on top of the slaughter of Muslims, Christians and others in regions such as the Middle East, Northern and Central Africa, and Europe. The evidence is overwhelming.
From stealth to violent jihad, the Brotherhood has long recognized that it must use various strategies to finally establish a caliphate. They embrace the concept of taqqiya, otherwise known as deception and deceitfulness, which allows them to say something they don't necessarily believe to further their mission.
More directly, the International Islamic Relief Organization (IIRO) provided funding to al-Qaida. The CIA linked the IIRO to Osama bin Laden and to Ramzi Youssef, the mastermind of the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center. The U.A.E. identifies the IIRO with the Brotherhood.
The Union of Good is another example of a terrorist international network connected to the Muslim Brotherhood. The network was designed to support Hamas and was sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department in 2008. Its board included a Yemini Muslim Brotherhood cleric named Sheikh Ali Zindani, who was a designated terrorist in 2004 for their work as an al-Qaida recruiter. United Arab Emirates have all designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization. These countries and their leadership understand the Brotherhood's capabilities and intentions.
Those that oppose the designation claim that the Brotherhood renounces violence. But in recent years, the citizens of Egypt and Libya have suffered tremendously under Brotherhood-affiliated regimes. These regimes prove that the Brotherhood has not rejected violence.
The Muslim Brotherhood has done an exceptional job burying its violent ideology through its use of taqqiya, front organizations, and other subterfuge. But after almost 90 years of spreading a lethal and evil ideology, it is time to step up to the plate, to identify the threat, and separate the notion of good versus evil. It is time to finally designate the Brotherhood a terrorist organization.
Pete Hoekstra is a senior fellow at the Investigative Project on Terrorism and a former chairperson of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2srjq6J
Australia-based payment firm PromisePay, which raised $10 million last year, has a double shot of news this week: it has rebranded to Assembly Payments and inked a major partnership deal with Gumtree.
The deal will see Gumtree, which is owned by eBay, introduce a new services-focused business in Africa. Gumtree Connect links users with local home services, such as cleaners, machine repairs and more in same way as apps like ThumbTack in the U.S. and ServisHero in Asia. It's for that business that Gumtree has selected PromisePay Assembly Payments, which built its payment service specifically for marketplaces with features like credibility checks, dispute resolution, etc.
Gumtree Connect is initially available in South Africa, one of Gumtree's most notable markets with six million registered users, but there is the potential for expansion further down the line.
“Assembly Payments was chosen after a lengthy global search for the ideal payment partner. Their expertise in areas such as fraud, chargebacks, compliance, escrow and customer support has meant they are a great fit for Gumtree,” Gumtree's head of verticals Andre Hugo said in a statement.
As for the name change, Assembly Payments' CEO and co-founder Simon Lee told TechCrunch by email that it “better reflects the nature of our platform.”
“Payments are the centerpiece of a great customer experience,” Lee continued. “And companies are sick of being stifled by old, legacy payments systems. So we tore the whole system and apart and let anyone re-assemble it however they like.”
Founded in 2014, Assembly Payments claimed it has increased its revenue by 25 percent month-on-month over the past year. It said it is active on over 100 platforms, including Airtasker, Hipages, Flippa and Carsales.com.au, and has raised over $13 million from investors.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tesla Semi Enlarge Photo
Budweiser brewer Anheuser-Busch wants its beer delivery process to be just a smidge more green. The company announced on Friday that it placed a pre-order for 40 Tesla Semis and proclaimed it's one of the largest orders to date. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has hinted that the trucks will start from as low as $150,000.
Anheuser-Busch's order is part of the company's wide-reaching efforts to reduce its operational carbon footprint by 30 percent by 2025. The company noted its carbon-footprint goal equals about 500,000 fewer cars on the road to emit pollutants. Indeed, the Tesla Semi fits the bill with a promised 500-mile range and with a gross weight of 80,000 pounds. During its reveal, CEO Elon Musk also said operators can charge the battery to 400 miles of range in as little as 30 minutes.
All of those attributes make the Tesla Semi quite attractive to distribution companies like Anheuser-Busch, especially for long-distance travel. Rival truckmakers have revealed similar semi trucks, though 200 miles of range has been the norm.
The brewer is no stranger to technology and future-forward approaches to transportation. Last year, an Otto self-driving semi truck delivered 51,744 cans of Budweiser beer on a 132-mile stretch of Colorado highway. Uber purchased Otto ahead of the self-driving truck's maiden voyage. Anheuser-Busch said it continues to work with Uber to test self-driving technologies and also named Nikola as another technological partner. The company and Nikola hope to bring hydrogen-powered trucks into the delivery fleet in the near future as well.
Tesla previously named 2019 for its Semi's production date, but the company rarely meets its self-imposed deadlines. The good news for Tesla, though, is it has read the market very well; there are certainly customers yearning for an all-electric semi truck.
Is there a point when investors will turn off the spigots for giant unicorn funding rounds? If so, we haven't reached that threshold yet.
Last year, investors put a record amount of capital into members of the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard, a list of private venture-backed companies valued at more than $1 billion.
Globally, a staggering $66 billion went into unicorn companies in 2017, up 39 percent year-over-year, according to an analysis of Crunchbase data. The ride-hailing space was the single largest recipient of investor dollars, with several rivals in the space raising billions. Investors also poured copious sums into co-working, consumer internet and augmented reality.
Newcomers also joined the unicorn club for the first time in 2017, albeit at a slightly slower pace than the preceding two years. For all of 2017, 60 new startups were added to the unicorn list. This compares to 66 newly minted unicorns in 2016 and the record-setting 2015 with 99 newcomers.
Below, we break down the leading locations for new and existing unicorns, top sectors for investment capital, exits and a few other trends affecting the space.
Geographic breakdown
The vast majority of unicorns are headquartered in either the U.S. or China, and that's also the case for newcomers to the Unicorn Leaderboard.
In 2017, both the U.S. and China continued to mint new unicorns at a steady clip. A total of 29 U.S. companies inked their first funding round at a valuation of a billion dollars or more, up from 22 the prior year. In China, 24 new unicorns joined the leaderboard, down from 32 in 2016. Europe and Southeast Asia, meanwhile, also contributed a few unicorns.
In the chart below, we look at new entrants, categorized by country:
The newcomers were a pretty diverse bunch, spanning industries from agtech to enterprise software, including no-cost stock buying platform Robinhood, online education provider VIPKID and cryptocurrency buying and selling platform Coinbase.
Sectors
Unicorn investors showed a particularly strong appetite, however, for companies in a handful of sectors.
Ridesharing, in particular, had a strong funding year, with companies in the space taking more than 10 percent of all unicorn investment. That was largely attributable to a billion and multi-billion dollar rounds for Lyft, Grab, Ola and Didi Chuxing.
Bike-sharing was also big. Two new entrants onto the unicorn list came from that space: Ofo and Mobike. However, concerns arose later in the year over whether consumer demand could support the ballooning bike supply.
Other recipients of really substantial funding rounds, even by unicorn standards, include U.S. co-working giant WeWork and China-based consumer internet players Toutiao and Koubei.
Exiting the board
So a lot of unicorns are raising big rounds. But is there any sign members of the group will eventually produce returns for investors?
Overall, 2017 provided some modestly positive news for unicorn exit watchers. Fifteen venture-funded companies with private valuations of a billion dollars or more went public last year, more than double 2016 levels and the highest total since Crunchbase began tracking the asset class.
Acquisition activity, meanwhile, was weaker. There were just seven recorded M&A exits involving unicorns in 2017, down from 10 in 2016. AppDynamics was the highest-performing exit at 95 percent over its last private valuation. For the remaining companies that exited, all appear to have been below or at their last private valuation.
In the chart below, we look at IPO and M&A counts for unicorns over the past seven years:
Unicorn IPOs weren't just more common in 2017. Performance was often quite good, too. Many of last year's newly public companies sustained market caps far higher than their last private valuations. Top performers by this metric include several China-based unicorns, led by investment manager Qudian and search engine Sogou. Other standouts include gaming hardware provider Razer and app developer software provider MuleSoft.
In the chart below, we look at some of the top performers based on the post-IPO percentage gains over their last private valuations:
Lately, going public seems to be a better option for investor returns. If the company goes out below its last private valuation, that multiple can improve if it grows its market and public shareholders boost the stock. For an M&A transaction, the price is set and either late-stage investors have built in protections or are losing money at those exit prices.
Averages point to more exits ahead
For the 45 unicorn companies that have gone public, the average time to go public has been 26 months after first being valued at $1 billion. For the 25 companies that have been acquired, the average time to get acquired is 24 months after first being valued at $1 billion.
So what does that say about the current crop of still-private companies? Because more than 150 companies out of 263 have been on the Unicorn Leaderboard for more than two years, we expect exits to increase, given the backlog.
Special thanks to Steven Rossi who manages the Crunchbase Unicorn Leaderboard.
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesperson confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
HEAD COACH Garry Monk has urged their Leeds United players to prepare for the three biggest games of their lives after seeing their side drop out of the Championship play-off places for the first time since late November after a shock 1-0 home loss to Wolves.
United picked the worst possible time to produce one of their most disappointing performances of the season in front of a crowd of 32,351 at Elland Road, with Fulham's 3-1 home victory over Aston Villa seeing them leapfrog the Whites into the final play-off position.
Leeds United's Pontus Jannson grimaces after missing a chance against Wolves (Picture: Simon Hulme).
It proved a mixed Bank Holiday Monday for Yorkshire's trio of Championship promotion chasers, with Huddersfield Town pegged back late on in a 1-1 draw at Derby County to drop back to fourth spot – victory would have moved them to within five points of second-placed Newcastle United with a game in hand after the stuttering Magpies lost 3-1 at Ipswich.
Huddersfield's draw confirmed promotion to the Premier League for Brighton.
Meanwhile, Sheffield Wednesday moved up to fifth place after securing their fourth successive victory with a 2-1 triumph at QPR.
On their side's fraught afternoon against Wolves, who triumphed thanks to a goal seven minutes before the break from striker Nouha Dicko, head coach Monk said: “We have had the mentality for so long where we have been in the play-offs quite comfortably and been in that protecting mode of trying to stay in there.
“Now, we do not have that luxury any more. Now, we have to go on the hunt and sometimes it is easier with less pressure on you when you are on the hunt.
“When you are in there, it's maybe a different pressure. We have got to take care of our own business, They are the three biggest games of our lives and we have to approach it in that way.”
It was a case of ‘if only' for Huddersfield, who were tantalisingly on the cusp of moving up to the 80-point mark to maintain their outside hopes of pipping Newcastle to automatic promotion, only for ex-Town midfielder Jacob Butterfield to earn the Rams' a point after scoring an 88th-minute equaliser.
Town, without a win in Derby in 22 matches since November 1957 – with that barren run incorporating 20 defeats – had taken the lead in the first 10 minutes, courtesy of a second goal in successive games from striker Collin Quaner.
Wagner, whose side suffered late anguish just three days on from beating Preston in the final moments, and who welcome Fulham on Saturday, said: “We have always said we are not able to influence what happens on the other pitches and everyone has seen again how difficult it is to win football matches in the Championship and to get over the line.
“We got a result which was not a perfect one, but a good one, and I think this gives us every confidence for the next game to get the points we need to occupy a play-off place.
“I was very pleased with the performance. The equaliser at the end did not give us the best feeling, but I think Derby, on the one side, deserved it.”
Owls' head coach Carlos Carvalhal saw their side prevail 2-1 at Loftus Road, through goals from Adam Reach and Daniel Pudil, and was full of praise for their side's character after the game.
Carvalhal, hoping that midfield pair Kieran Lee and Sam Hutchinson can add to their squad options by returning to fitness in the near future, commented: “Anything can happen and there are three games and we must be focused. The reality is that we are feeling that we are strong at this part of the season. Physically and tactically, the mentality of this team is very strong at this moment.
“We came here to win and did our job and our winning mentality were special and strong and it is why we achieved the three points.”
Trump Addresses Iran Nuclear Deal At White House With French President Macron President Trump and French President Macron addressed their differences on the Iran nuclear agreement Tuesday as they took questions from reporters at the White House.
Barcelona vs Real Madrid: Player Ratings
The El Clasico was full of drama and goals: here's a look at the player ratings
@@masonmcdonagh by masonmcdonagh4 Player ratings 14 Aug 2017, 10:02 IST
FC Barcelona v Real Madrid - Supercopa de Espana: 1st Leg
Real Madrid grabbed headlines once again in the battle between the two giants in Spain with the Galacticos winning 3-1 against arch rivals Barcelona in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup.
The game was locked at 0-0 for the whole of the first half and remained that way until a slight mistake from Gerard Pique made it 1-0 when their deflection made its way over Ander Ter Stegen in the Barcelona goal.
Then came an onslaught from Barcelona who were determined to get level. Despite a miss from six yards from Sergio Busquets, they did from the penalty spot through Lionel Messi after Luis Suarez was brought down.
But they did not stay level for long, as two minutes later Cristiano Ronaldo cut in onto their right foot and rifled a shot into the top right corner, re-establishing Madrid's lead. They proceeded to take their shirt off after the goal and received a booking.
They would then become angry for earning that initial booking as they received a second yellow card for what the ref deemed as a dive.
Marco Asensio then sealed the victory with a fabulous strike, rounding off a crazy, eventful El Clasico.
Here we look at player ratings from the first leg:
Barcelona
Ander Ter Stegen – 6/10
Ter Stegen made a shaky start giving the ball away and nearly gifting Madrid the opening goal but they settled and made a good save to deny Bale. Made some good saves and could do very little about two fantastic strikes and an own goal.
Aleix Vidal – 6/10
Vidal got into some great positions up the pitch on the right hand side but failed to deliver any good crosses or make something out of the positions they got into. Furthermore their performance seemed to die out as the game went on.
Samuel Umtiti – 6 /10
Defended very well and playing high up the pitch often intercepted passes to deny Madrid and joy going forward. The Frenchman looks extremely comfortable with the ball at their feet. But they and Pique struggled to deal with Cristiano Ronaldo when they came on rather than defending against Benzema who looked ineffective.
Gerard Pique – 6 /10
Played out of danger comfortably on numerous occasions and defended excellently to give Madrid a shortage of chances in the first half. However, in the second half they diverted Marcelo's cross into their own net for the opener and them and Umtiti were carved open on numerous occasions on the counter attack.
Jordi Alba – 7/10
Alba used their pace effectively getting forward and threatening Carvajal in behind, played very well linking up with Messi. A wonderful last gasp block denied Real Madrid a 2-0 lead.
Sergio Busquets - 7/10
Broke up play well and recycled the ball usefully, was booked for some cynical shirt pulling but did their job well for the most part.
Ivan Rakitic – 6/10
Rakitic used the ball well but struggled to have much of an impact on the game.
Andres Iniesta – 6/10
Often helped Messi get into good positions but was certainly not one of Iniesta's best performances in a Barça shirt.
Gerard Deulofeu – 5/10
Played poorly on their debut as they struggled to deliver any good crosses or threaten Carvajal from the left.
Lionel Messi – 8/10
Messi was, as usual, excellent. Drew many fouls from Madrid players and grew increasingly dangerous as the game went on. Eventually scoring Barcelona's equaliser from the penalty spot after sustained pressure.
Luis Suarez – 7/10
Suarez was trying their upmost and making some good runs but lost it at times. Did well to earn Barcelona's penalty for the equaliser but struggled to make any good goal scoring opportunities for himself.
Substitutions:
Denis Suarez – 7/10
Suarez made a huge impact and played better than Deulofeu did for 60 minutes. Their energy was crucial and helped Barcelona pile on the pressure despite their loss.
Sergi Roberto -6/10
Roberto replaced Iniesta but didn't do much more than their fellow Spaniard as they struggled to help Barcelona break down Madrid, even with 10 men.
Paco Alcacer – N/A – Alcacer came on for just 7 minutes and all that they seemingly did was argue with Carvajal.
Colombia star lashes out at 'biased' referee after World Cup defeat to England
Aakanksh Sanketh FOLLOW ANALYST News 3.19K // 04 Jul 2018, 14:48 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Colombia crashed out of the 2018 FIFA World Cup after losing to England last night
Colombia and England faced off last night in the round of 16 of the 2018 FIFA World Cup and it was Gareth Southgate's English side that emerged victorious after an intensely fought match finally culminated after a penalty shoot-out.
Yerry Mina gave Colombia their equalizer in the 93rd minute to cancel out Harry Kane's 57th-minute penalty. Extra time failed to decide the game and subsequently, penalties had to be taken to decide the winner.
England just about edged out the Colombians as they won the penalty shoot-out 4-3 in sudden death.
However, the game has become a rather controversial outing as a result of some rather questionable refereeing from the man in charge, Mark Geiger.
The American official not only pulled out cards a little too easily but also made some seemingly erroneous calls. After the game, Colombian star, Radamel Falcao, went on to slam the referee, accusing them of being biased and questioning their neutrality.
According to the Colombian forward, the referee "always made calls to favour England."
Lashing out, Falcao said:
"I found it peculiar that they put an American referee in this instance. To tell you the truth, the process leaves a lot of doubts. They only spoke English, some bias was certain. Through small calls they were pushing us [toward] our goal, that was clear for me."
Falcao had to be restrained by their teammates as they attempted to lash out at the referee during the game
"The referee disturbed us a lot, in the 50-50 plays, they always made the calls in favour of England," Falcao said. "This situation was undermining us. They didn't act with the same criteria for both teams. When in doubt they always went to the England side. It's shameful that this happens in the round of 16 of a World Cup."
Notably, this isn't the first time Geiger has been accused of something like this. In their first game as an official in the World Cup just last month, the American was tasked with overseeing the Group B match between Portugal and Morocco.
After the game, Morocco's Nordin Amrabat raised similar accusations as they said:
"I don't know what [Geiger] is used to, but they were very impressed by Cristiano [Ronaldo]," Amrabat said. "I've been just told by Pepe that in the [first half], they asked if they could have their shirt. Come on, man. What are we talking about? ... We are at the World Cup, not a circus here."
It is still uncertain as to whether FIFA will look into the matter and take any action. However, if this is true, it certainly will bring disgrace to what has otherwise been an exceptional World Cup.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Demonstrators rally July 27 in Washington against repeal of the Affordable Care Act. (Associated Press File)
Most Americans appear to believe that federal health care policy actually is supposed to be about actual health care rather than political advantage.
Following the Republican Congress' failure to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act, the nonpartisan, nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation conducted a survey and asked participants how they believed the government should proceed on the health care issue.
Rather than pursuing unilateral repeal, 78 percent of respondents — including half of Republicans and President Donald Trump supporters — said that Republicans should work with Democrats to improve the existing law.
Trump, exasperated by Congress' failure to overcome the will of the people, has responded by threatening to withhold subsidies mandated by the law and otherwise attempt to steer it to failure. That not only would violate their constitutional duty to implement and enforce the laws, it would drive up health care costs for the very Americans they purport to champion. In a separate analysis, Kaiser has estimated that Trump's plan would drive up premium costs in Pennsylvania by 23 percent.
The survey also should disabuse the president of another notion. They have said that they do not “own” the health care law, meaning that they would not be held responsible if they allow it to wither and die.
But 60 percent of the survey respondents disagreed, saying that Trump and the Republican congressional majorities are responsible for the law's performance. That is more than twice as many who said that responsibility lies mostly with former President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats.
Clearly, the public recognizes the ACA as the law of the land and a crucial aspect of health care access. Trump and Congress should recognize that, as well, and make the law as effective as possible.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Are the Lions for real? Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Justin Rogers look at the Lions as they roll into Week 5 against the Carolina Panthers at Ford Field. Detroit News
Buy Photo Defensive end Armanty Bryant (Photo: Daniel Mears, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Allen Park — With one day left to make a decision, the Lions remain noncommittal about defensive end Armonty Bryant's status with team.
Coming off a four-game suspension, their third ban the past two seasons, the Lions have until Saturday afternoon to add Bryant to the active roster.
“We'll see,” Lions coach Jim Caldwell said. “We'll see what happens.”
After two practices, Caldwell said Bryant is showing signs of returning to form. The 265-pound edge defender recorded three sacks in five games for the Lions last season, after being claimed off waivers from the Cleveland Browns.
“I'm talking about their speed and getting up to speed, in terms of all the things that he's responsible for doing — stopping the run, being an effective guy, taking care of their gap, rushing the passer, all those kinds of things,” Caldwell said. “He's moving in that direction.”
Bryant was on the practice field again Friday, but wide receiver Kenny Golladay (hamstring), running back Dwayne Washington (quad) and linebacker Paul Worrilow (knee) remained sidelined, all but ending the chances any of them play this Sunday against the Carolina Panthers.
Also sitting out Friday's practice were defensive tackle Haloti Ngata and guard T.J. Lang. Both have been limited participants during the week, but the two veterans also have been routinely given Fridays off. Both are expected to suit up against the Panthers.
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
Staff Reporter
Bahawalpur
Provincial Minister for Higher Education Syed Raza Ali Gillani chaired syndicate meeting of Ghazi University Dera Ghazi Khan through video link.
This was second meeting of the syndicate which approved administrative, academic, fiscal and developmental steps taken by Prof. Dr. Qaiser Mushtaq, Vice Chancellor and praised improvement and uplift in every sector of the university under their leadership.
The members termed these achievements significant for the newly developed university of the Southern Punjab. The members approved selection board and selection committees and recommendations of these bodies during recently held meetings. A committee was formulated to review rules and regulations of the University besides approval of two experts in each faculty board. The syndicate also approved membership of MPA Sardar Jamal Khan Laghari in University Finance and Planning Committee.
by Christine Stuart | May 30, 2018 11:59am Google ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Business, Consumer Protection, Legal
HARTFORD, CT — Just when it seems like progress may be on the horizon for lowering pharmaceutical drug prices, something else undermines it.
Yale School of Management Professors Song Ma and Florian Ederer and London Business School's Colleen Cunningham authored a paper, which found more drugs would be available each year if not for “killer acquisitions.”
They refer to “killer acquisitions” as mergers used to terminate development of the target's innovations to pre-empt future competition.
The professors admit it's a “novel” but potentially concerning trend in the industry.
Connecticut State Comptroller Kevin Lembo, who is in charge of the state's health insurance contract and has been a proponent of lowering drug prices, said it's a concerning new trend that needs to be investigated.
“These killer acquisitions – pharmaceutical corporations that acquire competitors in order to block new potentially life-saving or life-changing medications from entering the market – demand immediate investigation and legal action by the state and federal investigators,” Lembo said. “When it comes to prescription drugs, killing innovation has the potential to kill lives as well when drug research is suppressed and prices senselessly skyrocket.”
Earlier this year the Connecticut General Assembly passed legislation that will increase transparency in drug pricing. It's awaiting the governor's signature.
The legislation, according to Lembo, “will force drug corporations to justify outrageous price increases.” It will also “shine a bright light on a shadowy market to help stop these egregious practices – but the people of Connecticut demand the partnership and support of the federal government to fight this behavior.”
Ma, Ederer, and Cunningham looked at more than 60,000 drug development projects originated by over 8,000 companies over the past two and a half decades. They concluded that killer acquisitions account for about 7 percent of the pharmaceutical industry's mergers and acquisitions. They estimate that if killer acquisitions were eliminated that drug project development would raise the pharmaceutical industry's aggregate drug project continuation rate by more than 5 percent.
They said a recent case involving the pharmaceutical firm Mallinckrodt and its subsidiary Questcor exemplifies the killer acquisition phenomenon.
According to the researchers, “Questcor enjoyed a monopoly in the category of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) drugs with its product Acthar. Acthar treats rare, serious conditions, including infantile spasms and nephrotic syndrome. In the mid-2000s, development began on Synacthen, a synthetic, direct competitor to Acthar. In an effort to pre-empt potential future competition, Questcor acquired the U.S. development rights of Synacthen in 2013.”
It essentially stopped the competition before it made it to market. Questcor did not develop Synacthen.
Then Questcor raised the price of Acthar from $40 per vial in 2001 to over $34,000 per vial by 2015.
As the Federal Trade Commission argued in an antitrust complaint, Questcor acquired Synacthen to preempt competition: “With the acquisition of Synacthen, Questcor thwarted a nascent challenge to its Acthar monopoly.”
In January 2017, Mallinckrodt (which acquired Questcor in 2014) settled the anti-competitive acquisition case, agreeing to pay $100 million.
Late last year, Connecticut's Attorney General George Jepsen expanded their generic drug anti-trust lawsuit to include 20 defendants and at least 15 drugs. That lawsuit which involves 45 other attorneys general is still winding its way through the court system.
RSA USA In 1949, the world's nations came together to sign the Geneva Conventions, according respect in times of war to civilians, soldiers incapable of fighting, and prisoners of war. Now we need to go back and do the same for civilians caught up in online conflict, according to Microsoft.
In a keynote at this year's RSA USA Conference, Redmond's president Brad Smith called on the technology industry to cooperate and form a “Digital Switzerland” for the world. That doesn't mean fondue for all or caching Nazi gold, but rather that the tech industry needs to insist on being an impartial operator that shields its users from unwarranted state spying and attack.
Protecting people online is good for business, after all, we note. It's not a great advert for your software and online services when the Feds can just siphon off your customers' emails seemingly at will. Trust equals money, and Microsoft wants your trust and money.
“We will not aid attacking customers anywhere, regardless of whether governments ask us to do so,” Smith told the RSA audience in San Francisco today. “We need to make the case that the world needs to retain its trust in technology; we need to maintain the world's trust.”
Smith suggested new Geneva conventions that require governments to not attack technology companies; to disclose to developers all security vulnerabilities so they can be fixed rather than hoarding them to use to attack; to defend the tech sector when dealing with hackers running amok; to sign up to the non-proliferation of weaponized exploits; and “exercising restraint” when using them.
The technology backbone of the world is privately owned and run, and the world's governments need to commit to using it responsibly, they said. If they can't, the technology community needs to stand up and ensure that no one runs wild online. Apropos of nothing, have you checked your Windows 10 privacy settings recently?
Smith's rules for online life – but don't hold your breath for them
The technology industry is an international one, Smith said, and Microsoft employs people from 157 nations. More than any other sector, the technology field is all about bringing in people from around the world to get the best solutions, rather than falling into petty nationalism.
Smith said that the recent US election should act as a warning sign of how bad things can get. The claimed Russian hacking of the Democrats' computers, and subsequent email leaks, had an unprecedented effect on American democracy, Smith opined.
That's not that unusual though, said Adi Shamir, Borman professor of computer science at the Weizmann Institute in Israel and co-inventor of the RSA algorithm. They said political meddling is an old-school practice, and the Russians are used to being screwed around with in this way.
In 1956, US and UK intelligence agencies recorded a speech given in private by the Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev which decried the excesses of Stalin's regime. They leaked the speech to “the WikiLeaks of its day,” The New York Times, they said, and the news led directly to the Hungarian uprising that year.
“While I'm shocked, shocked, by these attacks,” they joked, “they are not alone in history.” ®
High-end speaker maker Devialet is branching out of home speakers. The company announced a partnership with Renault for its first ever car audio system. You can't buy a Renault car with Devialet speakers just yet, but there's a Renault concept car with those speakers.
Devialet has always said that it wasn't just a speaker manufacturer. The French startup has worked on its own amplification technology. It is supposed to be much better than everything else out there when it comes to building powerful-yet-compact speakers.
The company first partnered with Sky to build a surround sound TV speaker. And now, Devialet wants to be in your car.
Renault has been demonstrating its Symbioz concept car as the future of autonomous, connected and electric cars. And it seemed like a good playing ground to show off Devialet's technology.
First, Devialet isn't using traditional in-door speakers and subwoofers. The company relies on tiny sound modules that are six times smaller than traditional car speakers.
Second, the company uses empty spaces and pipes and make them vibrate. It creates a network of passive speakers to immerse yourself in the music.
Finally, the startup also has some custom software features to route the sound to the right speaker. Passive speakers can be used for background sounds while sound modules can take care of the rest.
This sounds nice on paper, so let's hope that Renault is going to bring this technology to production vehicles. It's clear that Devialet wants to go beyond putting its brand on regular speakers. The company wants to control the entire audio experience.
The 2018 Canadian International AutoShow opens its doors in two weeks (Feb. 16-25), and already, car enthusiasts are purchasing tickets online and planning to visit the Metro Toronto Convention Centre to find out what is new in the automotive world.
The AutoShow is Canada's largest consumer show in size and attendance, and it attracts visitors of all ages. Whether you are looking to purchase a new vehicle or want to learn about the latest models, concepts, technologies, and developments, this show will satisfy your automotive curiosity on all levels.
For those planning to attend this year's AutoShow, here are some tips that will help you get the most out of your show experience.
1. Visit www.autoshow.ca: This website is your online portal to all of the features, exhibits, prizes, and promotions happening at the show. Here, you will find descriptions of the various exhibits, such as the 50th Anniversary of Hot Wheels exhibit, the 70 Years of Porsche display, the new eSports Gaming Arena, electric test drive opportunities, news and media information, a venue map, show hours, ticket information, and more.
2. Shop and compare: One of the main attractions at the AutoShow is, of course, the display of new models from the major automakers. More than 1,000 cars, trucks, SUVs, concept cars, exotics, classics, muscle cars, fully electric, and autonomous vehicles will be on display at the North and South Building. Car buyers can use this opportunity to evaluate the various makes and models and speak with brand representatives. Compare body styles, fuel efficiency, on-board technology, safety ratings, horsepower and prices. Most vehicles for sale in Canada are represented at the AutoShow.
Assistant referee Linos Hobwane and match commissioner Rudzani Mulaudzi have been found guilty of “providing false information in the match report” and lying under oath.
This after they concocted an assault‚ going as far as supplying false photos of injuries.
Hobwane was suspended from refereeing for two years and Mulaudzi for the rest of the 2017-18 season in a Safa disciplinary committee (DC) hearing last month.
A third official from the match – between AmaZulu and Baroka FC in the National First Division on January 9‚ 2016 – referee Anwar Alexander‚ has had their case postponed.
The motivation for concocting a false assault can only be speculated on.
It appears that‚ after a heated dispute by AmaZulu players at the end of the game over a goal by Baroka that was allowed in the 75th minute‚ the match officials conspired to increase the seriousness of the incident to settle scores with the players.
Safa judicial officer Tebogo Motlanthe said: “One thing we should take blame for‚ as the association is that it took long to resolve it [the DC].
"We needed to do more investigations‚ which took longer than expected”.
They said the case was significant because “ethically‚ when you deal with a referee you need to know that they are an honest person.
"The association took it that way – that we needed to correct this wrong”.
In mitigation in the stiffness of the sentences‚ both Hobwane and Mulaudzi pleaded guilty.
The damage to the reputation of refereeing‚ and an already tenuous relationship between players and clubs and match officials‚ especially in the lower leagues‚ was considered.
The seriousness of what the fabricated allegation might have led to – where players involved might have received bans of up to three or four years – was also taken into account.
In the 2015-16 NFD match at Old Peter Mokaba Stadium‚ five Usuthu players – Thabo Moloi‚ Marc van Heerden‚ Robyn Johannes‚ Sage Stephens and Ayanda Dlamini – heatedly approached Hobwane at the final whistle.
An allegation was made in Mulaudzi's match commissioner's report that Hobwane had been kicked in the ankle by Moloi.
A letter was also sent to the Premier Soccer League (PSL) by Anwar alleging that Moloi had also “hit Hobwane in the back with their fist from a close distance” and that Van Heerden and Johannes were “shoving and pulling Linos around”.
Photo evidence of Hobwane's alleged injuries were supplied.
AmaZulu and the players were charged with unsporting behaviour.
However‚ in the PSL disciplinary committee hearing in May 2016‚ video evidence emerged that debunked an allegation of assault.
The video‚ seen by SowetanLIVE‚ shows the players encroaching on Hobwane‚ but being held back by the two referee security officials‚ and not coming close enough to have proper contact with the match official.
AmaZulu and the five players were found guilty of bringing the league into disrepute.
In their ruling‚ the DC chairperson‚ former Safa CEO Raymond Hack‚ said the PSL would like Safa – who control refereeing – to “investigate the reports given by the assistant referee‚ referee and the match commissioner in view of the fact that they gave evidence under oath‚ specifically in regard to the television footage‚ which was shown to us in regard to the alleged assault”.
After an investigation‚ Safa's DC was held on November 15.
An “ambitious” vision to grow London Luton Airport over 30 years has been revealed by owner London Luton Airport Ltd (LLAL) as part of Luton Council's £1.5bn investment programme.
Luton Council is LLAL's sole shareholder and airport growth is crucial to the authority's 20-year ‘Luton Investment Framework' – a plan which hopes to attact £1.5bn in investment to Luton and create 18,500 new jobs along with other opportunities for residents.
Cllr Andy Malcolm, chair of LLAL and Luton Council's portfolio holder for finance, said: “London Luton Airport is a huge success story. On the back of 44 consecutive months of passenger growth, it is the fifth largest and fastest growing major airport in the UK, sustaining an estimated 33,000 jobs across the region, and contributing more than £1.5bn per year into the UK economy.
“The airport's growth has been so fast in fact that at its current rate it is due to reach the current permitted capacity of 18 mppa in 2021.”
For each additional one million passengers travelling through London Luton Airport every year, there is an increase of up to 800 new jobs and a £76m uplift for the regional economy, estimates from Oxford Economics suggest.
Nationally, demand for flying is showing a projected shortfall of 60 million passengers per year in UK airports by 2050.
Cllr Malcolm added: “There is now a vital need to plan for London Luton Airport's long-term future, to ensure the regional economy can enjoy the benefits of this through inclusive growth and to help meet demand for UK aviation.
“At the same time, we are acutely aware of the consequences of having an international airport on the doorstep. Our commitment is to bring forward not only a more modern and efficient but also an environmentally and socially responsible London Luton Airport.”
LLAL has begun to develop its plans with some environmental policies in place, new best-in-class air quality monitoring has been commissioned.
However, LLAL acknowledged that more work is needed to tackle the negative impacts on climate change and the environment associated with airport expansion.
The company stated: “Ahead of any future expansion work, we will develop a comprehensive strategy to reduce where possible carbon emissions associated with additional construction and operation of LTN.”
Construction is due to start next year on the £225m passenger transfer service Luton DART (Direct Air to Rail Transit) which promises to slash journey times from Luton Airport Parkway to the terminal to three minutes.
Under the London Luton Airport (LTN) Vision for Sustainable Growth 2020-2050, passenger capacity would go from 18 million to 36-38 mppa, and the airport would accommodate 240,000 annual air traffic movements.
Growth at the airport would be achieved by making the best use possible of LTN's existing, single runway.
Through LLAL, London Luton Airport generates significant direct income for Luton Council, contributing £25.6m for vital services and infrastructure investment in 2016/17.
In addition, more than £120m has been provided since 2004 to local charities, community and voluntary organisations in Luton and communities affected by airport operations.
Leader of Luton Council Cllr Hazel Simmons added: “The past few years have been financially challenging for many people. To meet some of these challenges we have been working hard to bring more money and opportunities into the town to improve people's lives.
“LLAL is working with us as a key partner in delivering the Luton Investment Framework, and it is clear that the airport cannot stand still if it is to pull its weight for Luton and for the UK and sub-regional economies.”
There is now a lot of work to do as LLAL's technical team considers the airport's medium to long-term capacity within its particular constraints, and the immediate result will be a draft masterplan for how this can be achieved.
LLAL is committed to a full, robust and thorough approach to engagement with residents and communities, and will begin consulting on the masterplan in mid-2018.
The likely outcome is that LLAL will need to submit an application for a Development Consent Order to the national Planning Inspectorate, as it would be considered a Nationally Significant Infrastructure Project.
Cllr Malcolm said: “Our vision is to make the best use of the existing runway to provide the maximum benefit to the local and sub-regional economy, deliver good levels of service to all the airport's customers and to actively manage environmental impacts at the local and wider levels in line with our commitment to responsible and sustainable development.
“To be clear, we will not be proposing either a second or an extended runway.
“We will invest all necessary time and resource to carefully consider all the infrastructure, access and environmental protection issues with neighbouring authorities, regulators and the wider community.
“We will work tirelessly to keep everyone informed of developments and proposals as soon as they emerge, and make sure everyone has an opportunity to feed into the process and provide comments which will be very carefully considered at every step on this important journey.”
The London Luton Airport Vision for Sustainable Growth 2020-2050 is available to view online at www.llal.org.uk
LLAL's aim is to secure consent within four years, and will have more details available next year. In the meantime, comments or questions can be sent to vision2050@llal.org.uk.
Sukkur
Senior Superintendent Police (SSP) Sukkur, Amjad Shaikh Wednesday said that the traffic police had been directed to make all-out efforts to avoid traffic jams on city roads, especially during last days of the holy month of Ramzan. They said the Traffic Police Sukkur had made special arrangements to control traffic on city roads, aimed at avoiding traffic mess. They said that a comprehensive traffic plan had been devised in this regard which was being implemented in order to avert traffic jams.—APP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tiger Woods has cancelled a press conference ahead of the Genesis Open as they continue to struggle with the back spasms which forced their withdrawal from the event.
Woods had been due to speak to the media on Tuesday as the tournament benefits their foundation, but initially postponed the press conference at Riviera Country Club by 24 hours.
Tournament organisers then announced late on Tuesday evening that Woods has been "advised by doctors to limit all activities" as they try to recover from the spasms which saw their latest comeback aborted earlier this month.
"This is more precautionary," Woods's agent Mark Steinberg told ESPN.com. "This isn't about them not doing a press conference. What is going to be accomplished? What are they going to say? That they hope their back spasms calm down.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
"This is about the Genesis Open, the Tiger Woods Foundation and supporting Hyundai and their foundation.  They are doing all they can without having to get up and move around all that much so that they can put themselves in the best position to recover.
"He is just having a hard time getting these spasms to calm down. And he's working on that on an hourly basis. He's got personnel working with them to help pacify that."
Supreme Court Delivers Blow To Republicans, Declines To Take Up Pa. Redistricting
Enlarge this image toggle caption Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP
The U.S. Supreme Court declined to take up a Republican challenge to the newly drawn Pennsylvania congressional map ahead of the 2018 elections.
The decision means Republicans have few, if any, options remaining to try to stem a map that will almost certainly result in Democrats picking up potentially three or four seats and could make half a dozen or more competitive.
Tomorrow is the filing deadline for candidates for Pennsylvania's April 26th primaries.
Last month, the Supreme Court also declined to block the state court decision that said the old GOP-drawn map violated the Pennsylvania Constitution.
Republicans drew a gerrymandered map in 2011 that resulted in a 13-5 congressional district advantage. That was despite Democrats having won the state in five straight presidential elections at the time.
Democrats need to win a net of 24 seats to win a majority in the U.S. House.
The decision comes on the same day a federal court dismissed a lawsuit filed by Republican members of congress challenging the new map. It's a double gut punch to the GOP and all but guarantees that Democrats pick up a few seats, and in an election with control of Congress at stake, every seat counts.
Legally, the challenge could also open the path to a slew of state court challenges.
Challengers to the 2011 GOP-drawn map called into question its legality based on the state constitution, a rarity that could provide a road map for challengers in other states.
The Supreme Court's decision Monday also shows a possible reluctance to weigh in on state law when it comes to redistricting.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
It appears Volkswagen's motorsport division has been busy since ending its dominant run in the World Rally Championship at the close of the 2016 season.
VW has confirmed it will be returning to the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in 2018, with 2017's winner Romain Dumas set to hop behind the wheel of a custom race car called the ID R Pikes Peak.
The wild car, which is linked with VW's upcoming ID family of road-going electric cars, will compete in Pikes Peak's Electric Modified Class, in which VW aims to set a record time. The time to beat is the 8:57.118, set in 2016 by New Zealand's Rhys Millen. The overall record for Pikes Peak remains the insane 8:13.878 set in 2013 by Sébastien Loeb in a custom 875-horsepower Peugeot racer.
All we know about VW's ID R Pikes Peak is that it will have four-wheel drive. Its powertrain is said to be related to the one in VW's MEB modular electric car platform that will underpin the new ID family of cars. VW says it's using the race as chance to prove its technology in the harshest of conditions.
The last time VW was at Pikes Peak was in 1987. Driving a beast of car derived from a humble Golf, Jochi Kleint came close to tasting overall victory but was forced to retire a few corners from the finish when their car suffered mechanical issues. The honors that year ended up with Walter Röhrl in an Audi Sport Quattro E2.
“We want to be at the forefront of electro-mobility with Volkswagen and the ID family,” VW R&D boss Frank Welsch said in a statement. “Competing in the most famous hill climb in the world with the ID R Pikes Peak is a valuable test for the general development of electric cars.”
The new motorsport project is just one part of VW's efforts to transform itself into the leading producer of electric vehicles, post the diesel scandal. Recall, the automaker is heavily focused on electric cars and expects to have 23 available by 2025.
The 2018 Pikes Peak International Hill Climb is scheduled for June 24.
By Ibrahim Alawi
JEDDAH — Mohammed and Ahmed Saud Al-Fadl, Saudi twin brothers, were always together, even at the time of death when a terrorist gunned down 39 people including the twins in Istanbul on Sunday.
The 24-year-old twins were spending some quality time together in Istanbul after graduating from a university.
Their eldest brother Amr said the twins traveled to Istanbul for tourism.
Amer said the Saudi Embassy in Ankara informed them about the death of the twins in the attack.
They did not know when the bodies would be flown to the Kingdom but said they were presently being kept at the forensic department in Istanbul.
Lubna Ghaznawi, a 24-year-old Saudi girl, also died in the attack in which about 11 other Saudis were injured, their sister Mayadah announced.
They said Lubna was with two of their girlfriends when the attack took place.
Mayadah said one of their sister's friends, Nura Badrawi died later of their injuries.
The Saudi consul in Istanbul, Abdullah Al-Rashidan, said the consulate is working around the clock to help its citizens, and called on any citizen who has been harmed to contact the consulate immediately either through the phone or through the consulate's website or Twitter account.
A gunman stormed the Reina club, one of Istanbul's most exclusive nightspots, and went on a shooting rampage inside, according to Turkish officials who said the 39 dead included at least 15 foreigners.
Re: Taxes should reflect reality, Letters Dec. 24
Taxes should reflect reality, Letters Dec. 24
A formerly derelict building at 401 Richmond, bought for $1.5 million, was turned into an envied place for about 30 cultural groups and is now worth about $50 million, and people are complaining.
How about if they go with success: sell that place, buy and fix up a much larger derelict building, making a home for 100 or even 300 cultural groups. Think about all those who could also benefit but who aren't currently.
And then when that place becomes worth 30 times as much . . .
Observer Reporter
Sindh Inspector General (IG) Allah Dino Khawaja's forced leave is due to end on January 2. According to details, they will be resuming their duties from January 3.
AD Khawaja was sent on forced leave on December 19 after which the responsibilities of Sindh IGwere handed over to Additional IG Mushtaq Mehar.
“What struck me re-reading it, and thinking back to how I felt at the time, was how in a way the ghost of Enoch Powell still stalks British politics.”
Lord Hain, BBC, April 15, 2018
Speeches are often at the mercy of their interpreters and biographers. They can incite and encourage just as they can deflate and demoralise. On April 20, 1968, Enoch Powell, a political figure who still stirs the blood of the milk-and-honey protectors of the strife free inclusive society, issued a dire warning.
In their mistermed “Rivers of Blood” speech, Powell claimed before Conservative party members in Birmingham that Britain was “busily engaged in heaping up its own funeral pyre”, with people becoming “strangers in their own country”. They spoke of “wives unable to obtain hospital beds in childbirth, their children unable to obtain school places, their homes and neighbourhoods changed beyond all recognition, their plans and prospects for the future defeated”.
It did not stop here: “at work they found their employers hesitated to apply to the immigrant worker the standards of discipline and competence required of the native born worker; they began to hear, as time went by, more and more voices which told them that they were now the unwanted.”
Rich in discomforting implication, they conveyed the view put forth by one of their constituents, who might well have sounded like a modern UKIP voter: “in this country in 15 or 20 years' time the black man will have the whip hand over the white man.”
Ugly stuff indeed, though there are points when Powell is sympathetic. They conceded that there were those Commonwealth immigrants, “many thousands whose wish and purpose is to be integrated and whose every thought and endeavour is bent in that direction.” To expect, however, this sentiment to prevail amongst the “great and growing the majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception, and a dangerous one.”
Powell, then shadow minister, was dismissed by an alarmed Edward Heath. It was a point of severe disagreement with various East End dockers and meat porters from Smithfield, who protested in some numbers. They were duly, as one biographer notes, drowned in 100,000 letters and some 700 telegrams. Despite their exit from the front bench, Powell haunted conservative immigration policy sufficiently to influence Heath when in government to pass the 1971 Immigration Act.
It has become a matter of routine: All anniversaries on Powell's speech begin with an error, one spawned in its immediate aftermath. To even christen the speech with the title of “Rivers of Blood” was problematic in ignoring the original source of its inspiration, Book IV of Virgil's Aeneid: “Like the Roman, I seem to see ‘the River of Tiber flowing with much blood'.”
Other errors, omissions, and misunderstandings populate readings of Powell. Far from being illiberal in any jackboot sense, they were citing immigration as a possible cause of strife that could prove inimical to democracy. This was liberalism turned inside out, ugly yet comprehensible on a certain level.
Having worked for military intelligence in India between 1943 and 1946, they feared the possible introduction into British life of the very communalism that was sundering a country they admired, albeit through the worn lenses of a dusty imperialism. But as the world recovered from the trauma of a global conflict, Powell persisted to see Britain's colonies as examples of liberal paternalism and possible future danger.
Historians have attempted to chew what they can about their motivations in uttering those words at Birmingham. Racialism in some way, certainly, though a picture somewhat more complex than that. Did Powell do so on the belief that Britain had to sever itself from its own imperial offspring? The empire, having set, had been replaced by a Commonwealth of nations they would rather have ignored.
In an excellent feat of digging, Peter Brooke in the Historical Journal (Sep. 2007) identified a prescient statement made by Powell in a report (December 3, 1946) drawn up for the Conservative Research Department. While economically driven in its attempt to assess India's future, Powell levels a tantalising snifter on their thinking:
“That division of labour and specialization of production should be bounded by international frontiers is to some extent inevitable because men have differences other than economic ones, such as political and racial, and value certain other aims more highly than economic aims.”
It brutally states the case of familiarity over difference, the prospect of dangers in mingling the two. There were the nations “closely connected politically and racially as the British Dominions”; then there were those differences “between European and Asiatic nations.” There could be no “redistribution of population” between India “and other nations, especially European nations.”
Historical nuance can be a drag, but Powell continues to remain the kryptonite of political discussion. Even after all these years it was deemed controversial to even broadcast the Birmingham speech in full, as if taking a few snippets of it (read, hacking off most of it) would somehow do service to balanced meaning.
Andrew Adonis, Labour member of the House of Lords, deemed the speech “the worst incitement to racial violence by a public figure in modern Britain” insisting the BBC not broadcast it in an act of pre-emptive responsibility. Censorship was their implausible suggestion, given that any politician, were they to make a similar speech today “would almost certainly be arrested and charged with serious offences.”
Anyone who challenges the established notion that EP was an off-his-head racist is similarly shouted down. “He wasn't a racist in the crude sense,” claimed UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton, a qualification that might have been better stated. “Powell actually changed politics by articulating the fears and resentments of millions and millions of people who are being ignored by the establishment.” True envy indeed.
Twitter offers very view avenues for explanation but is delightful for vitriol and reflex stomping. Powell was hardly going to get much of a hearing at the hands of Leanne Wood in Wales, who had already considered them a sharpened spear to be used by UKIP. “If anyone was in any doubt that UKIP are ideologically far right, listen again to their Assembly leader justifying Enoch Powell's racist speech on @BBCRadioWales. UKIP are keeping Powell's racist rhetoric going.”
It is precisely the snippets, the cuts and incisions made to speech – and in some cases total prohibition – that make subsequent interpretations flawed, even dangerous. Rarely are incitements to hatreds the products of lengthy observations about a state of affairs. More often than not, they stem from one portion, a slice, a section.
Political figures have tended to avoid Powell like the pox but Brexit Britain is, to a large extent, a continuation of one strand of dominant resentment alluded to fifty years ago. The concept of the inclusive integrated society battles that of those beyond accommodation. Anxieties remain.
Where hashtags count for substantive discourse, Powell will not so much rank as burn. Their words will be taken into an orbit of social media mash, and then re-delivered in unrecognisable form. The BBC will be attacked for conveying the fuller picture, even in the context of historical analysis. In its effort of balance, which was bound to be criticised, the Beeb's statement of explanation for broadcasting the speech on Radio 4's Archive on 4 was credible as it was desirable. “It's not an endorsement of the controversial views themselves and people should wait to hear the programme before they judge it.”
Dr. Binoy Kampmark was a Commonwealth Scholar at Selwyn College, Cambridge. They lecture at RMIT University, Melbourne. Email: [email protected]
VANCOUVER—A female stunt driver working on the movie Deadpool 2 has died after a crash on a set for the film in downtown Vancouver.
Vancouver police say the driver was on a motorcycle when the crash occurred on the movie set on Monday morning.
Sharmina Kermalli said they had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when they heard a loud crash.
They ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with their body inside and their head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
Annual Crime Brief 2017 has declared that crime has gone down from last year in Singapore after data revealed only 32,773 cases have been reported, which is around one percent lower than 33,099 cases in 2016.
Crimes have been categorised into two sections: Violent/Serious Property Crimes and Theft and Related Crimes.
The first category has decreased by 12.4% to 218 cases in 2017, from 249 cases in 2016. Moreover, robberies have declined by 26.0% to 71 cases in 2017, from 96 cases in 2016.
On the other hand, theft and related crimes decreased by 4.4% to 13,495 cases in 2017, from 14,122 cases in 2016. Experts attribute the decrease to continuous crime prevention efforts by police. They have significantly increased the number of patrol in malls and crowded places during peak periods.
However, The Lion city has witnessed an increase in internet love scam cases. Such cases have increased by 29.9% to 825 cases in 2017, from 635 cases in 2016. Moreover, according to the reports, the total amount cheated increased by 54.2% to about $37 million in 2017 from about $24 million in 2016.
This is mainly because experts say, people are trusting people they meet online and are willing to transfer money to them.
Very recently, a married woman has been jailed for laundering money from their company after they were tricked by a man whom they met online.
When the woman named Loke Pui Ling, 44, found that their online boyfriend Sean was supposedly facing some financial difficulties, they illegally took more than $42,000 from their employer and sent some of the money to Nigeria and deposited the remaining amount to different bank accounts.
Police arrested the woman, who also has two children and has been given 16 months of imprisonment by District Judge Samuel Chua on Monday, January 29.
On February 2, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) said that Singapore continued to be a safe and secure place to live in, going by the considerable decline in crime rate in 2017.
In a statement on Thursday, Feb 1, citing the Economist Intelligence Unit's 2017 Safe Cities Index, the ministry reiterated that Singapore was ranked the world's second-safest city after Tokyo in terms of personal security and safety. Singapore scored 89.54 compared to Tokyo's 89.80 in the index and its rank has remained unchanged since 2015.
Hatters boss Nathan Jones is undecided whether they will use the funds received from Isaac Vassell's sale to Birmingham City this morning to bolster their attacking options.
Although the fee that the Blues paid remains undisclosed, the Luton chief is confident that if it wants to make a 10th signing of the season, they would be given the green light ahead of the transfer window closing at the end of the month.
If it's something we can do then I'm sure the board will back me as they have on every other transfer. Nathan Jones
Jones said: “We'll see, we don't want to just bring a player in for the sake of it.
“We've brought in Elliot Lee, which again, is from a higher level, they need to play. Harry (Cornick) is one to develop and one to get better and how quickly they do mean any urgency to replace an Isaac type will be shown.
“But we have two of the best in the league in terms of (Danny) Hylton and (James) Collins and providing all four stay fit, we're well covered in that area.
“It's not just bringing a body in for a bodies sake. We didn't want to lose Isaac Vassell, because Isaac Vassell was ingrained in our environment and our culture.
“We liked them and they were different to what the other two were, so if something different comes up, we have an opportunity to do it.
“If not we're not going to say ‘we've got money, we're going to spend it.' No, the board has invested lots of money in the squad already, invested a lot of money in our training ground and our environment and anything we ask for, we get.
“So they've invested a lot of money, and we're not going to be wasting it. If it's something we can do then I'm sure the board will back me as they have on every other transfer.”
Although losing Vassell will have massive effect on Town's speed options upfront, Jones believes the existing forwards are still fleet of foot enough to cause problems, as they said: “We have good pace, Danny is a quick one, Elliot's sharp and Cornick is pure pace.
“But we'll see what's out there. Obviously we wouldn't have wanted to lose that amount of pace, but it's football and it's happened, now we have to move on and see where we are.”
Although the undisclosed fee that Luton pocketed was deemed more than enough to allow Vassell to leave, Jones would rather have kept hold of their striker, adding: “The club will make enough money that it was in a difficult position to turn down, but realistically we wanted to keep them as we didn't want to replace him.
“We were very comfortable with what we had, and we let Jack (Marriott) go for example, because Jack at the time was fourth choice, but that's the way it is today.”
Sri Lanka failed to challenge the world's top-ranked test side during the three-match series and the gulf in quality between the two sides was clearly visible.
"This was the toughest series in eight years playing international cricket, no doubt," Chandimal told reporters after their side lost the final test in Pallekele on Monday.
"We were not able to take the games to five days.
"The previous two were four-day tests, and this was a three-day test. Since I've been in this team, this is the worst series loss I've experienced."
Angelo Mathews stepped down as captain last month after Sri Lanka's maiden one-day international series loss to Zimbabwe at home calling it the lowest point of their career.
Chandimal was handed the reins of the test team and led the side to a four-wicket victory in the test against the African side.
The 27-year-old, however, missed the opening test against India in Galle with pneumonia but returned to captain the side in the remaining two matches.
While citing injuries to top players as one of the reasons for Sri Lanka's lacklustre performance, Chandimal said the lack of runs from senior batsmen was a factor as well.
"Consistency has been a huge issue this series," Chandimal said. "Some players cannot perform well in every series. As seniors, you have to do well, and then the youngsters will follow.
"Angelo and I couldn't get amidst the runs, and we take a lot of blame for that. But we were trying very hard in the middle ... and we've been training very hard.
"I have the lot of faith the seniors will come back strongly when we take on Pakistan."
Sri Lanka will next play a full series against Pakistan and the skipper asked the fans to keep supporting the side.
"I want to convey our disappointment to all of our fans," Chandimal said. "To all Sri Lankan fans here and away from home, we are very disappointed about our performance.
"The fans have always supported us. They encourage us always. Although we were losing, people were still applauding us. That is what the team needs now. We cannot let the players be mentally down."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
MANILA : The poverty rate in the Philippines has declined by 5 percent but the World Bank (WB) stressed on Wednesday the need to provide more well-paying jobs especially to the 22 millions Filipinos who still live below the poverty line.
The World Bank says in a new poverty assessment report released on Wednesday that robust growth in the Philippines over the past decade has helped reduce the national poverty rate.
Despite the generally good economic performance, the report however says poverty remains high and the pace of poverty reduction has been slow.
From 2006 to 2015, the latest available data, the report says that robust economic growth helped the poverty rate in the Philippines to fall by 5 percent.
The report says poverty declined from 26.6 percent in 2006 to 21.6 percent in 2015, due to factors like the expansion of jobs outside agriculture, government transfers, in particular to qualified poor Filipinos through the Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program (a conditional cash transfer program), and remittances.
The report finds that increased wage income and the movement of workers out of agriculture, transfers from government social programs, and remittances from domestic and foreign sources were major forces in the poverty decline over the past decade.
These gains were tempered by growth that was slower and had a less pro-poor pattern than in many other East Asian countries, as well as the high inequality of income and wealth and the adverse impacts of natural disasters and conflicts, the report says.
“This experience gives us hope that the Philippines can overcome poverty,” said Mara Warwick, WB country director for Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Thailand.
“With a strong economy, the country is well-placed to end the vicious cycles of unequal opportunity that trap people in poverty, set in place measures to improve service delivery, and boost job opportunities,” Warwick said.
In 2015, some 22 million Filipinos, or more than one-fifth of the population, still live below the national poverty line.
Constraints to achieving faster poverty reduction, according to the report, include the less pro-poor pattern of growth; high inequality of income and opportunities; and the adverse impacts of natural disasters and conflict.
Most poor Filipinos have low levels of education and live in large households headed by individuals who are self-employed or work in agriculture as laborers or smallholder producers.
The poorest households are those dependent on agriculture as their main source of income and most of them live in the countryside, in areas prone to disasters or in the conflict-affected areas of Mindanao in southern Philippines.
“Making a difference in Mindanao makes a big difference to the Philippines. Increasing public investment in Mindanao to boost development there would expand opportunities for conflict-affected communities, broaden access to services and create more and better jobs,” said Xubei Luo, senior economist at the World Bank's Poverty and Equity Global Practice.
Inequitable investment in human capital and insufficient well-paying job opportunities trap the poor in poverty across generations, the report explains. High concentrations of wealth constrain equal opportunities and access to services, which are necessary for inclusive growth. Natural disasters disproportionately and repeatedly batter the poorest regions of the country, miring them in higher levels of poverty.
The government has prepared strategic plans focused on reducing poverty, specifically AmBisyon 2040, a long-term vision to bring down poverty and improve the lives of the poorest segments of the population, and the Philippine Development Plan (PDP) from 2017 to 2022.
The PDP 2017-2022 spells out strategies and priorities to lay down a solid foundation for more inclusive growth. These plans target reducing poverty to 13 to 15 percent by 2022.
“The assessment provides us an opportunity to strengthen our collaboration in addressing poverty,” Economic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia said.
FIVE Aussie golfers will take to the already controversial Erin Hills Golf Course this week for the 117th US Open.
The Aussie charge is led by world number three Jason Day, number twelve Adam Scott, serial major performer Marc Leishman as well as Nick Flanagan and Wade Ormsby. (We have a full run down of their form and tee times etc below)
Much of the pre event attention has been on the Erin Hills course itself, with various opinions about its fitness as a major event.
The course, located in the north central United States 55 km northwest of Milwaukee, was only opened in 2006 and much of its design was aimed at specifically attracting the open. (Full course flyover videos below)
This week we've had golfers like a very agitated Kevin Na and a bemused Lee Westwood posting videos on the dense fescue rough (a lot of which has since been mowed apparently) and others like Rory McIllroy saying the fairways are so wide no one in form should be in the rough.
The architects meanwhile were sprouting the unusually penalising bunkers and some closely mown greenside runoffs as the real course defences.
Many of the 138 bunkers on the par 72 course are not flat at the base meaning players will be getting lots of downhill, uphill and sideway lies. Many of the greenside bunkers are also erratically shaped and players will find themselves in positions where they don't have a swing at the flag.
Pros don't usually mind being in greenside bunkers, but maybe not many of these.
We are among those just hoping for a tournament that is a real test of skill for the world's best golfers and that the event is won by the golfer in the best form, and not by a course oddity or some rules controversy.
US Open 1st Round Aussie Tee Times
Round One Tee Times (Wisconsin USA time, AEST)
12.30pm 3.30am 10th Wade Ormsby (AUS), Oliver Bekker (RSA), Kyle Thompson (USA)
1.14pm 4.14am 1st Marc Leishman (AUS), Pat Perez (USA), Si Woo Kim (KOR)
1.25pm 4.25am 10thNick Flanagan (AUS), Richie Ramsay (SCO), Bryson DeChambeau (USA)
1.36pm 4.36am 1st Bubba Watson (USA), Adam Scott (AUS), Sergio Garcia (ESP)
2.09pm 5.09am 1st Jason Day (AUS), Justin Rose (ENG), Rory McIlroy (NIR) –
2017 US Open Leaderboard
US OPEN LEADERBOARD
2017 US Open Australian TV Times
US OPEN LIVE TV COVERAGE
Erin Hills Video Preview (Holes 1-9)
Erin Hills Course Preview (Holes 10-18)
US Open Aussie Form Guide
Jason Day:
World ranking: 3
Number of tournaments played this year: 11
Best finish this year: 2nd – AT&T Byron Nelson
Last victory: 15 May 2016 – THE PLAYERS Championship
How they got in the field: Winning the PGA Championship in 2015
Record at The U.S.Open:
2011 – 2
2012 – T59
2013 – T2
2014 – T4
2015 – T9
2016 – T8
Adam Scott:
World ranking: 12
Number of tournaments played this year: 9 (PGA TOUR)
Best finish this year: tied 6th THE PLAYERS Championship
Last victory: 6 March 2016 – WGC – Cadillac Championship
How they got in the field: Winning The Masters in 2013
Record at The U.S. Open:
2002 – MC
2003 – MC
2004 – MC
2005 – T28
2006 – T21
2007 – MC
2008 – T26
2009 – T36
2010 – MC
2011 – MC
2012 – T15
2013 – T45
2014 – T9
2015 – T4
2016 – T18
Marc Leishman:
World ranking: 35
Number of tournaments played this year: 13 (PGA TOUR)
Best finish this year: 1st – Arnold Palmer Invitational
Last victory: 19 March 2017 – Arnold Palmer Invitational – PGA TOUR
How they got in the field: Top-60 in the Official World Golf Rankings as of 22 May 2017
Record at The U.S. Open:
2010 – MC
2011 – T51
2012 – DNP
2013 – MC
2014 – DNP
2015 – MC
2016 – T18
Wade Ormsby:
World ranking: 452
Number of tournaments played this year: 10 (European Tour)
2 (ISPS HANDA PGA Tour of Australasia)
Best finish this year: 8th ISPS HANDA World Super 6 Perth
Last victory: 7 April 2013 – Panasonic Open India – Asian Tour
How they got in the field: Sectional Qualifying via Walton Heath Golf Club
Record at The U.S. Open: Has not played before
Nick Flanagan:
World ranking: 1927
Number of Professional tournaments played this year: 1 (Web.com Tour)
Best finish this year: MC – BMW Charity Pro-Am
Last victory: 20 May 2012 – BMW Charity Pro-Am – Web.com Tour
How they got in the field: Sectional Qualifying at Lakewood Country Club
Record at The U.S. Open:
2004 – MC
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOYALSOCK TOWNSHIP -- An employee brought a gun to school one day after an elementary school in Lycoming County received a threatening voice mail.
"We were not in any imminent danger the state police went directly to the person's home we had the information of who made the phone call,” said Suzanne Foresman.
The principal at Donald E. Shick Elementary School, Suzanne Foresman is talking about the phone call police say a man from South Williamsport made to their school.
81-year-old Lawrence Stabler has been charged with terroristic threats. He's accused of leaving a threatening voice mail on the school's absentee phone line this week. Court papers say Stabler left an explicit message saying in part:
"I'm going to find out what your ___ address is, and believe me, three sticks of dynamite will get rid of you and all your ____ bull ... "
In court, Stabler said they didn't mean to call the school.
They say someone was calling and harassing him. When they tried to call that person back they must have called the school by mistake.
"When I received the message it was something that we take very seriously regardless of whether it was towards the school or not towards the school," said Foresman.
Within an hour of hearing the voice mail school officials tell us they contacted parents throughout the district, but some parents like John Shannon didn't get the call right away
"I don't feel safe with them going to school and thank God I didn't because a teacher bringing a weapon to school today," said John Shannon.
Less than a day after the threat school officials had to call parents again.
"After last night's situation, we had an employee this morning who brought a gun to school. They stated that it was for their own personal protection,” said Superintendent Gerald McLaughlin.
"I would say that's a darn fool of them because we're, kids are supposed to be innocent," said Paityn Shannon.
"I'm appalled by it, and I'm actually not sending my child back to school. I'm going to home school my child because of this, because you can't trust this world anymore," said Shannon.
School officials say the employee has been suspended. Police do not plan on filing charges against that employee.
"We were not in any imminent danger the state police went directly to the person's home we had the information of who made the phone call,” said Suzanne Foresman.
The principal at Donald E. Shick elementary school Suzanne Foresman is talking about the phone call police say this man made to their school.
81-year-old Lawrence Stabler has been charged with terroristic threats. He's accused of leaving a threatening voice mail on the school's absentee phone line this week. Court papers say Stabler left an explicit message saying in part:
"I'm going to find out what your ___ address is, and believe me, three sticks of dynamite will get rid of you and all your ____ bull ... "
In court, Stabler said they didn't mean to call the school.
They say someone was calling and harassing him. When they tried to call that person back they must have called the school by mistake.
"When I received the message it was something that we take very seriously regardless of whether it was towards the school or not towards the school," said Foresman.
Within an hour of the hearing the voice mail school officials tell us they contacted parents throughout the district, but some parents like John Shannon didn't get the call right away
"I don't feel safe with them going to school and thank God I didn't because a teacher bringing a weapon to school today," said John Shannon.
Less than a day after the threat school officials had to call parents again.
"After last night's situation, we had an employee this morning who brought a gun to school. They stated that it was for their own personal protection,” said Superintendent Gerald McLaughlin.
"I would say that's a darn fool of them because we're, kids are supposed to be innocent," said Paityn Shannon.
"I'm appalled by it and I'm actually not sending my child back to school. I'm going to home school my child because of this, because you can't trust this world anymore," said Shannon.
School officials say the employee has been suspended. Police do not plan on filing charges against that employee.
BUSINESS
(The Korea Exchange)
Information technology solutions firm Cafe24 gained Monday preliminary approval for an initial public offering on the nation‘s second-tier Kosdaq market operated by the Korea Exchange, marking the first company to be listed through the operator's “Tesla Policy” introduced in December 2016.Cafe24, a Korean company that offers IT solutions for sellers looking to create online retailers, is expected to earn some 40 billion won ($36.6 million) through the entry into Kosdaq slated in February 2018.The Tesla Policy is designed to offer an abridged screening process to list a firm in the red that has high potential.The policy is expected to prop up the second bourse as a “cradle of risk capital,” according to KRX, amid concerns about powerhouses' flight from the Kosdaq. Internet giant Kakao was relisted from Kosdaq to the top-tier Kospi in July, while biosimilar maker Celltrion submitted documents to KRX to transfer to the Kospi from Kosdaq on Dec. 5.The policy was named after Tesla, a US electric vehicle maker that suffered funding shortfalls from its foundation in 2004, but emerged as a leading player in the industry after being listed on the US tech-heavy Nasdaq in 2010.KRX's policy had faced lukewarm response until Monday's announcement, in part due to underwriting securities firms' risks. An underwriter is obliged to buy stocks from investors when the stock price falls below 90 percent of the initially offered price within three months, through what is locally called the “put-back option.”Founded in 1999, Cafe24 had 2.72 billion won in net losses in 2016. Three securities firms -- Mirae Asset Daewoo, Yuanta Securities and Hanwha Investment & Securities -- will participate in the IPO process as underwriters.By Son Ji-hyoung
glovella Every one of the outcomes conveyed by this item are demonstrated clinically so you can apply it unhesitatingly. Sensational outcomes are sitting tight for you and you add up to excellence is inactive in this item. with no skin unfavorably susceptible or tingling side effects occurring on your skin, this item works definitely.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the heroes of the London Bridge attacks said they refused to let the terrorists win as they returned to Borough Market for a drink on the day they left hospital.
Just 11 days after they charged the three attackers bearing ceramic knives , Sunday Express business editor Geoff Ho posted a picture of themselves enjoying a fruit juice and smiling as the market reopened.
They tweeted : "Made a detour on the way home to support all my friends at @boroughmarket. Totally worth it."
Earlier, they revealed they had been discharged from the Royal London Hospital, having recovered from being stabbed in the neck during the siege.
(Photo: Ayes Gokkaya)
In another tweet, they spoke of explaining to a New York Times reporter at the market: "If you stop living your life & doing what you do, you become a victim. They win. That ain't happening."
The market had been closed following the attack which saw eight killed, until its famous bell was rung at 10am on Wednesday.
A spokesperson for Borough Market said that "people were moved to tears" at the opening, while its chair of trustees, Donald Hyslop, said: "Today we begin to reclaim and remake this place with you."
TIRANA, June 30 – Artists from Kosovo and Albania opened a photo exhibition showcasing the creatures living at the country's Divjakë-Karavasta National Park, in what organizers said is a first-ever event of its kind promoting the countryside's fauna.
One of the photographers' main aim with the exhibition is to attract attention to the variety of birds and animals that risk extinction and that have been photographed for the first time in Albania or Kosovo.
The Divjakë-Karavasta National Park is considered one of the most valuable natural treasures in the country.
“Some of the photographs shown here are exhibited for the first time to the public, there are species discovered for the first time in both Kosovo and Albania and it was organized by Wildlife Photographers Albania, by all the Albanians living in the country who took pictures, and it's the first of its kind,” Arian Mavriqi, photographer from Kosovo, said.
Mavriqi added that the photographers' aim is to raise awareness through the exhibition, and hopefully put an end to illegal hunting in the protected area, and the following destruction of the ecosystems.
“Through the photographs and the presentation of the fauna we enable people to get to know fauna species better and to preserve them, because the fauna is really important to our country – without it, natural life in the planet ceases to exist,” Mavriqi said.
They added that fauna in general is under risk from people, but that Wildlife Photographers hope that exhibitions like this can raise awareness, especially concerning illegal hunting and the destruction of ecosystems.
Locals also contributed in bringing the exhibition together, such as Altin Hila and their wife, who both grew up amid Divjaka's natural beauty.
“I've dealt with nature my entire life, as my parents educated me to love nature and, as a result, I always wanted to showcase this nature and show it to the world and people,” Hila told the Voice of America.
The exhibition includes 45 photographs from 11 different photographers.
Famous Albanian biologist Taulant Bino, who also attended the exhibition, valued their colleagues' work not only for their aesthetic composition, but also because of their aim of raising awareness.
“Above all, it gives a very important message for the protection of Albania's nature by showing its diversity and beauty; so, it raises the values of Albanian nature and by doing so, gives the message that this nature should be protected,” Bino said.
The exhibition has already been welcomed with great enthusiasm and curiosity, given the big number of visitors the valley and the exhibition premises have seen since its opening.
.....readers should know that this diligence is what mainstream media folk do all the time. It is, arguably, the main part of what makes us mainstream. It's costly, irritating, time-consuming, and often disappointing. The great scoop you thought you had fades in front of your eyes.
If you read a story in a paper like The Times, or you see it on a channel like the BBC or ITN, it's going to have been subjected to an editorial process that wants to get things right and that cares whether what it says is accurate. In my experience, working for serious newspapers, journalists absolutely hate getting things wrong.
The catalogue of journalistic "errors" in the US media over the last few weeks - the wrong ABC story about the instructions Michael Flynn supposedly received from Donald Trump, the still more wrong CNN story about the email sent to Donald Trump Junior about the publication of the Podesta emails by Wikileaks, and now the ludicrously wrong story in the Washington Post about Donald Trump and the supposedly empty stadium addressed by Donald Trump in Pensacola Bay - brings to mind a recent article by David Aaronovitch in the London Times.Writing on 30th November 2017 Aaronovitch contrasted - I thought a touch too portentously - the rigorous fact-checking of the mainstream media with the supposedly lax attitude to facts shown by the alternative media:These solemn words - written following the unmasking by the Washington Post of Jaime Phillips, a plant unsuccessfully sprung on the Washington Post by a group calling itself Project Veritas -about the supposed instructions given during the election by 'candidate' Trump to Michael Flynn. brilliantly dissected by Glenn Greenwald - concerning the email supposedly sent to Donald Trump Junior about the publication by Wikileaks of the Podesta emails.It turns out that this 'scoop' - heavily promoted by CNN throughout the day on 8th December 2017 - was based on a misreading of the date of the email, which was actually 14th September 2016 and not 4th September 2016 as CNN reported.It also turns out that CNN - and various other mainstream media organisations which independently reported the same story drawing on the same sources (almost certainly Democratic Party staffers in the House Intelligence Committee) - published and promoted its 'scoop' without first checking or even looking at the email in question.Moreover notwithstanding the indications that it might have been deliberately misled about the date of the email, CNN refuses to identify the sources of its false story (there are rumours that one of the sources may have been an aide of Congressman Adam Schiff).Now comes the even more ludicrous Washington Post story of the in reality not empty stadium in Pensacola Bay.Whilst this story is trivial, it well illustrates a point about the mainstream media's coverage of Donald Trump.In such war news becomes a weapon to be used ruthlessly in order to gain an advantage. Obviously that leaves no room for the rigorous fact-checking David Aaronovitch and other mainstream media pundits talk about.The result is an unending cascade of false stories about Donald Trump and about Russiagate which as Glenn Greenwald says have now become too numerous to list In such a climate protestations from the mainstream media about their rigorous approach to fact-checking should be seen for what they are: just more propaganda in an increasingly bitter media war.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — This city means business when it comes to hockey and is stating its (lower) case — no capital letters.
In a shot at the Vegas Golden Knights' opponent — the Washington Capitals — city officials are dispensing with capital letters on the official Twitter account.
The city posted a photo-shopped version of the famous Las Vegas sign with all lowercase letters on Friday and the message: “we're serious about #nocaps! #goknightsgo.” Since then, the city has been tweeting in all lowercase letters. MGM resorts also joined the push on its Twitter account.
The campaign comes in response to the Washington Capitals' “#ALLCAPS” social media push.
The expansion Golden Knights have made a startling run to the Stanley Cup Final and host Game 1 on Monday night.
NONPROBATE NOTICE TO CREDITORS
RCW 11.42.030
SUPERIOR COURT OF WASHINGTON FOR CLARK COUNTY
IN THE MATTER OF THE NONPROBATE ESTATE OF CHARLES H. TURNER, Deceased.
No. 18-4-01514-7
The Notice Agent named below has elected to give notice to creditors of the above-named Decedent. As of the date of the filing of a copy of this notice with the court, the Notice Agent has no knowledge of any other person acting as Notice Agent or of the appointment of a personal representative of the Decedent's Estate in the State of Washington. According to the records of the court as are available on the date of the filing of this notice with the court, a cause number regarding the Decedent has not been issued to any other Notice Agent and a Personal Representative of the Decedent's Estate has not been appointed.
Any persons having a claim against the Decedent must, before the time the claim would be barred by any otherwise applicable statute of limitations, present the claim in the manner as provided in RCW 11.42.070 by serving on or mailing to the Notice Agent or the Notice Agent's attorney at the address stated below a copy of the claim and filing the original of the claim with the court in which the Notice Agent's declaration and oath were filed. The claim must be presented within the later of: (1) Thirty days after the Notice Agent served or mailed the notice to the creditor as provided under RCW 11.42.020(2)(c); or (2) four months after the date of first publication of the notice. If the claim is not presented within this time frame, the claim is forever barred, except as otherwise provided in RCW 11.42.050 and 11.42.060. This bar is effective as to claims against both the Decedent's probate and nonprobate assets. Date of First Publication: May 25, 2018 The Notice Agent declares under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of Washington on May 10, 2018 at King County that the foregoing is true and correct. CHARLES SCOTT TURNER, Trustee of the Turner Family Trust, Notice Agent: Charles Scott Turner Attorney for the Notice Agent: T. Randall Grove, WSBA# 12238 Landerholm, P.S. Address for Mailing or Service: 805 Broadway, Suite 1000, P.O. Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666-1086 360-696-3312 Court of Notice Agent's Oath and Declaration: Superior Court of Washington for Clark County Cause number: 18-4-010514-7
Landerholm, 805 Broadway Street, Suite 1000, PO Box 1086, Vancouver, WA 98666 T: 360-696-3312 • F: 360-696-2122
May 25 Jun 1, 8 2018
Comments
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City's Opi Edwards has gained some glowing praise from Jerry Gill after their performance in last Saturday's draw for Bath City against Bognor Regis Town.
Robins loanee Edwards was back in the Romans starting XI and Gill described them as “outstanding” despite the game finishing 0-0.
Edwards, who is yet to play for the City first-team, joined Bath on a two-month loan deal at the end of October and has put in some strong displays for the National League South side.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
The 18-year-old netted a stunning goal on their debut in November as Bath beat East Thurrock United 4-0. The Robins academy player made a solo run into the area and unleashed an effort.
They were back fit after a recent hamstring injury and Gill was quick to single out the quick-footed player – saying they have a bright future in the game.
“I thought they were outstanding,” Gill told the Bath Chronicle about Edwards. “For someone who's been out with a hamstring injury, they certainly didn't look like they were carrying it or thinking about it.
“He's a very direct and really positive player. I think he's got a really bright future. He's such an enthusiastic lad who wants to learn, listens to you intensely and commits two or three players each time they run at them.”
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The Board of Directors at Ufone, an Etisalat Group Company, announced the appointment of Mr. Rashid Khan as acting CEO of Ufone effective August 15, 2017. Rashid Khan will replace Mr. Rainer Rathgeber who served as CEO Ufone for last one and half years and has decided to join their family in Europe.
Rainer joined Ufone as CEO in March 2016 and has since then managed a significant turnaround for the company. Commenting on their time at Ufone Rainer stated, “The time with Ufone has been one of the most exciting phases of my business life, thanks to everyone involved. But: It is time to normalize my family life.”
The incoming CEO, Rashid Khan shared, “I am very excited to take this role and look forward to leading this exceptional organization, dedicated and talented professionals to take the business forward.”
Rashid Khan has vast experience in the telecom arena in Pakistan including 6 years as CEO and Board member of Mobilink (now Jazz). “I would like to thank Rainer for their contributions to Ufone during their tenure and wish them all the best for their future.” said Abdulrahim Nooryani, Chairman of the Ufone Board while ‘welcoming Rashid Khan to Ufone'.
Sri Lanka pace bowler Suranga Lakmal helped them thrash India by seven wickets in the first one-day international (ODI) in Dharamsala yesterday.
They claimed four wickets for 13 runs in their impeccable 10 overs, which included four maidens, as the tourists bundled out India for 112 in 38.2 overs at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium.
India were reeling at 29-7 in the 17th over before Mahendra Singh Dhoni struck a belligerent 65, with the former captain contributing more than half of the team total.
Sri Lanka's top order were not completely convincing against the moving ball but Upul Tharanga's breezy 49 helped them chase down the small target, with nearly 30 overs to spare, and go 1-0 up in the three-match series.
Smarting from their 1-0 loss in the preceding test series, Sri Lanka opted to field against an Indian team led by Rohit Sharma in the absence of regular skipper Virat Kohli who has been rested ahead of the team's tour of South Africa.
India got off to a terrible start losing Shikhar Dhawan in the second over which triggered a spectacular collapse.
Angelo Mathews dismissed Dhawan leg-before and Lakmal sent back Sharma caught behind for two in the fifth.
On both occasions, Sri Lanka used the review option to overturn the not out decisions.
The double blow unhinged India, who lost the top half of their batting order to score their first 16 runs.
Dhoni combined with number nine Kuldeep Yadav (19) to help India first go past the record for lowest ODI total of 35 by Zimbabwe against Sri Lanka in a 2004 match in Harare - and then their own lowest total of 54 against the Sri Lankans.
Mohali hosts the second ODI on Wednesday.
Mercedes hopeful of avoiding Silverstone penalties
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 8 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:54 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas
Mercedes is hopeful Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas will avoid grid penalties at the British Grand Prix after their Spielberg woes last Sunday.
Hamilton trails Sebastian Vettel by a point in the battle for the Formula One title after the defending champion retired from the Austrian Grand Prix when they lost fuel pressure.
Bottas also failed to finish the race due to a gearbox issue after starting on pole.
Hamilton was hit with a five-place penalty in Bahrain following an unscheduled gearbox change.
Mercedes technical chief James Allison is optimistic that the Silver Arrows will not face any Silverstone sanctions, but knows they may be punished.
Allison said: "We hope not. We think that both failures were confined to the items which failed and they are both things which can be replaced without breaking into the sealed areas of the car which attract sporting penalties.
"But I say 'we hope not' because every time a car stops in an uncontrolled way where a failure happens and systems are shut down in a way which is unusual, we can't be completely sure until we have done all the necessary checks that all the bits of the car which are sealed and which do attract penalties weren't affected.
"We have got a bit of work on to make sure we are not taking undue risks with parts which might have had some consequential damage when the car was shut down."
DELAWARE, Ohio — One River Valley Middle School student has done and gone where no student from River Valley Middle School has before. Emma Lucas, a seventh grader, earned first place at the Ohio State History Day at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Part of the appeal of Lucas' project was its subject: the American Electric Power (AEP) buyout of the village of Cheshire. Lucas' grandfather Scotty Lucas was the mayor of Cheshire and still resides in the village. Emma relied on their grandfather as a source as well as other news articles from the time.
“Everybody kept on getting sick because of the smoke stacks and people kept complaining, so AEP just bought out the entire village,” said Lucas. “I interviewed my grandpa since they have always lived there, I got all kinds of books and I interviewed all kinds of people that lived there and watched old news videos about it.”
The buyout took place in 2001 and affected the village of Cheshire, where much of Lucas' family is from, giving them a close perspective of that moment in history. Them family helped them compile research and interviews on the project, making it a family affair.
Lucas had to do the project for the county academic fair, but chose to continue on at the regional history day in Chillicothe, advancing to the state level. At each level Lucas' exhibit was judged and they were asked questions regarding their research and process.
“They asked me how I conducted my research and how long it took me to do it all. It was a surprise to me that they picked me for first place, I think I will do good at the national event, but there will be a lot of people there, it will be hard to place,” said Lucas. “Judges asked me how I conducted my research and some facts about it. There was a gavel and a key on my board, those were my grandpa's when they were the mayor of Cheshire, the key was the key to the city.”
Lisa Ritchie, the librarian at the middle school, helped Lucas with their project.
“Emma is the first exhibit we've ever had gone at the middle school. We've had many performances go, but they are our first exhibit. It is very hard for an exhibit to go on from state to nationals, and they are up against a lot of big schools, so they must have charmed the judges a little more than they are letting on,” said Ritchie.
From the county school district, four performances and two exhibits went to the state level, but Lucas is the only to continue on as a national finalist. They will compete in June in Maryland against other students from across the country.
Emma Lucas brought home first place at the state history day competition and is set to compete against national students in June. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_31172211_1787820287943792_1778388065685864448_n-1.jpg Emma Lucas brought home first place at the state history day competition and is set to compete against national students in June. Wendy Lucas | Courtesy
A focus on history of Cheshire
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Elephants For Eagles, Puppies For Patriots: Animals Predict Super Bowl LII
All eyes will be on the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles this Sunday as the teams face off in Super Bowl LII. Who will win the coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy this year, the perennial favorite or the underdog? You can spend hours analyzing statistics, or you could trust the intuition of animals that don't understand football. As a reference, the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook had the Patriots as 4-point favorites on Friday.
This might not be the most scientific approach, but it's undoubtedly the most adorable. Here are the results:
Bubbles, the elephant: Eagles
Robert Johnson/Myrtle Beach Safari YouTube
At the Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, Bubbles, a 9,000-pound African elephant, flipped over the Eagles helmet with their trunk and devoured the apple underneath.
Fiona, the hippo: Eagles
Cincinnati Zoo's celebrity hippopotamus, Fiona, ate their greens out of the Eagles box. Underdogs have to stick together, after all.
Nicholas, the dolphin: Patriots
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium Courtesy of Clearwater Marine Aquarium
When given the choice between a Patriots and Eagles football, Nicholas the rescued dolphin at Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Florida guided the Patriots football toward the "dolphin football judge." This psychic dolphin is six for seven in sports predictions, including a correct selection last year for the reigning Super Bowl champions Patriots. The Eagles have reason to fear.
Fernando, the sloth: Eagles
Phoenix Zoo's sloth, Fernando, made a decisive pick in favor of the Eagles by slowly climbing toward Philadelphia's container. It's always a delight watching sloths eat flowers, but this video set to a sultry soundtrack is a true gem.
April, the giraffe: Patriots
Animal Adventure Park YouTube
The Patriots are going to get its third Super Bowl title in four years, according to April, Animal Adventure Park's celebrity giraffe. April gained worldwide fame in 2017 when the late stages of their pregnancy and eventual delivery were streamed live on YouTube.
Le Le, the panda: Eagles
Le Le, a giant panda at the Memphis Zoo, declared Philadelphia to be the Super Bowl LII champions by pulling down the Eagles banner first. At just 1-3 in Super Bowl predictions, though, Le Le is more cute than accurate.
Jimmy Fallon's puppies: Patriots
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon YouTube
In the 2018 installment of this fan-favorite segment, more of Jimmy Fallon's 11-panel of puppies ate from the Patriots bowl than the Eagles bowl. The real MVP, though, is the puppy that refused to participate at 1:39.
Ahren, the eagle: Eagles
Ahren the eagle, a resident of Myrtle Beach Safari in South Carolina, swooped down from a perch and looked briefly at the stuffed bear donning Patriots gear before picking their stuffed counterpart. Of course, this surprised no one. Even Ahren's handler admitted: "She might be a bit biased."
Linda Wang is an intern on the National Desk.
The defensive midfielder believes their team need to reinforce if they are to wrestle power back from their rivals Madrid, who won a Champions League and La Liga double last season.
Barcelona announced the signing of Paulinho on Monday but still have to replace Neymar, who joined Paris St Germain for a world record 222 million euros.
They have been linked with Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele, both of whom might have been helpful as Barcelona struggled to break down Madrid at Camp Nou in the first leg.
Barcelona have been frustrated in the transfer market this summer, not only losing one of their best players but unable to sign their reported top targets either.
"We don't need new signings because of the result, but because we always have to renew [our squad] and try to improve, no matter what," Busquets told reporters.
"There's no need for any excuses, now we have to draw up conclusions and look forward.
"We have the game at the Bernabeu on Wednesday. It's almost mission impossible, it will be really difficult to turn it around but we will try."
Paulinho will not be available to play on Wednesday for the second leg, in which Barcelona faces an uphill struggle, needing to score at least three away goals to be in with a chance of winning the cup.
With Neymar gone, Gerard Deulofeu was picked to play on the left wing in the first leg but they did not impress, frequently on a different wavelength to their team-mates.
Coach Ernesto Valverde is confident Barcelona will add to their squad before the transfer window shuts, although they prefer to focus on their current squad instead of speaking about potential signings.
Valverde told a news conference on Sunday: "We're Barça and we want to have the best team.
"Until the end of August, there's time, although I'd like to focus on those I already have here, despite losing. And despite the fact that in this period there will surely be changes in the team."
(Editing by Gareth Jones)
Foreign investors have taken up more than half of the combined market capitalization of tech shares listed on the main bourse, data showed Thursday, apparently as local companies are expanding their presence on the global arena.
According to the data compiled by the bourse operator Korea Exchange, foreigners took up 228 trillion won ($202 billion), or 52.01 percent of the combined market capitalization of 439 trillion won posted by tech firms as of Wednesday. It marked the highest figure since 52.02 percent reached in September 2004.
(Yonhap)
While overseas investors' presence earlier fell to 37.06 percent in 2009, it has been gradually growing ever since.Market watchers said the growth was apparently led by Samsung Electronics Co. and SK hynix Inc., which have been attracting foreign investment as they become more prominent players in the global tech sector.Foreigners were also major investors for telecommunication firms, taking up 43.45 percent of their combined market capitalization on the main bourse.In other key areas such as finance, autos, and chemicals, overseas investors' presence came to 38.24 percent, 38.16 percent, and 34.83 percent, respectively.Foreigners also have been scooping up shares of local steelmakers, with their stake expanding to 34.4 percent as of Wednesday, compared to around 25 percent posted in January. (Yonhap)
Heartwood Gallery leads rebirth of ‘Quicktown'
LARA JO HIGHTOWER
lhightower@nwadg.com
Holiday shoppers hoping to choose gifts from 30 of the area's premier artists have a wonderful opportunity to do just that at the Heartwood Gallery, located in South Fayetteville. The 16-year-old artist cooperative — which offers one-stop shopping for handmade pottery, paintings, jewelry, photography, woodworking and more — will host a second special holiday event this weekend.
Founder Anita Hejtmanek, a stained glass artist, says the quaint, historic stone building that now houses Heartwood has served many functions over the years.
“This location used to be called Quicktown, because Mr. Quick lived at the end of the block,” explains Hejtmanek of the Government Avenue location where the store resides. “It was the first suburb of Fayetteville, really, just south of downtown. Our building has been a number of things — sheet metal shop, a general store, a church.”
Hejtmanek says their husband, Edward, was using the space as their woodworking shop when a store called Whimsicals closed on Dickson Street. The store had carried the work of many local artists.
“When Whimsicals left, people kept asking, ‘Where can we find local handmade art?'” says Hejtmanek. “And that's why Edward and I started Heartwood.”
The organization accepts artists through a juried selection process. Because each artist donates time to help run the store, artists keep 100 percent of the proceeds from their sales.
Artist Linda Flores' faerie houses are sold in Heartwood Gallery. They say the art collective model — where the artist is frequently on hand to speak with potential customers — is beneficial for both.
“I can answer questions about how I came to make my art,” they say. “I can add more meaning for [the customer]. We all want to connect. If they see something about my art that makes them want to take it home — that's a meaningful connection.”
On Saturday, Heartwood will celebrate the holidays with an open house from 8:30 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Hejtmanek says the event is a great time for people to explore Government Avenue and the rejuvenation of “Quicktown.”
“When we moved in, there were a couple of houses that had to be torn down, they were in bad shape,” says Hejtmanek. “There were some vacant lots. Now, we have Freckled Hen Farmhouse and Crimson and Clover next door — that's my daughter's store. They handmakes kids' clothes with vintage appeal.”
Also new to the block is the small lot that houses three food trucks — Zuppa Zuppa, Cathead Biscuits and Harvest Moon Pies.
FAQ
Holiday Open House
WHEN — 8:30 a.m.-8 p.m. Nov. 9
WHERE — Heartwood Gallery, 428 S. Government Ave. in Fayetteville
COST — Free
INFO — 444-0888
DANVILLE, Va. - For the first time, Danville's Fourth of July fireworks display will be launched from the southbound side of the Main Street bridge.
Russell carter, Danville Parks and Recreation's communication director, said the goal is to provide spectators a better view of the display.
"It moves it up a little higher in location," Carter explained.
In previous years, the fireworks were launched from behind the Carrington Pavilion, where the city's annual Fourth of July celebration is held.
Because the fireworks will be launched from the bridge, the bridge will be closed.
The southbound side closed at 2 p.m. The northbound side closes at 8 p.m.
The wooden pedestrian bridge just down river from the Main Street bridge closes at 9 p.m.
"Just go ahead and assume they're going to be closed for the rest of the night, because we'll have to clean up and everything," Carter said.
"We don't have a time on that, but what we're telling everybody is, when you leave the Carrington (Pavilion) take a left and go onto Industrial to the expressway, take a right and go all the way down to (the) Union Street bridge."
Police will be helping control traffic around the Main Street bridge.
"We do ask everyone, if you want to watch the fireworks, find a parking lot, stop. Don't try to watch from your car. Just be safe. Safety is our number one thing. We want everybody to enjoy the Fourth, but we want everybody to go home safe and sound as well," Carter said.
The fireworks will be launched once darkness has befallen the city.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Poncho, the betaworks-backed weather service, has raised $2.4 million in seed funding led by Lightspeed Ventures.
Poncho launched out of betaworks the same year as Giphy and Dots, and uses SMS and email to bring the news to you in an entertaining way.
The premise is simple. Instead of having users seek out their own information via weather apps and being bombarded with numbers like temperature, precipitation percentages, and wind chill, users would simply receive a text message or an email with the need-to-know, laypeople's terms information in an entertaining fashion, complete with a GIF.
The service started out in New York and has since grown to offer news alerts to the whole world. But not without a few small bumps along the way.
In February of 2016, Poncho launched an alarm clock app to let you wake up to the weather. However, without native support on iOS, the introduction of Do Not Disturb threw a wrench in things, and Poncho's alarm clock has effectively been discontinued.
However, the company was featured on Apple's Planet of the Apps in July, leading to the investment from Lightspeed. The company also released an app in conjunction with the show.
The Poncho app focuses primarily on useful push notifications. Theoretically, you'd never have to hop into the Poncho app to get what you're looking for. The main type of content, obviously, is weather information. But eventually the app will bring in stuff like horoscopes and motivational content to give users a moment of zen as they begin their day.
“We're building a new backend that will enable AI-driven personalization for weather and content and offers,” said CEO Sam Mandel. “We see a much higher engagement rate when things are personalized and tailored to the user.”
Mandel says that Poncho sees is seeing seven-day retention (users coming back seven days in a row) in the 60 percent range.
With the Premier League's financial superpowers continuing to splash the cash excessively, Burnley boss Sean Dyche predicts that the division will become even more fragmented in time.
Tomorrow's opponents Manchester City have come a long way since spending £3m on then record signing Lee Bradbury, who coindidentally made their debut against the Clarets in pre-season in 1997.
The Citizens recently eclipsed their biggest spend, previously £54m for Kevin de Bruyne, when capturing Athletic Bilbao's Aymeric Laporte for £57m in the January transfer window.
But they weren't the only designer names to be snapped up on their spree as the club parted with almost £200m to take Bernard Mendy, Kyle Walker, Bernardo Silva and Ederson.
And the remainder of the top six have followed a similar pattern. Manchester United, who parted with £89m for the purchase of Frenchman Paul Pogba, added striker Romelu Lukaku for £76m, pieced together a lucrative package to entice Alexis Sanchez and brought in Chelsea's Nemanja Matic for £40m.
Spurs have claimed Davinson Sanchez and PSG's Lucas Moura for more than £60m, Arsenal have strike pairing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette for a combined £104m while Chelsea have paid in excess of £120m on Alvaro Morata, Tiemoue Bakayoko and Danny Drinkwater.
And, last but by no means least, Liverpool threw £75m at Southampton for centre back Virgil van Dijk while also taking on Mohamed Salah and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
With the sport becoming wealthier and wealthier, becoming a multi-billion pound industry at elite level, the idea of an innovative European Super League has often been proposed.
Dyche doesn't believe that those discussions will realistically go any further, but the Turf Moor chief believes that the extent of separation will effectively form a break away league within the top flight.
"I don't know about the super league but I think there is a super league thinking," they said. "I don't think they will do it. Most of us think there will be a mini league within the Premier League. It's been there before but it's got more defined.
"I think the thinking from all the masses is there is a super league of the top six clubs and this season shows that. We talk about the anomaly year when Leicester won it.
"It was a perfect storm. Leicester got on the right side of their margins, look how many 1-0s and draws they got, players on top of their form, injuries. It needs that."
Dyche added: "There's a strong chance it could become too separated. If the top clubs keep collecting the best players and if they get it more right than wrong. If everyone else is shopping in a different market, then over time that gap will increase.
"It could change, it might not. The beautiful thing about football are those moments where you get a Leicester and it all changes again. If you look year on year in a normal Premier League the big boys are getting stronger.
"Superpower thinking everyone of them is a £50m player at Manchester City. Every single one of them is £50m.
If our record signing is £15m and theirs is 50 it is a hard task. Every time a player moves it drips down through the market."
Regardless of all that spending, the Clarets have been able to compete against those so-called "superpowers".
The victory over Chelsea obviously stands out, as do points away at Wembley, Anfield and Old Trafford, and Dyche is proud of that development in an increasingly challenging environment.
"You can't see the future but it's unlikely the real top ones are going to go backwards," Dyche said. "They are going to keep spending, go further. Increased stadium in Tottenham's case.
"The next TV deal probably goes north. If you have that, a new stadium and a backer you are going to be better equipped to sign £50m players than Burnley are.
"I think the thing important is our part in it. We are proud of that we are doing here and believing in it. We are moving forward. It's not about tomorrow at Burnley but season after season."
Tech titan Dell has confirmed in paperwork submitted to America's financial watchdog that it is mulling returning to the stock market as a public company, combining with its subsidiary VMware, or, er, doing nothing.
The schedule 13D SEC filing by VMware, dated January 31 and published today, states:
Dell Technologies is evaluating potential business opportunities, including a potential public offering of Dell Technologies common stock or a potential business combination between Dell Technologies and the Issuer. Dell Technologies is also considering maintaining the status quo. The potential business opportunities currently being evaluated by Dell Technologies do not include the sale to a third party of Dell Technologies or the Issuer. The Reporting Persons have not determined which, if any, potential business opportunity to pursue and there can be no assurance that any potential business opportunity will be pursued, the terms thereof, or whether, if pursued, any such business opportunity would be consummated.
The "issuer" here is VMware, and "reporting persons" is Dell Technologies.
Dell went private in 2013 in a $24.4bn deal, bought EMC for $67bn in 2015, and is now reckoned to be encumbered with about $50bn in debt. It has a desire to reduce that debt, and the associated servicing charges.
Dell acquired VMware, which is still publicly traded, when it gobbled up EMC in 2015. Last week, rumors circulated that Dell was considering going public again, or performing a reverse-merger with VMware to tackle its debt problem.
VMware shares today dropped to $124.17 from their $156.84 value on January 26 when the rumors first started.
In a statement, VMware chief exec Pat Gelsinger said: "We are not in a position to speculate on the outcome of Dell's evaluation of potential business opportunities. Dell has been a tremendous partner since it became our majority owner and as we've accelerated our growth.
"We look forward to Dell's continued support as we work to execute our growth plans in the years ahead. The VMware management team remains laser-focused on serving our customers and partners with the best portfolio of software products and services across cloud, mobile, networking and security.”
What a curious relationship Dell and its subsidiary have – and it's about to get a little bit weirder. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Islamabad
Ministry of Power Division has submitted reference with National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA) to bring amendment in Wheeling of Electric Power Regulations, 2016 aimed at removing existing hurdles in sale and purchase of at least 1 MW or more electricity in the country.
According to the reference sent to the power regulator on March 16, hurdles were identified in sale and purchase of the electricity by the all stakeholders after consultation.
The power division in its recommendations has recommended that the Regulation should be limited to wheeling on dedicated feeders of 132 Kv and 11Kv.
The the wheeling should be limited to licence of the distribution company and no inter distribution Company (DISCO) trade be allowed for the time being.
Any interested consumers utilizing this regulation should be allowed to retain utility connection for which relevant charges would be paid to them, the recommendation further said.
It said that in case of non-utilization of the energy by the buyer, banked energy should be allowed for a month after that the seller should either sell the energy to another buyer (other than DISCO) or shut down the plant. It would be mandatory to buy this energy.
“In case the bulk consumers are taken out from the consumer base, of a distribution company the displaced capacity charge should be added to the wheeling charge for a period of one year or new tariff determination whichever is later,” the reference further said.—APP
“Dart Guy” is the only hockey champion Toronto needs
“Dart Guy” is the only hockey champion Toronto needs
The Maple Leafs won Saturday night's playoff game against the Washington Capitals, but the evening's real success story was Jason Maslakow, a Waterloo-based fan who travelled to Washington, D.C. for the game, donned a jersey and full face paint, dyed their beard blue, and shaved an outline of the Stanley Cup onto their scalp. The ridiculous getup may not have been enough, in itself, to rocket Maslakow to internet fame—but, as luck would have it, when the camera panned over to them during the game broadcast, they happened to have an unlit cigarette dangling from their lip. Within minutes, they had a new name, “Dart Guy,” and a Twitter meme was born.
Dart Guy is now an unofficial playoff mascot, of sorts. He'll even be attending Game 3 as a guest of the team. Here's what people were saying about him:
Some fans immediately seized on Dart Guy's passing resemblance to a certain former Toronto mayor. (We don't see it, though.)
Fitting how it's Easter and the Leafs Dart Guy looks like Rob Ford risen from the dead. pic.twitter.com/9TFpNfsBx6 — zack (@zacklemore92) April 17, 2017
Others raced to be the first to photoshop their face onto the $5 bill. The colours work:
The new Canada 150 five dollar bill is lit pic.twitter.com/iWSygYXM88 — Matty Go Sens (@Gerv_Rebrand) April 16, 2017
Truly, Dart Guy was an Easter miracle:
@ATFulemin EXCUSE ME SIR HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE GOOD WORK FROM OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR DART GUY pic.twitter.com/TeTmOL3nhm — x – Brian Stewart (@brigstew86) April 16, 2017
Still not as bad as the Ted Rogers statue at Rogers Centre:
It's not totally clear whether Dart Guy should be offended to be associated with Mel Gibson, or vice versa:
Did MLSE miss a marketing opportunity here?
All I'm saying is, if the @MapleLeafs don't have a Dart Guy snap chat filter tonight, somebody messed up — Marc Pannia (@MarcPannia) April 17, 2017
Just think of the merchandising possibilities. Free cigarettes for all the kids!
They should hand out Dart Guy bobbleheads to the first 2000 fans at the ACC tomorrow night. — Ryan (@daftpuck) April 17, 2017
Of course, it was only a matter of hours before the Dart Guy backlash began:
This dart guy thing is lame. Calling it a dart is also lame. They should call them fat cancer stick slob. — TORHABSFAN- 14 TO GO (@TORHABSFAN) April 17, 2017
Some began to wonder if Dart Guy's festive face paint conceals any dark secrets:
Has anyone found neo nazi tweets by the dart guy yet — von hayes (@freehugs4franky) April 16, 2017
Probably not, though:
This whole Dart Guy thing is undoubtedly gonna end in a "We regret to inform you Milkshake Duck is racist" scenario — prodigal failson (@itwasthreezero) April 16, 2017
So much attention was paid to Dart Guy's face that it's easy to lose sight of the fact that their mohawk is shaped like the Stanley Cup:
@felixpotvin you know this is on the top of my man's head right pic.twitter.com/fJJHzr1Axe — Dan Steinberg (@dcsportsbog) April 16, 2017
A parting thought:
Salim Ahmed
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has said that more than 200,000 girl and boy students, facing financial constraints, are being equipped with education through Punjab Educational Endowment Fund (PEEF), the biggest project of South Asia and in the history of Pakistan. Scholarships worth Rs.12 billion out of the income of this fund have been distributed so far on purely merit basis, they added.
The Chief Minister said had this educational fund been established 70 years ago, instead of two lakh students, there would have been more than two crore brilliant students fulfilling their educational thirst today.
Talking to elected representatives, Shahbaz Sharif said that high education is not merely legacy of elite but it is the right of every child of Pakistan. They said that doors of higher education have been opened for the talented students of poor families through PEEF and not only Punjab but industrious students of underprivileged families from all over the country including Sindh, Baluchistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Gilgit-Baltistan and AJK are benefitting which nevertheless has promoted national solidarity and brotherhood.
The Chief Minister said that one of the goals of establishing Pakistan is also providing equal educational opportunities and this fund is playing an imperative role in the fulfilment of this important objective of creation of Pakistan.
In this Associated Press file photo taken on Aug. 8, 2017, Chung Hyeon of South Korea hits a shot against Feliciano Lopez of Spain during the first round of the Rogers Cup tennis tournament in Montreal. (Yonhap)
South Korean tennis player Chung Hyeon has cracked the top 50 in the men's world rankings for the first time.Chung jumped seven spots to reach a career-high No. 49 in the Association of Tennis Professionals world rankings released on Monday.Chung's previous high had been No. 51 from October 2015.Chung reached the third round at the Rogers Cup in Montreal last week.Retired player Lee Hyung-taik owns the record for the highest-ranking position by a South Korean player at No. 36, attained in August 2007. (Yonhap)
Advocacy marketing — the idea of getting existing customers to talk about your company and its products — is nothing new, but as marketing spend has shifted online, a number of startups have tried to figure out ways of making it more scalable. One such company is Zyper, founded by Amber Atherton, who previously featured in British reality TV show “Made in Chelsea”.
The adtech company is building a platform that lets companies identify their top fans, and therefore advocates, on various social media. It then invites these fans to join advocacy marketing campaigns that sees user-generated ‘ad' content posted in return for various rewards and “experiences”.
Unlike so-called influencer marketing that targets people with large social followings and, Atherton tells me, can have quite low engagement, Zyper is taking a much more ‘long tail' approach. This, for example, enables brands to reach fans who typically have as little as 500-1,000 followers on Instagram.
However, by putting these fans into cohorts that can be targeted as a much larger group and who each have high engagement relative to their individual reach, Zyper thinks it has created a form of advocacy marketing or “peer-to-peer” advertising that scales and has a much better return of investment on a CPE (cost per engagement) or CPA (cost per acquisition) basis.
More broadly, Zyper is attempting to tap into and help drive a trend that means advertising spend is moving away from more traditional online advertising, such as Google Ads or Facebook Ads, to user-generated content.
“What we're building is essentially ad words with people,” says Atherton. “We help brands identify their top 1 percent of brand fans and turn them into a community of active brand advocates to create high quality UGC at scale and uplift market voice. We're changing the public's attitude towards targeted advertising and giving brand's a new way to market with their customers instead of to them”.
There are two sides to the Zyper product. The first is a B2B dashboard for community managers that lets brands set up, run and monitor campaigns, including being able to intelligently target specific cohorts of micro influencers. The second is a B2C app for brand fans who have been invited to join campaigns. It lets them track progress of each campaign so that they know what is expected of them in terms of what and when to post and any rewards they get in return.
To date, Zyper customers include Walgreens, Coty, Godiva, McVities, and Bloom & Wild. In addition, the startup has just signed up as a global supplier to Unilever, and has a strategic partnership with WPP to work with the ad agency's clients.
“We charge a dynamic Price Per Fan based on demand and supply, with brands building communities upwards of 1,000 brand fans,” adds Atherton. “Currently we offer a managed service for our enterprise level clients but next year we plan to release… a self service version of our dashboard”.
Meanwhile, I'm told Zyper has closed the second half of its seed round. This sees Downing Ventures back the burgeoning company, joining existing investors Samos Investments and WPP, and various angels including Moneysupermarket.com founder Simon Nixon, Propercorn founder Cassandra Stavrou, fashion entrepreneur Maxine Hargreaves-Adams, Working Title CEO Eric Fellner, and ‘AI entrepreneur' William Tunstall-Pedoe. It brings total raised to £1.2 million. I also understand the startup is joining Silicon Valley accelerator Y Combinator.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January and its dark, diet-filled days are officially behind us - so what better way to celebrate than by stuffing your face with some bargain-price chocolate?
Despite Easter being almost two months away, Tesco has surprised many shoppers by reducing the price of its Easter eggs earlier than usual.
According to the Liverpool Echo, big discounts on Easter eggs are usually made only a couple of days before Easter weekend itself, but Tesco's unusually early discount was spotted by shoppers who quickly shared it on HotUKDeals .
The deal launched in Tesco stores yesterday (January 30) and sees Rolo, Aero, KitKat and Smarties eggs reduced to only 75p.
While the offer has got many people excited and promising to stock up ahead of Easter, many are also wondering why the ever-popular Creme Egg has been missed out - but we can't really have all our chocolate and eat it, apparently.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The discount is running until Tuesday, February 6, so you'll need to be quick if you want to make the most of the deal.
You can shop the deal online here.
Of all the holidays taking space on the calendar, National Puppy Day is amongst the most exciting. Not that we don't celebrate pups and doggos everyday. Give me 10 minutes on the Instagram discover page, and I will be approximately 100 puppy videos deep. But the day belongs to the pups, so to celebrate, there are tons of deals and coupons for National Puppy Day. So, you can throw the dog a bone and then a second one for half off!
Even if you're a cat person, it's hard to deny the power of the pup. Seeing a good dog trot down the street overwhelms us with emotion to the point where we lose function and our voice climbs a few octaves and our language is manipulated into a gibberish that somehow makes tails wag.
Get ready to speak the asupervisorstioned puppy language and parade your best four pawed pal around. National Puppy Day, established in 2006, will be celebrated on Mar. 23. But it's not only a day to give your dog some extra treats. It's a day to acknowledge the dogs in shelters and spotlight that adopt-don't-shop life. National Puppy Day's official website describes the now international holiday as, "a special day to celebrate the magic and unconditional love that puppies bring to our lives. But more importantly, it's a day to help save orphaned puppies across the globe and educate the public about the horrors of puppy mills."
While you're perusing deals for your pup, think about all the pups awaiting their furever homes and donate time, supplies, and maybe even your home to the very worthy, very cute, very snuggly dogs at a local shelter.
Free Bruster's Doggie Sundae Who doesn't enjoy celebrating an occasion with ice cream? I bet your dog does, if barking at your human ice cream cone on a regular basis was any indication. Bruster's Ice Cream will be dishing out free Doggie Sundaes for you best friend on National Puppy Day (and everyday, or so it seems!).
Get 50 Percent Off Your PupBox Giphy When I say "your" I mean "their" PupBox because this is a delivery full of gifts for Fido. But you, as in the human with the credit card and opposable thumb abilities, can get 50 percent off the first box with a 3, 6 or 12-month plan.
Dog Bed Deals Giphy Even if you let the dog sleep in your bed, it's always nice to have a plush bed of their own. Petco is offering great deals on dog beds and bedding so your pup can experience the bliss of a quality thread count.
All Natural Pet Deals Giphy At Only Natural Pet, you'll find generous deals on food and toys that your pup is sure to do backflips for.
Up to 88 Percent Off Dog Walking Service With Wag! Giphy Thanks to Groupon, you can get up to 88 percent off of dog walking services with Wag! Three 30 minute walks for one dog will cost you $9.99 and five walks will add up to $39. This offer is only available in select zip codes.
Chewy Deals Giphy Chewy, a superstore for your pets, offers incredible deals. You can check out all their deals from dog treats, to wee wee pads to stylish leashes on their site.
Bark + Boarding Puppy Day Party Giphy Dog boarding house Bark + Boarding is having a National Puppy Day party and offering $20 for all day care on Mar. 23. Your local dog boarding or doggie day care might be having special deals too, so give them a call to check on any special offers.
Starbucks Puppuccino Giphy For the Starbucks loving dog owner, take your pup with you on your next trip to the coffee chain. Ask for a puppuccino and you'll receive a small cup of whipped cream for your chic dog to "sip" alongside you. Oh yeah, it's also free.
Sprinkles Doggie Cupcakes Giphy Don't worry, there isn't an excessive amount of sugar in the dog version of cupcakes. We all know most pups have enough energy as it is. This year round treat is a must for puppy day. Head to a Sprinkles bakery to pick up a few treats for yourself (because you're such a good dog parent, of course) and a dog friendly cupcake for yourself. The Daily Meal notes that this is a secret menu item for your pup!
Google announced this afternoon it's adding new features to both Google Search and Google Play Newsstand that will help people keep up with their favorite teams and their standings during the NBA and the NHL playoffs. In Search, you'll now find Knowledge Panels with information directly from the teams, like highlights, photos or GIFs, for NHL, NBA as well as MLB teams. Meanwhile, Newsstand will also offer top headlines, scores, analysis and videos.
The Search feature is taking advantage of Google's recently expanded “Posts on Google” product, which allows organizations to share status updates and other information directly on Google's Search result pages, where they appear as widgets placed among the blue links. Effectively, it turns Google itself into a variation on Twitter – but one where only approved organizations can share their news.
The feature was originally developed for the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign, allowing candidates to post updates to Google Search results pages. Last month, Google said it would open up this program more broadly, to organizations like museums, sports teams, sports leagues and movie studios, for example.
The addition of the sports updates is one of the first high-profile launches for Posts on Google, following the March announcement.
You can trigger these search results by entering in specific queries, like “Stanley Cup Playoffs” or a team's name.
Google tells us these posts can be anything, from photos to GIFs or even call-outs to fans.
NHL and NBA updates are available in both Search and Newsstand, but MLB was only mentioned as being integrated into Search.
The real-time updates will also make their way to Google Play Newsstand's app, which is available online at newsstand.google.com, or as a standalone mobile app on iOS or Android. The app will feature special NBA and Stanley Cup Playoffs sections, with the latest news, scores, analysis, and videos, in addition to the real-time posts (which are linked to Google Search).
These features are rolling out now globally in English, but the team information will appear for those in the U.S. and Canada.
When truth matters …confidence will break. by Bill Holter – Miles Franklin
With the four page Congressional memo slated to come out today, our topic will be “confidence”. Confidence and all that goes with it stands to sustain a huge body blow! But first, we need to discuss a topic I have written about several times in the past that took a very strange turn yesterday …Harry Dent.
For years they have scared (tried) hard money advocates by forecasting a collapse in gold to $700 and possibly even $250. I have written several times breaking their “Dented logic”, most recently here . Yesterday they took a very strange turn and published a story predicting higher prices. To be fair, in this latest article they are calling for $25-$50 higher gold prices and suggests it is your opportunity to “take your ‘money' and run”. I would ask Mr. Dent, if gold is such a risky asset as they claim, does it really make sense to try and time it for an extra 2-4%?
But here is the problem, at the very same time they published the above article where they claim gold has been rising as “he predicted”, they have been running this ad for a month …!
Bitcoin vs. Gold: Which Will Protect You From The Upcoming Crisis?
So which is it? I hate to call someone a huckster but Harry Dent is talking out of both sides of their mouth now. Enough said…
As for “confidence”, while we don't yet know exactly what is in the four page memo, confidence will take a hit. Speculating, rather than Donald Trump colluding with the Russians to throw (steal) the election, it looks like an attempted coup took place (and still is) to steal the election by Hillary and company. The saddest thing of all will be the revelations that our investigative and justice agencies are not impartial and have not been for quite some time.
The scary thing for “us” is that a rogue FBI, coupled with a compromised justice department is a one-two punch able to “end” anyone's life as they knew it without notice. Another scary thought and one just now becoming visible is how foreigners might react? We have previously seen the dollar and our debt being sold, now the herd is exiting stocks. Foreigners are looking at already poor U.S. finances and most probably wondering whether the books are cooked in line with a crooked legal system?
You see, the U.S. in the past attracted capital from all over the world because it was THE “safest” place. Explaining, the U.S. was viewed as having a real and true rule of law. We were seen as being “fair” or just when it came to any disputes. Over time, this has obviously changed. Today's memo has the ability to scare foreigners as far away from U.S. jurisdiction as possible. Interestingly, it is China's new financial infrastructure waiting in the wings to attract flight capital from the West.
Don't get me wrong, the books are also cooked in China and a break in confidence in the U.S. will affect confidence everywhere. One can come to this conclusion because whatever is in the 4 page memo will bring up more questions than it gives answers. More questions will lead to even more questions like tugging on a woven thread. I have no doubt whatsoever these questions will lead all the way back to Obama themselves and most probably the Bush administration also.
We currently live in THE most financially levered period in history. Assets of all sorts have been levitated and supported by credit (except for gold and silver which have financially suppressed with use of credit). Credit flows for many reasons, most important of all being “confidence”. Confidence in getting paid back. Confidence your borrower will perform as to contract. Think of it this way, if you lent to a friend, what would go through your mind if you picked up the morning paper (like the old days) and read your neighbor has been accused of and hard evidence surfaced of robbing a bank, bribing cops and judges, molesting little children on the side and even murder?
Obviously the first thought would be your lent money is toast and you'll never see it again. In this instance there is not much you can do to get your money back but it is different when looking at it systemically in supposed “liquid markets”. Foreigners, and even American citizens will react by trying to exit the system any way they can. In other words, EVERYTHING with perceived connection to the rogue entity will be sold …and the rogue entity is represented by DOLLARS! I would be remiss if I did not mention the “exit window” is already quite small, a flip in the algo herd will break the wall down trying to get out. This will be seen when markets can no longer open nor function…
Going further down the rabbit hole, GLOBAL panic will ensue because the dollar affects and is used in virtually all financial systems. It will be like a bunch of gamblers who borrowed money just to get into the game, only to find out the chips are counterfeit, the game is rigged by the crooked casino and you won't get paid even if you win because the casino is broke!
“Mood” is going to change and probably quite rapidly. Some will be shocked. For some it will be disbelief. Others will be very angry. The “anger” will come from both sides, anger that it happened and also anger it was discovered and made public. If I am correct, markets will be taking back all sorts of previous “wealth” and the wealth effect will move in reverse. It is the recipe if I ever saw one for violence unlike anything we have ever seen in the U.S. with the exception of the Civil War …and I would not rule that out either!
Be on guard for rapidly changing events because “leverage” creates speed. Leverage “forces” action via margin calls …and our global financial system is one giant margin call waiting to happen! Some have said they are stocking up on beer and popcorn waiting for this event. A loss of control of the entire system will even strike fear in the hearts of those on the sidelines who believe they are prepared. Truth will finally matter in a very ugly way!
Standing a nervous watch,
Bill Holter
Holter-Sinclair collaboration
Sharing is caring!
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG — Pennsylvania's natural gas impact fee is getting some outside scrutiny nearly five years after it was enacted.
The impact fee on Marcellus Shale gas drillers is a hallmark of Act 13 of 2012, which also provides for regulation of drilling activities. While state courts have struck down several of the law's key provisions, the impact fee has generated $1 billion so far for programs undertaken by municipalities, counties and state agencies to offset the impacts of drilling on infrastructure, society and the environment.
The impact fee emerged as an alternative to a state severance tax on natural gas production which then-Republican Gov. Tom Corbett strongly opposed. Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf has proposed a severance tax, but has been unable to get the necessary support from the GOP-controlled Legislature.
A state audit recently released by Auditor General Eugene DePasquale calls for changes to Act 13 to strengthen state oversight on how local officials spend impact fee money and clarify guidelines about what the money can be used for. A sample review of 10 counties and 20 municipalities showed that about one-fourth of their funds were spent for questionable uses such as balancing budget deficits, salaries and even
entertainment, Mr. DePasquale said. They said legislation is needed to give state officials authority to monitor and enforce local government spending and to improve reporting requirements.
A recent study prepared for the Center for Rural Pennsylvania, a legislative agency, indicates that shale counties are using fees to underwrite emergency preparedness and public safety, while municipalities are giving priority to infrastructure projects. Other authorized uses include local tax cuts, judicial services, water systems and social services.
From 2012 through 2015, 37 counties split $160 million in impact fee revenue while nearly 1,500 municipalities split $267 million. Fee revenue was distributed in Lackawanna, Wyoming and Susquehanna counties. Susquehanna ranked No. 3 statewide in impact fee revenue from 2012 to 2015.
Other shares of impact fee revenue are earmarked for a state Marcellus Legacy Fund focusing on environmental projects, several state agencies, county conservation districts and affordable housing programs.
Susquehanna County Commissioner Alan Hall has said that impact fee revenue enabled the county to hold the line of taxes and avoid borrowing, in addition to other uses.
Looming over the program's future is a continuing annual decline in impact fee revenue after reaching a peak of $225 million in 2013. Some $187 million was collected in 2015, the most recent year for which statistics are available.
“The main driver of lower impact fee revenues was the price of natural gas,” wrote the state Independent Fiscal Office last summer.
A worldwide glut in oil and natural gas led to a decline in gas prices and a slowdown in natural gas production. This led to a reduction in the fee schedule in 2015 for the first time and fewer new wells being drilled, according to the IFO. Wells in their first year of production pay the impact fee at the highest level.
The Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors warned against anyone using the audit as an excuse to take away money from local officials and put it in state coffers.
“This funding has been a game-changer for local communities,” said association executive director David Sanko. “More than 60 percent of the collected funds go directly to communities most impacted by drilling, with those hosting the most wells receiving the largest checks.”
The Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center, a Harrisburg think tank, supports a severance tax, saying it would generate much more revenue than an impact fee and be a better deal for Pennsylvania. The Marcellus Shale Coalition, an industry trade group, supports continuing the fee.
Contact the writer:
rswift@timesshamrock.com
Kalahari doubling its footprint with conference amenities
Ex-Luzerne County teacher gets up to 2 years for sex with students WILKES-BARRE — When it came time for former Coughlin High School teacher Robert Havard to be sentenced Tuesday afternoon for having sexual relations with two teenage students, more than two dozen supporters lined up at the bench to ask the judge for mercy. (read more)
Dunmore to add request for AG to review sewer sale DUNMORE — Borough council will ask the state attorney general's office to review the $195 million sale of the Scranton Sewer Authority to Pennsylvania American Water amid lingering questions about millions of dollars in legal fees surrounding the transaction. (read more)
Scranton School Board increases incentive options for employees With nearly four dozen teachers and paraprofessionals preparing to retire next week with an incentive, the Scranton School District wants to shrink its workforce even more. (read more)
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at A gunman robbed a dollar store Monday morning in the Green Ridge Plaza and fired two shots at the store owner who pursued him, Scranton police said. (read more)
Scranton cop injured trying to serve PFA A Scranton police officer intending to protect a woman from abuse ended up needing to defend themselves from the man the woman feared. (read more)
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at The armed robber and the defiant store owner chasing them reached the train tracks when the bullets started flying. Two shots cracked Monday in the hot air. (read more)
Judge dimisses inmate's religious freedom lawsuit A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by a former Lackawanna County prison inmate who alleged the prison violated their right to religious freedom. (read more)
Farmers market vouchers available to seniors A popular program that provides Lackawanna County senior citizens with vouchers to obtain fresh fruit and vegetables at area farmers markets returns this summer. (read more)
Winston Churchill is hot again.
In the past year, they have been essential to the first season of The Crown on Netflix as well as the star of two feature films. While Churchill, released earlier this year, focuses on the British leader's role in planning D-Day, the Oscar nominee The Darkest Hour looks at an earlier point in World War II. The new film reveals — when Britain faces the reality of 300,000 troops trapped in France — how the prime minister must juggle all the political forces to confront Germany's advance.
Like the best history lessons on film, The Darkest Hour takes us places textbooks can't reach, into the minds of leaders and within the fears they experience. Like the most memorable journeys to the past, the movie limits the scope of its narrative to a specific period of time so it can delve beneath the surface to explore real issues people and nations face. Like the classic bio pics, this is as much a story of the chaos surrounding a person as it is an examination of how that person tries to cope.
As the film opens, in 1940, Britain faces the reality there may not be a way to stop Germany's march across Europe. Without support from the United States, and pressure from Hitler's forces increasing every day, British Prime Minister Chamberlain finds themselves with little public support for their strategy of diplomatic negotiation. When they suddenly resign, Churchill becomes the surprise choice to succeed, a move questioned by King Edward VIII. How these two leaders search for a way to work together, as Churchill tries to move beyond their accidental ascension, fuels the narrative of a country trying to grasp the truth that it could lose its freedom.
At this point in the movies, when so many historical films have been made about the same topics, finding fresh ways to tell the familiar can be challenging. Screenwriter Anthony McCarten makes this conflict as intimate as possible, avoiding grand speeches in favor of compelling exchanges between Churchill and others, while director Joe Wright uses their camera to examine the underground world where the man manages their country and their life. The “War Rooms” as they are called — now open to tourists — invite audiences to see a world below the streets where the leader openly shares their ambitions and fears.
Any biopic, even one as fresh as this, demands a central performance to fill the story and honor the subject. Gary Oldman embraces this challenge with a portrayal of nuance, variation and rich interpretation. Yes, we know the actor is there beneath the heavy makeup as we savor Oldman's eyes, their expression of voice, their passion for the words. By letting us know they are in command of the portrayal — not the latex they wear — the actor controls how we connect with their character and the story. Oscar nominee Oldman makes us want to keep watching because of what they will say not because of how they look.
Yes, Churchill is hot again. And, thanks to the authenticity of The Darkest Hour, we want to learn even more.
Film Nutritional Value: Darkest Hour
Content : High. The story of how a leader confronts the challenges of the moment, and acts within their truth, gives the film its authentic core.
Entertainment : High. All the makeup may help Gary Oldman look like Churchill, and their mastery of the man makes us believe we experience Churchill.
Message : High. The lessons of how one leader confronts and communicates truth should, hopefully, inspire others to follow their approach.
Relevance : High. Any opportunity to learn more about any historical figure can be worthwhile. And this film tells us a great deal about a great leader.
Opportunity for Dialogue : High. The movie can prompt conversation between you and your children about a significant moment and person in history.
5 Popcorn Buckets. Darkest Hour, running 2 hours and 5 minutes, is rated PG for “some thematic material.”
Churchill reveals D-Day backstory
Of the world leaders that changed the 20th century, Winston Churchill is a new star at the movies. While history books celebrate their political savvy and brittle instinct, they had not been the star of a film for several years. And it took the Netflix series The Crown — with John Lithgow's layered portrayal — to bring this fascinating British leader back into focus.
The Oscar-nominated The Darkest Hour is, actually, the second film about the leader in recent months. Earlier in 2017 we saw Churchill, a well-intentioned if flawed examination of how Britain's Prime Minister struggled with Allied plans to invade France in June 1944 at the height of World War II. While this film intends to offer a fresh take on Churchill's concerns about the D-Day blueprint, it gets caught up in the hero's dark moments. Not since Oliver Stone dug into Richard Nixon's psyche in the troubled film Nixon has a filmmaker so celebrated a hero's ugly side. And Churchill's director, Jonathan Teplitzky, doesn't seem to know when to stop.
Like the best biopics, Churchill confines its narrative to a limited period of time, the days immediately before the planned D-Day launch. As General Dwight D. Eisenhower finalizes the plans for the invasion, Churchill remembers another war when ambitious ideas led to massive injury and death. They remain haunted by the past as they struggle to understand the present and project into the future. As much as they want to believe in Eisenhower's expertise, Churchill's memories make it difficult to understand. So they begin to undermine, object and manipulate their way through a different approach that could achieve a similar outcome. Yes, they want to win the war. But not this way.
If Teplitzky had limited the film to these military uncertainties, Churchill the movie would better honor Churchill the man. But the moviemaker can't let well enough alone. They seem determined to prove that the leader's emotional weaknesses cloud their judgment. It's as if Teplitzky has so little respect for Churchill the leader that they refuse to imagine how someone so practiced could be so challenged. And the director goes for dramatic thrills to shock rather than meaningful moments to illuminate. We're left with a portrayal of a man who leads in spite of himself. And lets their emotions paralyze their judgment.
As troubling as Churchill may be in the script, Teplitzky's approach gives actor Brian Cox a dream job. And they make the most of every moment. Cox, a reliable supporting player in many movies, reaches beyond the material to make Churchill a living creature. They fill the gaps that writer Alex von Tunzelmann leaves in their screenplay with layers of command and control. Cox makes us believe in the man we remember from history not necessarily the man presented on the pages of the script.
Ultimately, as flawed as Churchill the movie may be, its presence reminds us of the essential role movies can play to bring history to life. As we celebrate the bravery of D-Day, some 73 years later, we thank the people who gave their lives to make us free. While Churchill may disappoint, The Darkest Hour is certain to please. And it shares the Churchill we need to remember.
Churchill, running 1 hour and 45 minutes, is rated PG for “thematic elements, brief war images, historical smoking throughout, and some language.” It is available on demand for online streaming.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — A search resumed Monday for 17 people reported missing after a ferry fire off the coast of Indonesia's capital that left at least 23 dead, officials said.
The victims died Sunday when the vessel, Zahro Express, carrying more than 260 people from a port near Jakarta to Tidung, a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain, caught fire, officials said. Most of the passengers were Indonesians celebrating the New Year holiday, according to local media reports.
Denny Wahyu Haryanto, head of the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency, said the report about the 17 missing was received before the burned ship was towed to the port, where rescuers found 20 bodies inside. They did not rule out that those reported missing could be among the 20 bodies found inside the ship.
They said that of the 224 passengers who were rescued, 19 were still being treated at hospitals.
The National Search and Rescue Agency deployed at least five ships and a number of speedboats and rubber boats, along with 15 divers, in the search.
Seply Madreta, an official from the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency, said the fire gutted about half the vessel, and that 23 bodies had been recovered.
The 20 bodies that were found inside the vessel were burned beyond recognition and were transferred to a police hospital for identification, said Col. Umar Shahab of the Jakarta police health department.
Witnesses told MetroTV that the fire broke out about 15 minutes after the ferry left the port of Muara Angke.
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear. Some passengers told local media that they first saw smoke coming from the ferry's engine.
The director for sea transportation, Tonny Budiono, said the initial suspicion was that the fire was “most probably caused by a short circuit in the engine room.”
They told a news conference the short circuit might have led to the fuel tank exploding.
TV footage showed people in the water with the ferry in flames in the background. A woman in the water can be heard screaming “Ya Allah! Ya Allah!” or “Oh God! Oh God!”
Another woman told the TV station that they and other passengers were rescued by a small boat.
Minister of Transportation Budi Karya said that the chief of the Muara Angke port authority has been removed from the post for alleged negligence in overseeing the voyage.
Despite the high number of people who were rescued, the ferry's manifest showed that only 100 were registered as passengers, along with six crewmen, said Haryanto, the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency head.
Col. Hero Hendrianto, chief of maritime police, said six people, including the vessel's captain, two crewmen and two port officials, were detained for questioning.
Ferry accidents are common in Indonesia, the world's largest archipelagic nation, with more than 17,000 islands. Many accidents are blamed on lax regulation of boat services.
___
Associated Press writer Niniek Karmini contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Turkish authorities announced that Washington pledged to stop its support for Kurdish Self-Defense Units (YPG).
In an interview to Al-Jazeerah Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said that Ankara has repeatedly demanded Washington to stop supporting YPG with weapons that might fall into the hands of Kurdistan Workers' Party members, which is listed as a terrorist organization in Turkey. They also confirmed that the U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to Turkey's Rejep Erdoğan and promised to cut the support for YPG.
The co-operation between the U.S. and YPG, its key ally in the fight against ISIS in Syria, caused the Turkish-American relations to hit an unprecedented low, putting the two NATO allies under threat of direct military confrontation in Northern Syria. Last week, the Turkish troops supported by a number of the Free Syrian Army factions launched the Olive Branch operation aimed at gaining control over Afrin, currently held by YPG. Turkish jets have carried out dozens of airstrikes at the positions of the Kurdish units, who rely on the US support in eastern provinces of Raqqa, Hasaka and Deir Ezzor.
© Valentyn Ogirenko / Reuters
The latest research shows the people of Ukraine have the worst living standards among all of Europe.An average Ukrainian earns just €190 per month, or just a little over $220, according to the study by Texty.org.ua . The highest average net salary, according to the analysts, is in Switzerland. An average Swiss earns no less than $5,000 per month after taxes.In November, Ukrainian Economy Minister Stepan Kubiv admitted theThe current gross domestic product of Ukraine is $93 billion.In 2016, the free trade zone between Ukraine and Russia ceased to operate within the CIS trade block. In addition, both countries imposed embargos on the import of some consumer goods. At the moment, Kiev has a free trade zone with the European Union.Starting this Monday, Russian Railroads have begun routing long-distance train service around Ukraine. The railroad link was finished in August and has only been used by freight trains until now. The new 137 kilometers stretch runs entirely within Russian territory in the Voronezh and Rostov regions and is set to ensure the security of freight and passenger traffic. Direct flights between Russia and Ukraine have been halted since fall 2017.
Uber is apologizing to a customer who was charged more than $18,000 for a short ride in downtown Toronto.
Photos posted on social media over the weekend showed that an Uber rider was billed $18,518.50 for a 21-minute Uber ride.
An Uber spokesperson confirmed the incident, and says the rider had been fully refunded.
Uber staff say the massive over-charge was a result of driver error, not a technical glitch.
Uber says the ride in question took place in a traditional taxi cab signed up to the ridehailing service — an option available to customers in Toronto — and that the driver made a mistake when entering the details of the fare into their cab's meter.
The bitcoin frenzy continued unabated, with bitcoin futures rallying 26% on Cboe Global Markets's exchange and triggering two temporary trading halts in the process.
If you thought the launch of futures trading and the ability to short bitcoin would put the brakes on the cryptocurrency's dizzying rally, the experience on the first day of trading suggests nothing of the sort is on the cards.
The bitcoin frenzy continued unabated, rallying as much as 26% on Cboe Global Markets Inc.'s exchange and triggering two temporary trading halts in the process . At the rate at which bitcoin is zooming, a moot point is who would want to build a meaningful short position in the currency. It's been acknowledged for years now that shorting bubbles isn't a great idea. As John Maynard Keynes's said famously, “The market can remain irrational longer than you remain solvent.”
In a similar vein, Katsunori Sago, chief investment officer of Japan Post Bank, told Reuters last month, “Since no one knows when the (bitcoin) bubble will burst, the best thing to do here is to stay away from it.” Sago said the fair value of bitcoin should be $100 or 99% lower than its prevailing price.
It must be noted here that holding on to a short position can result in far greater losses when compared to a long position, thereby adding to the reluctance of traders when it comes to shorting. When you buy a bitcoin for $15,000, your maximum loss is limited to that amount; in contrast, a short position can result in higher losses if the currency rallies to, let's say, $50,000.
Some commentators have argued that options on bitcoins can help facilitate more short positions, compared to futures contracts, where margin calls can become unmanageable. For perspective, Cboe has demanded a 44% margin to trade bitcoin futures, given its extreme volatility. Based on the rally on the first day, the margin posted with a short futures position will be wiped out in two days. But given the extremely high volatility, even options writers will demand a very high premium, and more so with contracts with a longer duration. Writing options involves the same risk as selling futures, although it is true that a liquid options market can facilitate a far greater variety of views, suiting various risk appetites. Bloomberg has listed a number of other ways to short bitcoin.
But while there may already be many avenues to short the digital currency, rational investors are likely to pay heed to Keynes's warning, while some may even take a step further and act on the trading tip inherent in their statement. Researchers Markus K. Brunnermeier of Princeton University and Stefan Nagel of Stanford University point out that sophisticated investors preferred to ride the tech bubble in the late 1990s, rather than attack it. They say in their well-known paper, Hedge Funds and the Technology Bubble , “The efficient market hypothesis is based on the presumption that rational investors prevent price bubbles by trading against mispricing... We find that hedge funds were riding the technology bubble, not attacking it. (Also), hedge funds reduced their holdings before prices collapsed... Under these conditions, riding a price bubble for a while can be the optimal strategy for rational investors.”
In the current context, the launch of bitcoin futures on established exchanges may well help some investors join the bandwagon, rather than lead to any meaningful correction. For those who are sceptical about the rally, the best bet seems to be, as Sago says, to stay away.
This article originally appeared in the February 2014 issue of Architectural Digest.
It began like a thriller. Out of the blue, a mysterious stranger e-mails architect Alexander Gorlin and makes them an intriguing proposition: Get your passport and hop on a plane—you won't regret it. Gorlin gamely travels to a foreign country, where the stranger meets them on the other side of immigration and escorts them to a waiting helicopter. It ferries them 20 miles to an isolated peninsula inaccessible by car. Below, the ocean spray and spring runoff have cratered the land's boulders with natural reflecting pools. In the distance, a historic lighthouse; in the foreground, a concrete bunker where, during World War II, sentinels as lonely as the old lighthouse keepers once watched for German submarines. As the pilot maneuvers in the wind, Gorlin points to a rocky ocher shelf created by receding glaciers, and, shouting over the din, tells their new client, "That's where the house should go."
Fast-forward six years to the same wild site. The client's 50 private acres, in Ketch Harbour, Nova Scotia, are now connected to the outside world by a new road. It leads to an arresting residence built with "two foundations," Gorlin says. "Bedrock and trust." The house also has two Janus-like faces: a severe concrete façade on the forested inland side, and a sheer curtain wall framing the ocean's boundless horizon. The luminous white-walled interiors and the terraces are floored in the same creamy limestone, so the space flows like water throughout.
Gorlin's client, a tax attorney for an international corporation, is a widower with a college-age daughter. Their beloved wife died two years before their dream house was complete. "We intended to retire here," they say quietly. The space is still precious to him: Them spirit inhabits it. They and their daughter spend brisk June mornings hiking in the vast nature reserve that abuts their property and cloudless August nights on their rooftop deck, counting the falling stars. "We chose Nova Scotia in part for its purity," they explain. "The sea air is so clean, and the sky so unpolluted that you see the Milky Way as the first hunters did."
The client chose Gorlin for the clarity of their style. Their signature materials are glass, concrete, and metal. The prizewinning projects in their portfolio reflect their admiration for their hero, Louis Kahn, the great modernist, but they also relate to their studies of Kabbalah, in which earth and heaven, darkness and light, form and emptiness are in unity. "An elemental landscape like this could easily be overwhelmed by a monolithic edifice or one that competed with it," Gorlin says. "So I designed the house as a series of discreetly linked pavilions on two levels, each with a separate function and angled toward a different focal point. You still have a panoramic view, but it has a narrative, like the panels of an altar triptych."
Gorlin was gratified that the lawyer and their wife had selected what the architect considered to be the most radical of several models they presented to them. "They weren't afraid of starkness," they say. "At every stage they surprised me with their understanding of modernism's poetry." The client observes, "The ultramodern transparency of Alex's work resonated with us. They had at one point suggested limestone cladding for the concrete walls, but when they were poured, we preferred their raw beauty."
The Maritimes' climate proved to be much more demanding than the lawyer was. "To withstand the rough weather," Gorlin says, "steel, reinforced concrete, and Starphire glass were essential materials. Our builder, Andrew Watts, scribed the concrete to the rock with such finesse that it's almost like marquetry." The Halifax shipping lanes run just offshore, and Gorlin designed the vaulted roofs to evoke the sails of the old schooners that once plied them. They also shielded the rooftops in rolled zinc to resist hurricanes. "My greatest challenge," they say, "was to make the house appear both rooted to the land and resting weightlessly upon it."
If the architecture pays homage to the landscape, the interiors, in Gorlin's words, "defer to the architecture." They collaborated with a local designer, Ray Frizzell, who curated an ensemble of spare furnishings in a volcanic palette (ash, pumice, obsidian), enlivened by judicious jolts of color: a forsythia-yellow chair by Dakota Jackson in the entry hall; a vibrantly striped Tibetan rug in the living room; and in the media room, an abstract painting by Matthew Fischer that recalls the dazzle of sun on water.
Oilers goalie Cam Talbot and defenceman Kris Russell keep a close eye on the Sharks' Melker Karlsson during Game 3 on Sunday. ( Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP )
SAN JOSE, CALIF.—The Edmonton Oilers have kept the San Jose Sharks off the scoreboard for six straight periods in taking a 2-1 Stanley Cup series lead. While that puts the spotlight on Edmonton goalie Cam Talbot, they are quick to share the credit. “Can't say enough good things about the guys in front of me the last couple of games,” Talbot said Monday after a practice in preparation for Tuesday night's Game 4. “I mean, we've given up less shots in the last two games combined than we did in the first game alone. We really tightened it up on the back end, not giving them much off the rush.” San Jose fired 44 shots on net in its 3-2 overtime win in the series opener, but totalled only 39 in its two losses. The emphasis on team defence that is paying off now has been part of the Oilers philosophy since Todd McLellan took over behind the bench before the 2015-16 season.
Article Continued Below
“It was pretty obvious it was something that needed to happen,” McLellan said. “When you threw the numbers at the group two years ago when we started, Edmonton had a reputation of playing real fast, get on offence and see what happens. That doesn't win at this time of the year and I think we're proving that.” The year before McLellan arrived, the Oilers had given up an average of 3.37 goals per game, the highest of any NHL team. This season, that figure was down to 2.52 per game, eighth best in the NHL. Three of the six Edmonton defencemen charged with containing the Sharks this series are finishing their first season with the Oilers. The biggest acquisition came last June when the team acquired Adam Larsson from the New Jersey Devils for popular forward Taylor Hall.
Kris Russell and Matt Benning also signed as free agents, but it was the trade for Larsson that got the most attention from critics who thought the Oilers gave up too much for too little. “The outside noise occurred one, because Taylor Hall's a tremendous hockey player,” McLellan said, “and two, not many people knew a lot about Larsson. They aren't a well-known quantity out west. “We believed they could come in and help us, and I believe he's certainly met our expectations. Not only as they made our team better, but he's made people around them better.” Oscar Klefbom, Larsson's defensive partner, echoed their coach's sentiment. “He's been so good for us all year, playing a physical game,” Klefbom said of Larsson. “This kind of games, they love to be on the ice. For me as a player, (I) can just focus on my game and you know he's going to take care of their business.” At times, Larsson and Klefbom have drawn the challenge of covering San Jose captain Joe Pavelski, the Sharks' top-scoring forward in the regular season with 29 goals and 68 points. Pavelski set up Melker Karlsson for the overtime goal in Game 1, but has been limited to only three shots on net the past two games. “He puts themselves in a spot where it's really hard to defend because you really need to pay attention to where their stick is at,” Klefbom said of Pavelski, known for their net-front tips. “You can move their body around a little bit, but as soon as the shot comes he's there.” The return of centre Joe Thornton to the Sharks lineup in Game 3 should not change Edmonton's basic defensive approach, Klefbom added. “On the ice you can see how they buy time for everyone around him,” Klefbom said. “It's very impressive to see, but if we just focus on our game and take care, we should be fine.”
RUSSELL Crowe has today reflected on the Anzac legacy after attending the Dawn Service in Coffs Harbour.
The Water Diviner director, who regularly marks Anzac Day in their family's hometown, also referred to apologies that were read out during the Dawn Service mentioning a host of local dignatures who were unable to attend the service.
"Another beautiful dawn service organised by the Returned Services Club, the C.ex a big crowd turned up probably 5,000 at least, probably more and as usual a great deal of enthusiasm and the comradery and spirit with people as they are walking in the dark towards the Dawn Service is something that I always appreciate," Russell said.
"Those few minutes that we take out every year to show thanks and respect for the men and women who have served our country and fallen in the course of their duty I think to me is very special and it's a very important part of our culture.
"This morning unfortunately the mayor, the two local members and the area command superintendent couldn't make it, obviously needed a sleep because of the pressures that are going to come upon for the nine o'clock march and service, but I think that's relatively poor form and I know them all and they are very good people and I'm sure me needling them about that in this way will probably ensure that they do turn up again next year," Russell said.
The Advocate has asked the question of local politicians after the comments.
Coffs Harbour City Council Mayor Denise Knight confirmed that they attended the Dawn Service at Woolgoolga and will be attending this morning's marches at Coffs Harbour and Sawtell.
Cowper MP Luke Hartsuyker has confirmed that they attended the Dawn Service in Port Macquarie then quickly jumped in their car to drive up the newly upgraded Pacific Hwy to also attend the Coffs Harbour and Sawtell marches.
Photos View Photo Gallery
State Member for Coffs Harbour Andrew Fraser confirmed that they also attended the Woolgoolga Dawn Service and will be attending the Coffs Harbour and Sawtell mid morning services and marches.
They said they recall attending services when the cenotaph was positioned near Coffs Harbour's old police station and court house.
"I know I attended my first Dawn Service in Coffs Harbour when I was five with my grandmother," Mr Fraser said.
"There's only been two Anzac Day services I've missed since then. One was when I was at Flanders Fields and the other I was at Villers-Bretonneux."
Mr Fraser said Anzac Day is a special one for them due to their personal connection.
The Member for Coffs Harbour said their grandfather was a gunner who met heavy artillery fighting with the 1st AIF at Villers-Bretonneux.
"He was wounded twice and came home with shell shock. It was a tragedy," Mr Fraser said.
They added their grandmother's brother was killed on the very last day of fighting in World War 1.
"I have the utmost respect for those who fought and sacrificed so much to give us our democracy," Mr Fraser said.
South Korean Prime Minister Kim Dong-yeon. (Yonhap)
Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. (Ministry of Strategy and Finance)
Indonesian Finance Minister and AIIB Governor Sri Mulyani. (Ministry of Strategy and Finance)
Chairman of the state-run Korea Development Bank Lee Dong-geol. (KDB)
CEO of Shinhan Card Wi Sung-ho. (Shinhan Financial Group)
Woori Bank CEO Lee Kwang-goo. (Yonhap)
Ministerial-level delegates from 25 countries will participate in the second Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank annual meeting to discuss sustainable infrastructure in South Korea‘s southern resort island of Jeju, the government said Thursday.A total of 2,486 officials consisting of finance ministers, government officials working in fields related to infrastructure development of developing countries, CEOs of private businesses, officials of international organizations and the academia have signed up to attend the three-day annual conference until Saturday, according to the Ministry of Strategy and Finance.South Korea's newly appointed Deputy Prime Minister cum Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon will attend the forum, marking their first international event as the chief of the nation's economic policies, the ministry said.The 2017 AIIB meeting is also to be the first international debut stage for the new Moon Jae-in administration, in light of strained diplomatic and economic ties with China over the previous government's decision to host the US anti-missile defense system here.Among the prestigious delegates are AIIB President Jin Liqun, Chinese Finance Minister Xiao Jie, Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Georgia Finance Minister Dimitry Kumsishvili, who also represents the vice-chair country of the conference.Also to be present are: Lao Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Somdy Douangdy; Indonesia‘s Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati, who previously served as managing director of the World Bank; Australia's Minister for Small Business Michael McCormack; and Iran's Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance Ali Tayebnia.In the banking sector, KDB Chairman Lee Dong-geol, CEO of Shinhan Bank Wi Sung-ho, Woori Bank CEO Lee Kwang-goo and more will also head down to Jeju for the event over the weekend.Major local companies related to infrastructure -- including Hyundai Engineering & Construction, Samsung C&T, Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction and local mobile carrier KT-- will also take part in the event to introduce their technology and capacity.The China-led AIIB is an international financial institution made up of 77 member countries.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425@heraldcorp.com
Srinagar
Clashes erupted in Shopian town of in southern Kashmir on Friday after police detained Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chief Yasin Malik who had reached there early in the day.
‘Witnesses said that Malik was taken into custody after they came out of Jamia Masjid and tried to lead a protest against the killing of five civilians during past week. They were lodged in police station Shopian. Soon after Malik was detained by the police, scores of youth pelted forces with stones, said the witness.
The forces responded by firing tear gas to disperse the protesters.
Clashes were going on when this report was being filed. Earlier, Malik had gone into hiding to evade arrest ahead of the proposed march to Shopian.
“Early morning, after two day long and tedious journey and hiding, Malik reached Jamia Masjid Shopian,” said a party spokesperson.
Joint Resistance Leadership (JRL) had called for Shopian Chalo today to protest against the recent civilian killings in Shopian.—GK
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2002 Audi A4 Cabriolet Enlarge Photo
Audi's A4 Cabriolet has a bit of a cult following and now the nameplate may be on its way back to the market.
The A4 Cabriolet was phased out in 2008 to make way for the A5 Cabriolet but could return to not only replace the A5 Cabriolet but also the A3 Cabriolet and TT Roadster, AutoBild suggests.
It seems it's not just sedans that are losing out to SUVs. Sales of two-door cars, particularly convertibles, are also on the decline. For example, only about 15,000 A5 Cabriolets were sold worldwide in 2017, and the respective numbers for the A3 Cabriolet and TT Roadster are even lower.
Mercedes-Benz last year indicated that it will prune back some of its many convertible offerings.
Interestingly, AutoBild also suggests that Audi might base the A4 Cabriolet on the MQB platform instead of the more expensive MLB platform found in the A4 sedan. The MQB platform is used in the A3 Cabriolet and can be expanded all the way up to vehicles the size of the Volkswagen Atlas mid-size SUV.
By using the MQB, Audi could keep costs low and undercut the price of rival models like the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet and BMW 4-Series Convertible.
Stay tuned.
Bushnell Golf has unveiled its new iON2 GPS watch, with a sleek, comfortable design that boasts Bluetooth technology and a reversible strap.
Preloaded with more than 36,000 courses in over 30 countries, the new iON2 is one of the game's easiest-to-use GPS devices with instant yardage measurements provided in a simple, but classy design.
Read more - Bushnell introduces Phantom GPS rangefinder
Upgrading from its predecessor, the iON, the new iON2 watch boasts Bluetooth technology that works in sync with the Bushnell App, meaning you can make course updates quickly and easily through your mobile phone. A new reversible strap allows you to choose between black and blue or silver and green colourways.
Global Product Lane Director at Bushnell Golf, John DeCastro said, “we pride ourselves on creating EMDs that are both trusted on Tour and by the weekend golfer. The iON2 is more user-friendly with industry leading technology at an affordable price.”
Watch - How caddies map a course
Capable of instantly recognising courses, the iON2 Golf GPS Watch features auto-hole advance which automatically changes from one hole to the next, meaning you can effectively go the entire round without pressing a single button.
The iON2 also offers three full rounds of battery life before it needs to be re-charged and comes with added benefits such as a shot distance calculator, the display of four hazard distances per hole and an integrated step counter tracking distance, speed and total activity time during the round.
Bushnell Golf iON2 Golf GPS Watch
Available: April
Price: £149
bushnellgolf.eu
@BushnellGolf
The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) on Wednesday suspended posting Corps members to some local government areas of Kaduna State following unrest in the affected areas.
NYSC Coordinator in the State, Dahunsi Mohammed disclosed this during an interactive session with Corps employers in Kaduna State
Mohammed said the organisation would not be posting Corps members to some areas until it was crystal clear that such places were safe for young Nigerian graduates.
They mentioned specifically Birnin-Gwari, Kajuru, and any other crisis areas.
“We are sorry we did not post Corps members to places we know there is crisis.
“We stopped posting Corps members to Birnin-Gwari and we have also withdrawn all Corps members serving at Kasuwa Magani, where crisis recently broke out.
“This will continue until normalcy returns to these areas and other places where we have social unrest,” they said.
A subset of smart locks made by Lockstate have been bricked after an update. The smart lock vendor is part of Airbnb's Host Assist program, and integrates with the accommodation rental platform so, for instance, hosts can automatically generate and email one-time codes for their guests to use during check-in.
TechCrunch was alerted to the problem by a Lockstate customer, Ruffin Prevost, who forwarded us the email they had received from the company informing them of the “fatal error” following a software update.
Two models of Lockstate smart lock are apparently affected, one of which currently retails for $469.
In the mass mailer email, which begins “Dear Lockstate customer” and summarizes its contents as an “update” pertaining to LockState 6i/6000i, affected customers are asked to wait as long as 18 days for a full replacement. Or up to a week if they choose to remove and send the back portion of the lock to the company for repair.
The email adds that Lockstate will pay for shipping and return “within the continental US”. And will provide affected customers with “1 year of free service for the LockState Connect Portal for these locks”.
“We hope that you will give us a chance to regain your trust,” it concludes.
Airbnb offers a $50 discount code for purchasing integrated Lockstate products in its Host Assist program — where it describes the recommended smart locks as “revolutionary” and capable of withstanding “high usage”.
Prevost, an Airbnb host, said they own two LockState 6i locks, which are used on two interior apartment doors that are rented out on Airbnb's platform.
“The firmware killed the locks mid-morning on Monday, when we happened to be cleaning rooms. We keep keys to both locks in a mechanical lockbox in the hallway in case of dead batteries or failures. So even though the keypads weren't working, we could still use those keys to open, close and lock the doors manually,” they told TechCrunch.
As well as being understandably annoyed about the update bricking both locks, Prevost is critical of how the company has handled customer outreach and support.
“The company is not making good use of social media to help stranded lock owners. They're mainly trying to handle it all privately via email,” they said, adding: “I have had considerable problems with the locks and the company's support in the past.”
At the time of writing neither Lockstate nor Airbnb had not responded to requests for comment.
Several affected customers, including Prevost, took to Twitter to try to figure out how widespread the problem was. Prevost says they were eventually able to speak to a marketing manager at Lockstate, who told them about eight per cent (or around 500) of the company's locks are affected.
“The company initially told me they had no extra locks to send me for a replacement and I'd have to wait up to 20 days. After word started getting around late Friday about all this, the marketing director left me a message that they had now gotten some extra locks somehow. But I had already sent back parts of both my locks,” they added.
“When I asked why they didn't post a detailed notice explaining the problem and detailing how folks could send in their defective gear or otherwise jump-start and accelerate the support process through sharing information online, they said: ‘Sometimes the best way is to reach out to them in mass through a vehicle like Twitter. But I've got to sell new locks as well. Promoting that there is a problem with less than 8 percent of our locks doesn't help that.'
“That mindset is my biggest beef with Lockstate.”
Lockstate's terms of service include the following warranty disclaimer —
CUSTOMER AGREES THAT LOCKSTATE AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SERVICE AND THE SOFTWARE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. NEITHER LOCKSTATE NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE OR THE SOFTWARE AND/OR ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND LOCKSTATE ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
So, as is typical with Internet-connected devices, the buyer remains at the ongoing mercy of the company whose digital service is necessary to enable the paid-for hardware to function as intended — in this case for access control.
And also — as Prevost was using it — integrated into their Airbnb host customer service workflow with the aim of making it easier for them to manage guests by generating and sending one-time access codes ahead of time.
So faced with two doors having unresponsive locks for at least a week, what did Prevost do? A lot of extra work, basically — manually replacing both dud locks with two non-Internet-connected-keypad alternatives that they had previously been using, and reprogramming those with the codes previously generated by the (now) dumb Lockstate locks.
“Our Airbnb guests were never inconvenienced,” they added. Clearly the same could not be said of Prevost.
Asked whether they intend to continue to use the product, they illustrated how much of a lock-in a tightly integrated connected device can represent, telling us: “I have six months of Airbnb guest codes for advance bookings already set up and sent out to the guests via email, all as a function of how those locks operate. Manually reprogramming all of those codes or contacting each guest with new codes would be a big productivity loss compounded by this IoT failure. So I'm taking the company at their word that they can fix the locks and have all my cloud data loaded back in.”
“At this point I've ‘de-integrated' the locks from Airbnb so the cloud isn't generating new codes for those locks. We'll see where things stand at year's end when most of those pre-programmed guests have cycled through,” they added.
Another lock-in evidently discouraging Prevost from switching to an alternative smart (or dumb) lock is a physical/aesthetic consideration — with specific holes having had to be drilled in the doors to accommodate Lockstate's product. “Removing the locks leaves a big hole that I have to patch or cover with some other similar size/shape lock,” they noted.
Prevost says he's now expecting the reprogrammed backplates back from Lockstate this week — having sent them to the company on Thursday.
“It still hasn't clearly explained publicly what happened, why, or how they will ensure this won't happen again. And word is getting out anyway, so any efforts to keep this under wraps have not worked, and have only been a disservice to the customer,” they added.
“They initially told me it would be 14-20 days for a new lock. But they didn't explain the degree of the problem, which would have helped us understand why the delay was so long. Many customers balked (including me) and said, ‘No, send me a new lock right now.' Rather than explain the magnitude of the problem (500 bad locks and apparently no inventory in reserve), the company appeared to ignore those of us complaining the loudest.”
As a kicker, it's not the first problem Prevost has experienced with Lockstate's products either, after the initial locks they bought a year ago arrived with defective hardware.
“They had to send me several new locks (some of the new stuff was also defective) to get up and running initially. So if I've experienced problems with hardware, software and support. What else is there?”
WASHINGTON -- US President Donald Trump has no "red line" in dealing with North Korea, but they are ready to take "decisive" action when it is deemed appropriate, the White House said Monday.
In a regular press briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that China is playing an active role with respect to the North and will continue to apply pressure but noted that Washington will keep urging Beijing to do more.
(Yonhap)
"I think when we talked about the use of red lines in the past with respect to Syria -- the president's red line -- that drawing red lines hasn't really worked in the past," they said."He holds their cards close to the vest, and you're not going to see them telegraphing how he's going to respond. ... I don't think that you're going to see the president drawing red lines in the sand, but I think that the action that they took in Syria shows that, when appropriate, this president will take decisive action," they added.It was in response to a question whether the president has a "red line," a tipping point that could prompt military action when it is crossed.He referred to the US bombing of a Syrian air base on April 7 to punish the Bashar al-Assad regime for a suspected use of chemical weapons.The spokesperson also said that President Trump had a "really good" meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping earlier this month in Florida, adding that the results are now "paying off."He still emphasized the need for the stepped-up cooperation from China and urged it to exert more influence in the region."I think you see China playing a much more active role with respect to North Korea both politically and economically, that they can continue to apply pressure to achieve results," they said. "And I think we're going to continue to urge China to exhibit its influence in the region to get better results." (Yonhap)
ANYONE into fly fishing will think Santa is coming when they hear that renowned fly fishing writer, caster and angler, Peter Morse is coming to Coffs Harbour in June.
Peter will be visiting the Coffs Coast to conduct fly casting clinics and be guest speaker at the meeting of the Coffs Coast Fly Fishing Club on Monday, June 18.
Peter Morse, is an esteemed fly fisherman, writer and photographer and also a Master Casting Instructor with Fly Fishers International.
 They are a brand ambassador for Sage rods, Rio fly lines, and JM Gillies.
Having grown up in Fiji they cut their knots as an angler fishing from the family boat on the troll for mackerel, trevally, tuna and coral trout.
Their father and grandfather were fly fishermen and they have fly fished since the early '70s in freshwater and in saltwater.
Their 2005, television series The Wildfish offered their big break and since then they have appeared in many other productions, some for television and most for DVD.
Peter has written extensively on the sport for newspapers, magazines, and has written three books; The Fundamentals of Saltwater Fly Fishing, The Wildfish Book and A Few Great Flies and How To Fish Them.
They teach fly-casting all over the country from novice level through to training other potential instructors.
Although they enjoy sight fishing more than most other branches of the sport, he's far from averse to dredging flies as deep as they'll go for the mystery bag of things that live in those depths.
If you want to meet Peter and take advantage of their knowledge and teaching skills make an effort to attend one of the castings days or the meeting of the Coffs Coast Fly Fishers.
On Saturday, June 16 they will be conducting a casting clinic for those interested in spey casting with single and double handed rods and on Sunday, June 17 they will be conducting another clinic for those wanting to improve their general casting skills.
These sessions will be held in a local park in Coffs Harbour and run from 8am to 4pm.
The cost is $150 per person per session.
Bookings are essential and can be made through the Coffs Coast Fly Fishers (see contact details below) or directly with Peter.
If you would just like to meet Peter they will be speaking at the monthly meeting of the Coffs Coast Fly Fishers Club, which will be held on Monday, June 18 at 7.30pm at the Boambee East Community Centre in Bruce King Drive Boambee East.
Visitors are most welcome to attend.
There will be no cost but the club does run a raffle each night to raise funds to pay for the hall hire.
Hot soup and crusty bread prepared by renowned local chef, Don Cummings, will be provided free of charge and tea and coffee will be available. Normal club business will be suspended to allow plenty of time for Peter's talk and slideshow.
For further information or to book a casting lesson phone David Moppett 0411723221 or Allan Ekert 0427457725 or email ccffc@tpg.com.au.
Those of us who live near the coast (that's about 39% of the US population) or who in some ways depend on products that come from the ocean or are delivered via ports (that's just about all of us) have a stake in what happens with sea level rise. The problem, I suspect, is that many of us have a fairly hazy understanding of exactly what's going on; we've heard so many different predictions and projections and conflicting information over the last decade.
It also depends on where we are: Many factors, including circulation patterns in the oceans, differences in water temperature and salinity, rainfall over land and sea, and land subsidence, can influence how much and how quickly the waters rise in a particular area. Planners are doing the best they can in terms of long-term zoning and infrastructure protection, figuring out how to deal with more frequent flooding or saltwater intrusion, or whatever other problems they expect to face. But having more information never hurts.
StormCon 2017 will be held in Bellevue, WA at the Meydenbauer Convention Center, Aug. 27–31 . Save $65.00 and register now
A report released this month can help straighten some of this out. It's called “Rising Seas in California: An Update on Sea-Level Rise Science,” and before you protest “But I'm not in California,” let me say that there's likely something here for you if you live near any coast. The specific projections and recommendations for California won't necessarily apply, but the report's overview of the basic science of sea level rise—how the heck are they making these predictions, anyway?—is useful and clearly expressed.
A great deal of what happens in California, or anywhere else, depends on what happens in Greenland and Antarctica. How fast are the ice sheets melting? Will they continue to melt at a predictable rate or experience catastrophic collapse? The report's authors describe how these things are being monitored now, satellite data they expect to have in the near future, and the need for actual measurements—not from satellites but via airplane and ship—from the margins of the ice sheets. A NASA mission is currently gathering some of this information in Greenland, and, the report notes, the same needs to be done for Antarctica. The report also explains the models scientists are using to make predictions, including their limitations and how they're improving, in an understandable way.
The ways that melting ice sheets affect us, it turns out, aren't always intuitive or predictable. “As a retreating ice sheet loses mass to the ocean,” the report explains, “its gravitational pull on the surrounding ocean is reduced. Within about a thousand miles…the reduced gravitational pull on the ocean causes the sea-surface (and relative sea level) to drop, even though the ocean has gained volume overall.” But starting at a distance of about 4,000 miles from the ice sheet, “the change in relative sea level is greater than expected from the extra water added to the ocean,” which means that coastlines in the Northern Hemisphere experience more sea level rise as Antarctic ice melts, and those in the Southern Hemisphere are more affected by melting ice in Greenland. Who knew?
There's also some sobering information about ice shelves. “Another underappreciated consequence of the loss of marine-based ice… is that it can only re-advance (regrow) if confined ice shelves can be reestablished. The shelves are required to buttress the grounding line, allowing it to migrate seaward on its reverse-sloped bed. Because ice-shelf melt rates are so sensitive to a warm ocean…the ocean will have to cool down before the ice shelves can reform. Because of the large thermal ‘inertia' of the ocean, this could take centuries to several thousands of years, after greenhouse gas concentrations return to their preindustrial levels.”
The report, and the working group behind it—part of the California Ocean Protection Council Science Advisory Team—are specifically updating previous guidance for coastal planners in California. As you'd expect, the projections become less definite the farther we look into the future. As the authors of the report note, our understanding of sea level rise is constantly evolving; it's not just that the data and the models continue to change and improve, but also that the results of our previous policies will show whether we've made wise decisions. For all these reasons, they recommend that projections of sea level rise—and the accompanying approaches we take to deal with it—be updated or at least reevaluated every five years.
(Yonhap)
Workers in their 20s and 30s spend an average of 14,800 won ($12.9) daily, with unmarried workers spending more than those who are married, according to a survey conducted by JobKorea Tuesday.The job search portal recently surveyed 2,427 workers, who are in their 20s and 30s, and asked nine questions regarding their daily expenses during work hours. Of the total 2,427 workers, 1,320 people were married and 1,107 were unmarried.The survey found that the average daily spending of unmarried workers was more than that of the married workers. Unmarried workers spent an average of 16,790 won per day, whereas those who have tied the knot spent an average of 13,150 won, according to the data.“Married people tend to avoid unnecessary expenses, including refreshments and luxuries,” Sookmyung Women's University business professor Seo Yong-gu told The Korea Herald. “Unmarried individuals are relatively free from family expenses, making it easier for them to open their pockets, compared with married people,” they added.The survey also looked into where the money is being spent. When asked to choose what they mainly spend their money on, 57.1 percent and 57 percent of respondents answered food and transportation, respectively. Some 36 percent of people chose on-the-go refreshments, including coffee and cigarettes.The survey also questioned whether respondents were satisfied with their spending patterns, and 61.8 percent, or 1,501, said they were not satisfied. Of them, 63.2 percent cited their relatively large amount of expenses, compared with their income.Among the answers, 486 said they were concerned about their spending on refreshments, and 309 said they still buy them because they cannot cut them off.When asked whether they would like to change their spending patterns, 71.9 percent said “yes.” Of those 1,744 people, 54 percent answered that they want to save more money, and 43.5 percent said that they want to spend more money on themselves.By Shim Woo-hyun (ws@heraldcorp.com)
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard is confident Liverpool will qualify for the Champions League by finishing in the top four this season.
Jurgen Klopp's Reds are currently third in the division, just three points off second-placed Manchester United on 53 points.
Liverpool have won four of their last five games and are closing in on Jose Mourinho's team, despite being on joint points with Chelsea in fourth, and just two points ahead of in-form Tottenham in fifth.
Speaking on BT Sport Gerrard said that finishing in a Champions League spot should be a minimum requirement for their former team.
(Image: PA)
"I think it [a top-four finish] the minimum acceptable in terms of what's been spent and the players he's got," said Gerrard.
"I think there would be big questions asked if they finished outside the top four.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
"I think it's satisfactory, whether that's good enough, as a Liverpool ex-player and a fan, I think you're always searching for more. You want to do better and have longer runs in the cup competitions."
The Liverpool legend isn't the only former professional who has been predicting where teams will finish in the league this season.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Both Frank Lampard and Rio Ferdinand also gave their opinions on the topic this week, and agree that Liverpool will actually miss out.
"Man City, Man United, Chelsea and Tottenham," said Lampard. "Liverpool defensively still haven't dealt with their weaknesses. They are great going forward but they've lost [Philippe] Coutinho as well."
(Image: BT Sport)
Ferdinand added: "I'll go Man City, Man United, Spurs and I'll put Chelsea in. The Hazard effect, if they continue to perform and they stay fit, then they carry them into the top four."
"I think Liverpool will slip out the top four. Defensively, like Frank said, they're not strong enough. Going forward, they're fantastic and great to watch."
We may have seen the last of Derek Anderson in a Panthers uniform. Anderson remains unsigned, and at this point in the offseason that's generally not a good prospect for your employment.
For the last seven seasons, Anderson has served as Cam Newton's primary backup at quarterback.
It appears the team is ready to move on to somebody younger.
Yesterday, coach Ron Rivera told reporters they believe Anderson's replacement is already on the roster.
Today, Anderson took to Twitter to say good-bye to the organization and its fans.
https://twitter.com/DAnderson314/status/1001850715495518209
Can't forget all of the great @panther fans as well and the many great memories our family will carry with us forever..#nfcchamps#sb50#mnf#tds#181 — Derek Anderson (@DAnderson314) May 30, 2018
Garrett Gilbert appears to be the favorite to win their old job.
A promising student has been jailed for causing multiple injuries to two Sheffield pedestrians that were struck by their speeding vehicle after they lost control on a speed bump and careered into the pavement.
Recorder David Preston sentenced 19-year-old Mustafa Hussain to 27-months in prison during a hearing at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday for one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving during a collision in Firth Park Road, Firth Park on March 24 this year.
Prosecuting, Susan Evans, told the court how in the run-up to the collision taking place, Hussain had attended classes at Longley Sixth Form college and left the premises in a friend's car with two passengers in tow.
Another vehicle left the college at the same time as the one driven by Hussain, and Ms Evans said that while one witness said they saw the two cars racing after leaving the college, this account had not been corroborated by any other witness.
"The defendant was driving at speed on Firth Park Road and they appear to have hit a speed bump and lost control, swung round onto the pavement and hitting a group of pedestrians," Ms Evans told the court. They had been driving at speeds of between 40 and 50mph before hitting the speed bump.
Hussain did not get out of the vehicle and drove off instead, crashing into a van as they made their escape, the court heard.
Dermot Hughes, defending, told the court that the collision took place two days after the Westminster terror attacks in London, and Hussain 'panicked' after seeing people in the area appearing to react negatively to seeing an Asian male driving into a group of pedestrians.
Ms Evans told the court that two men were injured in the collision, one of whom sustained a broken femur that had to be fitted with metal screws. The man also damaged their wrist, and has had to undergo five operations for the injuries they suffered in the collision.
In a victim impact statement, the man said they were still unable to use their right hand some seven months on and was suffering from flashbacks and constant irritability that they believed had resulted in them becoming more isolated from their friends and family.
The second man suffered cuts and bruises in the collision and told the court that they too had suffered from flashbacks, through a victim impact statement.
Hussain, of Clifton Lane, Rotherham handed themselves into police later that week. They pleaded guilty to the dangerous driving offence at an earlier hearing.
In mitigation, Mr Hughes said Hussain, who is now a Sheffield university student, was a 'young man who has made a positive contribution to the community for many years'.
They added: "He is an industrious young man and they appear to be doing well at university. Immediate custody would be devastating for him, not just academically but because of their family commitments."
Recorder Preston said that while they accepted Hussain had shown remorse for their actions and believed them to be the caring and community-minded young man described in a number of glowing references, the damage caused by their dangerous driving was so serious that they could not suspend their prison sentence.
They said: "Those two men did not choose to be hit by that car. The choice [to drive like that] was all yours."
Lisa Riley breaks down on Loose Women as they reveal worries ahead of surgery
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lisa Riley broke down on Loose Women as they revealed their worries about going under the knife this week.
The former Emmerdale star - who now weighs just under 12 stone - is having a two-part operation to remove the skin around their stomach, sides, thighs and "lady garden".
And they confessed she's extremely worried about going under anaesthetic.
Tearing up, Lisa said: "I've been putting a front on, you girls saw me get emotional earlier.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
"I want to thank everyone, the support I've had on social media has been unbelievable, and is going to get me through the next five weeks.
"People have judged me and I've become thick-skinned. I'm going in with my eyes open but petrified about going under anaesthetic."
The other Loose Women ladies insisted they had nothing to worry about, and Jane Moore added: "You will wake up!"
Anne Diamond then said: "There's going to be nothing of you, your silhouette is going to change rapidly!"
Lisa previously revealed they were going to have the surgery as they spoke candidly about their loose skin after their incredible weight loss and described their crotch as like a "deflated rugby ball" on Loose Women.
The star opened up about the issues they have with their body, and admitted they hated having to tuck and move skin around in order to feel and look their best .
"As I walk downstairs, my stomach hits my thighs," they said, before revealing their insecurities about it were getting worse. "It's clapping around."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Lisa took the time to walk the panel and viewers through the two-part operation they will have to remove the skin around their stomach, sides, thighs and "lady bits" - which they also described as a "deflated rugby ball".
The star - who now weighs just under 12 stone - clarified they aren't going to get a tummy tuck or liposuction, and dismissed the idea they were vain.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
"I don't think it's a vanity thing, it's what I want," they added. "It's awful, and it's gotten worse and worse.
Secrets of Lisa Riley's weight loss: Strictly star shed a stone in a week eating 400 calories a day
"The reflection that I'm seeing now, it's just horrendous."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
And while they are grateful for the kind words they receive from people telling them how well they are doing, they admitted they don't understand.
They said: "Thank you, thank you, but you've no idea what it's like in my bedroom in front of my mirror."
*Loose Women continues on ITV1 weekdays at 12.30pm
The film marks the third time Dhawan and Bhatt are collaborating in the film. Both of them made their acting debut with Student of the Year.
(AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 2:00 pm |
Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher in afternoon trading Monday. Health-care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods. Energy stocks rose along with the price of crude oil. Traders had their eye on bitcoin futures, which made their market debut.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,657 as of 1:33 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 31 points, or 0.1 percent, to 24,360. The Nasdaq composite increased 30 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,870b. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 1 point, or 0.1 percent, to 1,522.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve, which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
TECH SWELL: Gains among technology companies helped lift the market. Symantec rose 98 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $28.96. Apple was up 1.8 percent after the website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace. Apple also made news after it agreed to acquire the Shazam music-identification service for an undisclosed amount. The stock rose $3.09 to $172.46.
BITCOIN: Trading in bitcoin futures declined slightly Monday from their overnight high following the virtual currency's debut Sunday on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract that expires in January was trading at $17,920. The price had risen as high as $18,850, according to data from the CBOE.
The CBOE futures allow traders to make bets on the future direction of bitcoin. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and on Friday was at $16,516 on the private exchange Coindesk. Overstock.com, which accepts bitcoin, surged $9.77, or 21.7 percent, to $54.85.
ENCOURAGING RESULTS: Drugmaker bluebird bio surged 23.8 percent after it reported results from an early study of a cancer treatment that the company is developing with Celgene. Shares in bluebird gained $40.65 to $211.80. Celgene rose $2.79, or 2.6 percent, to $108.88.
UNAPPETIZING: Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower. Tyson Foods slid $1.52, or 1.8 percent, to $82.10.
FINANCIALS SLIDE: Shares in banks and other financial companies declined. Zions Bancorporation shed 77 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $50.17.
ICAHN DO IT: Xerox shares slipped on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company's board. One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016. Xerox was down 8 cents to $29.51.
BONDS: Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held at 2.38 percent.
ENERGY: The price of oil rose, with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 43 cents to $57.79 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, rose $1.27, or 2 percent, to $64.67 per barrel in London.
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy gained 14 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $3.83, while Range Resources climbed 63 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $16.70.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 113.49 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1791 from $1.1768.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX slipped 0.2 percent, while the CAC 40 in France fell 0.2 percent. Britain's added 0.8 percent. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
"It was a hard turnaround, I'm not going to dispute that," Thunder coach Billy Donovan said. "But I think every NBA team has to deal with it."
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with nine points, nine assists and seven rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at the break.
The Pelicans seized momentum early in the third quarter. New Orleans led 97-89 in the fourth when Westbrook checked back in after a rest.
Westbrook made a 3-pointer with just under two minutes remaining to cut New Orleans' lead to seven, but Davis hit a 3-pointer at the other end, then made another shortly after that to put the game out of reach.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: Gentry was called for a technical foul in the second quarter. ... Gentry said during their pregame media session that Cousins had been putting up MVP-type numbers. Cousins averaged 25.2 points, 12.9 rebounds and 5.4 assists per game before their injury.
Thunder: Adams scored 13 points on 6-for-9 shooting in the first half. ... Adams reached 3,000 career points. They joined Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka as the only Thunder players with at least 3,000 career points and 350 career blocks. ... G Raymond Felton was called for a technical foul in the fourth quarter. ... G Terrance Ferguson was ill and played just 11 minutes.
STAT LINES
Westbrook nearly added another double-figure statistic to their line — they had nine turnovers. The Thunder had 16 turnovers as a team.
QUOTABLE
Gentry, on Davis setting the record: "I don't think that is much of a surprise to anyone. It was just a matter of time."
MISSING ANDRE
The Thunder have struggled to stop opponents since Andre Roberson, a second-team All-Defence selection last season, suffered a season-ending left patellar tendon injury. They won their first game without them against Philadelphia but followed that with three rough outings. Oklahoma City lost to Washington, which was playing without All-Star John Wall, then gave up 127 points in a loss to Denver before losing to the Pelicans.
UP NEXT
Pelicans play at the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday.
Thunder host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday.
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
Man Facing Assault Charges For Pushing Protestors
February 15, 2017
A man who shoved peaceful protestors gathered outside of a local member of congress's office is facing criminal charges.
8th District constituents have been protesting outside of Congressman Mike Bishop's Brighton office on Grand River. The group was interrupted by a man who came walking through and started pushing people. Organizer Derek Stephens says the man had a cigar in their mouth and proceeded to push people in the crowd. They say someone confronted them but they just walked away but was eventually located by police. Then not long after the man shoved people, Stephens says another belligerent woman came by and started screaming at the crowd and getting in people's faces. They say they tried to take a woman's megaphone and proceeded to knock a cell phone out of someone's hand who was recording them before walking away.
Stephens tells WHMI safety is top priority and it was an unfortunate incident since they try to be prepared but you can't plan for everything. They say the protests are done within the confines of the law, adding it's important to always video record a protest for the safety and protection of those participating.
Acting Brighton Police Chief Rob Bradford told WHMI reports have been completed and 12 counts of assault and battery against the male suspect are being pursued through the Livingston County Prosecutor's Office. Their name has not been released. Bradford noted there have been no problems with the group, which has contacted the department prior to all protests being held.
Congressman Bishop's Spokesperson Kelli Ford told WHMI "Congressman Bishop respects the right of all citizens to peacefully protest without the threat of violence."
A link to the video is provided. The man shows up in the video around the 5:29 mark, followed by the other woman around 6:45. (JM)
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Mahvash and Jahangir Siddiqui Foundation (MJSF) and Bykea Technologies (Pvt) Limited have signed an agreement to launch the MJSF Bikers Support Scheme. Through this program, bikers who register with Bykea will be able to apply for interest free loans and financial solutions designed specifically to help them increase their potential earnings. MJSF, as part of its efforts to promote micro-credit and self-employment,will provide bikers with micro-credit facility with zero percent mark-up to enable them to obtain necessary equipment for enrolment with Bykea. This partnership will promote self-employment within the country, provide individuals the opportunity to use their skills to generate income and increase earnings for social growth. As part of the arrangement, each biker will receive a smartphone, equipment and license facilitation whose cost will range between 6,000 – 12,000 PKR.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The implosion of the remains of the former Harrison Avenue Bridge in Scranton won't take place until next week.
Originally set for Thursday, the explosive demolition is tentatively reset for next Tuesday. If the weather doesn't cooperate by then, the rain date is two days later, June 7, state Department of Transportation spokesperson James May said.
State officials have set tentative dates several times only to have rain repeatedly thwart plans.
Rain keeps raising the flow of water in Roaring Brook Creek beyond 140 cubic feet per second, the maximum allowed for the implosion, which will drop bridge debris into the creek bed.
With more rain forecast Thursday into Friday morning, officials decided to wait until next week.
Crews began the bridge's demolition last month by tearing down roughly the southern third, then tore down the northern third after that. They hoped to implode the middle section two weeks ago.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9147; @BorysBlogTT on Twitter
Any economic benefits that come from leaving the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) under Brexit must be felt in the communities that depend on the sector, according to a report.
The latest publication, part of a project by The UK in a Changing Europe, has called for an assessment of how fishing communities will be affected by leaving the EU.
Bridlington Harbour
The recommendation is one of 15 in the report, which looks at the lessons that can be learned by a post-Brexit UK from other non-EU coastal states - namely Iceland, Norway and the Faroe Islands.
It found that Brexit creates “opportunities” for the UK Government and the devolved administrations to develop their own approaches to fisheries management, but notes it also brings “challenges” linked to the devolution set-up and the complexity of the sector.
It comes after Yorkshire MP Holly Lynch, Labour's Shadow Minister for Flooding and Coastal Communities, warned that there were a number of issues that needed to be addressed in the Government's upcoming White Paper “if we are to create a secure future for our fishing sector”.
They wrote in The Yorkshire Post this week: “The number of people working on the fishing fleets here in Yorkshire and the Humber has reduced dramatically since 2011 – by almost 30 per cent.”
Despite some perceived advantages of leaving the CFP, the UK's withdrawal from the EU presents significant challenges for the future governance of fisheries, Report by The UK in a Changing Europe
The report, compiled by researchers at the University of the West of Scotland, states that withdrawing from the EU and the CFP means the UK will become an independent coastal state with decision-making over fisheries policy returning to the UK.
“Despite some perceived advantages of leaving the CFP, the UK's withdrawal from the EU presents significant challenges for the future governance of fisheries,” it states.
“Brexit means that the UK and its devolved administrations must develop policy-making and governance capacities in an area where they have hitherto had limited discretion.”
It adds that governing fisheries after Brexit will be “a balancing act” juggling the interests of the sector - which tended to back Brexit - with the need to keep fisheries sustainabile.
The report notes the fishing industry's hopes that “the ability to catch more fish” following Brexit will bring a benefit to fishing communities.
It says: “Fisheries policy in a post-Brexit UK should ensure that any economic benefits accruing from leaving the CFP should also benefit fishing dependent communities.
“A detailed assessment of how these communities would be affected by Brexit and proposed changes to fisheries management ahead of the UK becoming an independent coastal state ought to be undertaken to initiate effective policy responses.”
The report says the UK Government will have to manage “carefully” its relationships with the devolved administrations in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales when it comes to fisheries policy.
“The recalibration of UK fisheries policy is... a potential source of tension between the constituent nations of the UK, with devolved institutions making a case that they ought to have a greater say on fisheries governance,” the report states.
“It is important for both the UK and the devolved governments to find stable common frameworks across a range of policy areas, including fisheries.”
Despite the “clear challenges” posed by Brexit, the report states that leaving the CFP presents the UK with “a blank sheet” when it comes to managing its fish stocks.
Its recommendations include:
- Making sure “key principles” in fisheries management are agreed between the UK government and the devolved administrations.
- Ensuring effective parliamentary scrutiny over post-Brexit fisheries policy.
- Legislating to ensure fisheries' decisions are based on independent scientific advice “which is readily available and free from influence from political and economic interests”.
It also recommends a “three-pillared institutional structure” is put in place, with a government ministry responsible for decision-making, a marine research institute to feed scientific knowledge into policy-making, and an executive agency responsible for day-to-day running of UK fisheries.
Anand Menon, director of The UK in a Changing Europe, said: “Fisheries is one of a number of areas in which the UK will have to develop its own policies post Brexit.
“By drawing on the experience of a number of non-EU states, this report provides an invaluable guide to how best to approach this task.”
HOLYOKE -- City Councilor Jossie M. Valentin has been chosen Democrat of the year by the Holyoke Democratic City Committee.
"The work of the Holyoke Democratic City Committee is focused on principles and values - the values of the Democratic Party, the values of our community, the ability to turn toward each other rather than away," said Ray Drewnowski, chairperson of the Holyoke Democratic City Committee.
"Our work is about building up one another and lending others a hand. Jossie puts those principles and values into practice and goes above and beyond to ensure that everyone's voice is heard.
"Her strong advocacy for the Latino and LGBTQ communities have made them a recognizable voice throughout our area and commonwealth.  They are not afraid to speak truth to power, they are not afraid to disagree - respectfully - with others to speak to what they believe is right," they said in an email Saturday.
The award was presented to Valentin, the Council's Ward 4 representative, April 18 at Jay's Bed and Breakfast, 1109 Dwight St. The committee's executive board voted after receiving nominations from members, they said.
Valentin said they were honored.
"Dems have had some rough patches, especially since the 2016 presidential primary, but at the end of the day we stand together as a community to fight the disaster we have witnessed every day in the White House since January of last year. This change in administration has woken a lot of people up and I'm optimistic about what we can accomplish at all levels of government," Valentin said.
State Rep. Aaron M. Vega, D-Holyoke, said the committee chose an other deserving recipient.
"Jossie's commitment to their community extends from their work as a ward councilor to their role at HCC (Holyoke Community College) and their volunteer work both locally and all they did in Puerto Rico after the hurricane," Vega said.
"She is a great role model for other women, particularly to women of color, who are looking to run for office and take on leadership roles in their community," they said.
Test Boost Elite supplements could make a massive difference on your usual weight reduction success. the general public use dietary supplements to lose weight rapid because those a number of those merchandise do really speed up the technique. it's far vital to remember that whilst Test Boost Elite supplements can assist the procedure they nonetheless want to be part of a complete diet that includes proper food plan and adequate amounts of exercise. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal Monday briefed the Parliamentary
Committee on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor about the CPEC's long term plan agreed between the two countries in a Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) meeting here last month.
Briefing the committee meeting, chaired by Senator Mushahid Hussain Syed, the minister
said the plan was approved after an 18-month long consultation process and sharing with all the
provinces, said a press release.
The provinces endorsed the plan before it was sent to China and “now it is an official
document of the CPEC,” they added.
Ahsan Iqbal said agriculture, poverty alleviation, tourism, culture and improvement in people's
livelihood had been added in the CPEC profile aimed at ensuring wellbeing of local
communities.
Under the plan, they said agricultural research would be undertaken for producing value-added yields by using modern technology. Since Chinese tourists are increasing in large number, it was
decided to promote tourism projects by establishing resorts along the Makran
coast, which would help encourage people to people exchanges between Pakistan
and China within the framework of culture and education.
In January 2018, a delegation of Pakistan's exporters would go to China to enhance Pakistan's
export potential and this delegation is being facilitated by the Government of
Pakistan.
During the JCC meeting, the Minister apprised
the committee that all the Chief Ministers were present as well as, for the
first time, representatives of Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
They also informed that the groundbreaking
of Gwadar International Airport will be performed in March 2018.
The meeting was informed that contrary
to the speculation in the media, the reports of shelving three infrastructure
projects is not correct, rather, Chinese side was reviewing the financial
mechanism of these projects and these would be started upon receipt of approval
from the Chinese side.
The Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) project has been approved as CPEC project while similar projects for Quetta and Peshawar will be reviewed upon receiving technical feasibility reports of the
project.
The Parliamentary Committee was also briefed by the Ministry of Power regarding the
ongoing Early Harvest energy projects. The Thar coal project would be
operational by June 2019 based on mining of indigenous coal from Thar.
The Port Qasim power project would be completed by February 2018 while the
other projects including the Hubco 1320 MW project and two hydro power projects
in Sukki Kinari (870 MW) and Karot (720 MW) are being completed before their
schedules.
The committee expressed satisfaction with the progress of the Early Harvest Projects as well
as the development of the Gwadar Port.
Committee chairperson Senator Mushahid
Hussain welcomed the inclusion of agriculture sector in CPEC, saying the
agriculture was the backbone of the Pakistan's economy. Under the plan, they said
farmers would get the latest technology in collaboration with China and the
agriculture sector would flourish.
They also welcomed the inclusion of tourism
and culture in the CPEC's long term plan, adding that the portfolio has been
broadened to include these key elements of promoting people-to-people
understanding.
Among others, the meeting was attended by Senator Lt Gen. (Retd) Salahuddin
Tirmizi, MNAs Rana Muhammad Afzal, Isphanyar M. Bhandara, Aijaz
Hussain Jakhrani, Asad Umar, Sheikh Salahuddin, Alhaj Shahji Gul Afridi and senior officers of different Ministries and Departments.
Monday morning forecast
Tyler Ryan's Monday morning forecast
Another cold start to the day, with a lot of sunshine. Temps remain cool, reaching only the mid 50's
After last week's tropical temperatures it's only natural that the summer clothes came out of the wardrobe, even if they've not been used so far this week...
-> Yorkshire director filmed giving middle finger to speed cameras and using 'laser jammer' on Range Rover
Out came the shorts, t-shirts and vests, but did you pull out your flip flops and sandals too?
Driving in flip flops could cost you...
If you did, make sure you take care if you're planning on wearing them while driving.
Motorists are being reminded to take care about the footwear they opt for when going out in the car.
It isn't illegal to wear flip flops, sandals, or even to go barefoot while behind the wheel, as long as they still have proper control over the vehicle.
BUT, the footwear is not allowed to impact on the way a car is driven and if it does, then there can be repercussions.
If you put you, yourself, passengers or other motorists in danger due to your footwear, it will then become illegal.
-> Why you could be hit with a £200 fine for using your phone in the passenger seat
TIPS FROM THE RAC ON CHOOSING THE PERFECT FOOTWEAR:
Have a sole no thicker than 10mm
but the sole should not be too thin or soft.
Provide enough grip to stop your foot slipping off the pedals.
Not be too heavy.
Not limit ankle movement.
Be narrow enough to avoid accidentally depressing two pedals at once.
-> Yorkshire motorists left baffled by 'yellow dust' coating cars - and how NOT to remove it
The RAC website continues: "This does technically categorise some types of footwear – such as high-heels and flip-flops – unsuitable for piloting a car.
"While light, flimsy and impractical footwear can be dangerous, so can sturdy, robust shoes, such as walking or snow boots.
"It's important to have a good base and grip to apply pressure to the pedals, but you need a certain degree of finesse to manipulate the controls. If not, you could strike the brake and accelerator together, producing a heart-in-mouth incident."
Marks & Spencer has been slammed by shoppers and scientists for selling apples in a plastic TUBE - so they can fit in car cup holders.
The retailer is flogging three ‘Baby Rockit' apples in cylinder-shaped packets - which they say make them easier to store.
But M&S has been criticised for overuse of plastic by customers including marine biologists.
Professor Brendan Godley, conservation science lecturer at Exeter University, tweeted a picture of the tubing.
Mr Godley wrote: “Please retweet if you think its passe for Marks and Spencer to be selling apples in plastic tubes because they “fit car cup holders (M&S rep).”
Their tweet included the hashtags #timetochange and #irresponsiblepackaging.
They later tweeted: “Apples don't need to come in a plastic tube.
“We should be recycling essential plastics and ablating non essential uses from the marketplace and companies like Marks and Spencer are in a great position to lead.”
And fellow Environmental lecturer at University of York, Bryce Beukers-Stewart, tweeted: “If only apples came with some kind of protective edible skin...
“Poor show Marks and Spencer - I thought you cared about #PlasticPollution.”
A representative for Marks and Spencer responded to the tweets by Bryce, saying the main purpose of the tubes is for “protection and convenience”.
They wrote: “We do care Bryce :/ The main reasons for the tube are protection and convenience. Being a small pack, it can easily fit in a car cup holder, or a bag.
‘'The polymer used is PET which is widely recycled, though we're working on improving the material used to keep in line with our Plan A initiative.”
Marks and Spencer's ‘Plan A 2025' aims to transform lives and communities and for the company to become a zero-waste business.
For 11 months of 2017, more than 300 suicide attempts among adolescents have been detected in Osh city. The Central Internal Affairs Directorate informed 24.kg news agency.
According to its data, the day before it was reported that a 12-year-old girl had taken diphenhydramine. They were hospitalized in Osh city hospital.
According to doctors, the girl is in grave condition. She's in intensive care unit. The police are finding out what caused the suicide attempt. The Central Internal Affairs Directorate added that 20 deaths were recorded as a result of suicide.
After the Brexit vote, Manu*, a Spanish employee of a large custodian bank in London, said they wanted to leave London and go back to their native Spain. But 18 months on, their feelings have mellowed and they now feel more optimistic about post Brexit life in the City.
“When it happened, I woke up and I put the TV on and I was angry and thought ‘that is it, I will leave because I don't feel welcome in the UK',” they said. “But at the end of the day I don't think I'll move unless I have really good opportunities. I've been here for...
Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has a new project, and it may just surprise you.
Ballmer is these days mostly known for owning the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team and a significant Twitter stake, but this week they are taking the wraps off USAFacts, a website chock-full of data related to U.S. government spending.
The idea is to present the facts around the government, and its use of money, in a simple way that hasn't be done to date. The New York Times reports that Ballmer has spent over $10 million on the three-year-old project, that includes hiring a team of Seattle-based researchers and giving a grant to the University of Pennsylvania to help gather data. The paper said they are prepared to continue to bankroll the program at an estimated cost of $3 million-5 million per year.
Ballmer, who describes the site as a 10K for the government, is particularly famous for their appreciation of numbers and data in arguments, which spills over from business into their personal life, too.
“I would like citizens to be able to use this to form intelligent opinions. People can disagree about what to do — I'm not going to tell people what to do,” they told the Times, adding that opinions should be based on “on common data sets that are believable.”
USAFacts isn't available to the public at the time of writing — a holding page says it will open up in “Spring 2017” — but it is expected to go live on Tuesday.
The project was first announced last November — through an interview with Bloomberg — and Ballmer stressed that it is nonpartisan and wholly factual.
Former President Barack Obama opened the veil on government data when they introduced an open data portal that provided some public information, but things are less clear under current President Trump. Obama-era data has been archived and cleared, but thus far the Trump administration has neither posted new data nor commented on its plans for the system.
Ballmer said USAFacts takes some data from the White House project, alongside other government sources. The only rule, according to Ballmer, is to avoid information from outside parties in order to remain accurate.
Sportscaster Mike Tirico will be calling Notre Dame games on NBC. (Photo: Ethan Miller, Getty Images)
Ann Arbor resident Mike Tirico will take over as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame football games on NBC this season, joining analyst Doug Flutie.
Tirico replaces Dan Hicks, who did Fighting Irish games for the past four seasons. Hicks still will be part of NBC Sports' golf coverage and next year's Winter Olympics. Last season, Tirico filled in for Hicks on three Notre Dame games. Tirico will also call NBC's Thursday night NFL games this season.
“Mike has been an elite play-by-play voice in both professional and collegiate football for more than a decade,” said Sam Flood, executive producer and president of production for NBC Sports. “He is the latest in a line of distinguished broadcasters to call Notre Dame Football on NBC, including Dick Enberg, Charlie Jones, Tom Hammond, Don Criqui, and Dan Hicks.
“We look forward to hearing Mike call the first-ever game at the newly-renovated Notre Dame Stadium against Temple on Sept. 2 on NBC.”
Notre Dame has seven games on NBC this season.
Flutie, the 1984 Heisman Trophy winner for Boston College, is entering their third season doing Irish games. Kathryn Tappen will be the sideline reporter for a fourth season.
NBC also announced Monday that former Texas quarterback Chris Simms, the son of former quarterback and NFL analyst Phil Simms, is joining the Dame broadcasts as a studio analyst.
A A A
The Latest: Yellen says they haven't asked Trump for 2nd term
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to announce the Federal Open Market Committee decision on interest rates following a two-day meeting. The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) The rate decision of the Federal Reserve is shown on a television on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. The Federal Reserve is hiking a key interest rate for the second time this year and is planning to reduce the size of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as well. Fed officials voted 8-1 to raise the federal funds rate to a range of 1 to 1.25 percent. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) . . 1 of 2 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — The Latest on the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting (all times local):
___
2:55 p.m.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says they have not spoken with President Donald Trump about serving a second four-year term in office.
Yellen told reporters at a news conference, "So what I've said about my own situation is I fully intend to serve out my term as chair, which ends in early February."
They declined to say whether they would like to serve a second term. Former President Barack Obama nominated Yellen as Fed chair and their term is slated to end on February 3, 2018.
___
2:20 p.m.
Reaction was muted on financial markets to the Federal Reserve's latest rate increase, which was widely expected by investors.
Bond yields didn't move much after the Fed's announcement at 2 p.m. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note was 2.12 percent, the same as shortly before the statement came out. That rate is closely tied to interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index, the benchmark that professional investors follow, likewise wasn't changed much either. It was down a point to 2,439.
The Dow Jones industrial average was up 22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,352, little changed from before the announcement.
___
2:05 p.m.
Federal Reserve policymakers lowered their forecasts for inflation and unemployment, and continued to predict they would raise rates once more this year.
Fed officials now expect the U.S. unemployment rate to end the year at 4.3 percent, down from the 4.5 percent they predicted in March. They are just catching up with reality: The jobless rate has dropped with unexpected speed — to a 16-year-low 4.3 percent in May.
The policymakers now expect their favored measure of inflation to come in at 1.6 percent this year, down from the 1.9 percent they expected in March and below their 2 percent target. Annual inflation is running at 1.7 percent.
They increased their projections for economic growth this year to 2.2 percent from the 2.1 percent they forecast in March. They continue to expect the economy to grow 2.1 percent next year and 1.9 percent in 2019. These rates are well below the Trump administration growth goals of 3 percent a year.
The Fed raised the short-term rate it controls to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent, the second hike this year and the third in six months. The policymakers signaled that they still expect to raise rates once more in 2017.
___
2:00 p.m.
The Federal Reserve is hiking a key interest rate for the second time this year and is planning to reduce the size of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as well.
Fed officials voted 8-1 to raise the federal funds rate to a range of 1 to 1.25 percent. The rate sets what banks can charge each other for overnight loans and influences the availability and flow of money in the U.S. economy. Only Neel Kashkari, president of the Minneapolis Fed bank, opposed the increase.
The Fed also says it expects to begin reducing its balance sheet this year "provided the economy evolves broadly as anticipated." This would reduce its holdings of Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds, which they acquired in the wake of the financial crisis to support economic growth. Fed officials project growth of roughly 2 percent in 2017.
___
1:00 p.m.
The Federal Reserve is expected to announce plans to lift a key interest rate at 2 p.m. Eastern time.
Fed officials are wrapping up their two-day June meeting. Most analysts believe the Fed will raise the federal funds rate — what banks charge each other for short-term loans — for the second time this year. Fed officials previously increased the rate in March to a range of 0.75 to 1 percent. There was only one rate increase in both 2015 and 2016.
Financial markets have been anticipating the increase. U.S. stock markets were relatively flat through afternoon trading, while the yields on 10-year Treasury notes had fallen to 2.11 percent.
___
4:35 a.m.
World stock markets and the dollar are firm ahead of an expected interest rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Germany's DAX index is up 0.4 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 0.1 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 ended the day marginally lower. Some gains are expected on Wall Street later, with the futures for both the Dow and S&P 500 up 0.1 percent.
In currency markets, the dollar is up to 110.22 yen from Tuesday's 110.04 yen. It is roughly flat against the pound, at $1.2758.
The U.S. central bank is widely predicted to nudge up its benchmark rate by a quarter point on Wednesday, to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
DEVELOPERS who launched a crusade of appeals in a last-ditch attempt to convert office space into residential accommodation on one of Newbury's main industrial zones have been withdrawn.
Overbridge Development Ltd had tried to overturn four separate planning application refusals made by West Berkshire Council last autumn.
These involve converting office space into residential units in four separate buildings on the industrial site – Bridge House, Lock House, Weir House and Mill House.
Separate plans to build 31 flats on Overbridge Square Business Park, Hambridge Lane, were rejected by West Berkshire Council last September.
Council planners said at the time that the plans for the new three-storey building, which would be built on the site's existing car park, should be refused on environmental grounds.
The fresh four appeals involved change of use applications from office use into residential dwellings for a total of 83 residential units under Permitted Development Rights.
These enable developers to carry out certain building works and changes of use without having to make a planning application.
But last week they were withdrawn.
It is the latest attempt by developers to encroach on one of Newbury's Protected Employment Areas (PEAs) of which Hambridge Lane is one.
PEAs are parcels of land designated for business class or office use, as defined within the council's local district plan.
Other PEAs include Newbury Business Park, where the district council approved a change of use application to convert empty office space at Emerald House, into 138 residential units in May.
This was the second change of use application under permitted development rights that the local authority has approved at Newbury's premier business park, on London Road, in just over a year.
The move sparked growing concern among some Newbury town councillors – including the town council planning and highways chairperson Anthony Pick – that the equilibrium between business and residential use in the town is becoming increasingly unbalanced.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Scranton Prep junior Gabby Hanstein talks with Father Joe Weber during their visit to Holy Family Residence on Tuesday. JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Scranton Prep junior Gabby Hanstein, 17, of Scranton, talks with Anne Gross, left, and Catherine Lyons during their Valentine's Day visit to Holy Family Residence in Scranton on Tuesday.
Gabby Hanstein trades valentines for smiles.
As they walked around a special Valentine's Day lunch at Holy Family Residence in Scranton on Tuesday, they greeted each diner with a handmade card and a poem they wrote.
“The bloom of a flower Is like the bloom of love Always know that you are special Always know that you are loved.”
Gabby, 17, first distributed their handmade valentines at Holy Family as a kindergarten student. Now in their 12th year, 840 nursing home residents in the region received cards on Tuesday because of Gabby's efforts.
“It makes them so happy,” the Scranton Preparatory School junior said. “It's nice to see someone smile.”
Calling their mission “From Our Hearts to Yours,” Gabby asks students around Lackawanna County to submit homemade valentines, which they then distributes to nursing homes in the region.
Gabby searches school websites for email addresses for teachers, mostly for younger grades, and asks those teachers for their help. This year, students from All Saints Academy, Clarks Summit Elementary, Abington Heights Middle School, Frances Willard Elementary, Neil Armstrong Elementary, North Pocono High School, Riverside Elementary East and St. Gregory's made cards. Over the weekend, Gabby delivered the greetings to nine centers.
“It's a beautiful gesture of love,” said Holy Family's Mother Superior Theresa Louisa, of the Little Sisters of the Poor.
As residents enjoyed lunches of stuffed chicken breasts, red velvet cupcakes and chocolate-covered strawberries, Gabby missed their Latin and English classes to distribute their hand-colored cards.
The residents squeezed their hands and said thanks. Gabby blushed.
“The cards are wonderful,” said Catherine Lyons, who turns 97 next month. “She'd have to be in my seat to see what the cards bring to you.”
Gabby also sometimes brings their therapy dog, a sheltie named Daisy, to visit the residents at Holy Family. Them mother, Leigh Hanstein, said they find their daughter's compassion inspiring.
“I'm just extremely proud of her,” Leigh Hanstein said.
Gabby said seeing residents smile is worth all the work.
“It's just so sweet to see how happy it makes them and to let them know they're remembered on Valentine's Day,” they said.
Contact the writer: shofius@timesshamrock.com, @hofiushallTT on Twitter
On Monday, March 19, E! News reported that Project Runway contestant Chris March survived a devastating accident in June 2017 and their continued recovery needs help from their fans. According to E! News, people close to the acclaimed fashion and costume designer created a GoFundMe on Monday to help raise money for March's extensive medical treatment, revealing the extent of their health battle. The campaign does not mention the exact nature of March's accident, only that it took place last June and that they are still recovering in the hospital.
According to the GoFundMe campaign page, March "suffered a debilitating accident" last summer that led them to be put into a medically induced coma for several weeks. "Thanks to the miracle of modern science they have pulled through, but is still in a very fragile state," the campaign details. "His right arm has been paralyzed and at this moment, has limited use of their hands and legs. In addition, he's dealing with respiratory issues that demand constant care." The GoFundMe is seeking $100,000 in donations, because March's medical expenses are "skyrocketing" and their health insurance has "maxed out." The money would reportedly go to March's need for "continuous physical therapy" so that they could return to their life as well as their medical bills and future expenses.
Marie Claire on YouTube
March is best known for their stints on Project Runway Season 4 and for finishing as the third runner-up on Project Runway All-Star Challenge. They were known on the show for their loud, and frequent laughter, and for some truly gag-worthy looks, like their final runway collection of designs that used actual human hair.
According to the biography on their website, before won over fans with their sweet, funny personality on the reality series, they spent 10 years creating costumes for San Francisco's iconic show Beach Blanket Babylon, the longest running musical theater revue in live-theater history which is particularly well known for its over-the-top headdresses and extravagant costume pieces.
Since the show, March, who is now based in New York, has continued to design costumes for theater and live performances, including for Cirque Du Soleil. They have occasionally appeared on television on the Real Housewives of New York, listed as a friend to cast member Sonja Morgan. They have also created looks for many celebrities, including style icons that don't even need last names like Madonna, Prince and Beyoncé. They also designed Meryl Streep's 2010 Academy Awards gown (in the photo below), which was recognized on several "best dress" lists.
Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
2010 was a big year for the designer. That was also when they came out with I Heart Chris March, their coffee table book filled of pictures of 25 years of their design.
Their theatrical style earned their an exclusive Halloween partnership with Target, which included them designing many costume elements sold by the major retail outlet. The deal extended to a line of silly Christmas-accessories that included fake glasses that look like festive mini-wreaths and pairs that had reindeer antlers and a nose attached to square frames.
As of Monday evening the GoFundMe campaign benefitting march has raised a little over $2,500 of its $100,000 goal through the help of 64 participants. Many fans wrote their well wishes for the designer on comments on the page. One such user wrote, "Chris, as a bigger gay man, I felt so out of place but seeing you on Project Runway made me feel happier being the happy goofball I wanted to be. I will do everything I can! Big Hugs and you are my hero!"
The campaign states, "We want Chris March to continue making us giggle with their infectious laugh, incredible outfits , unexpected outrages and most of all their out-of-this-world wigs, all of which make us always feel fabulous!"
Hopefully, the GoFundMe campaign for will help March throughout their recovery.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought details of foreign assets of formers presidents Asif Ali Zardari and General (retd) Pervez Musharraf and former attorney general Justice (retd) Malik Qayyum while hearing a sou moto case pertaining to the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO).
A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice of Pakistan Mian Saqib Nisar passed the directions while hearing the suo moto case. Under the NRO issued by then president Musharraf in 2007 granted amnesty to politicians and other individuals, by quashing corruption and criminal cases against them so they could return to the country.
During the course of proceedings, the CJP observed that the court should be taken into confidence regarding the ownership of foreign accounts and assets by individuals.
The Attorney General for Pakistan and Zardari's counsel Farooq H Naek attended the court proceedings.
The chief justice remarked,”We have to make dams and other bigger projects, including ending of corruption”.
It may add that nominating Musharraf, Zardari and former attorney general Qayyum as respondents, petitioner Feroz Shah Gilani had requested the court in April this year to order recovery of ‘huge amounts of public money' misappropriated and wasted by them through unlawful means ‘already on record in different judgments of the Supreme Court and high courts.
They had contended that Musharraf subverted the Constitution by declaring emergency followed by the promulgation of NRO, through which criminal and corruption cases against politicians, including Zardari, were ‘arbitrarily withdrawn' causing huge financial losses to the national exchequer.
Hy-Vee will begin offering Fair Trade Certified fresh and frozen scallops in all 245 of its stores, making it the first Midwest retailer to do so, according to the grocer. The domestically sourced, Fair Trade seafood will begin hitting Hy-Vee shelves this month in conjunction with National Seafood Month, “a time to highlight smart seafood choices, sustainable fishing practices and the health benefits of eating a diet rich in seafood.” Hy-Vee plans to convert all of its scallop offerings to Fair Trade as additional supply becomes available.
Hy-Vee says the scallops, caught in the cold waters off the coast of New England, are world-renowned for their texture, color and flavor, and offer shoppers an opportunity to support American fishing communities and Fair Trade practices in a single purchase.
“Hy-Vee continues to work toward providing the very best in seafood for our Midwest customers,” said Brett Bremser, EVP and chief merchandising officer for Hy-Vee. “Providing Fair Trade scallops gives our customers confidence that the scallops they enjoy from Hy-Vee were sourced responsibly.”
Hy-Vee is partnering with Fair Trade USA, a nonprofit organization, to expand its Fair Trade seafood offerings. As part of the partnership, Hy-Vee says it is working to build more resilient livelihoods in fishing communities, improved working and living conditions, increased supply and demand for responsibly sourced seafood, and enhanced environmental flight attendantship and ecosystem protection.
“Fair Trade is all about empowering the people behind our favorite products,” said Julie Kuchepatov, director of seafood at Fair Trade USA. “Thanks to Hy-Vee's scallop offerings, Hy-Vee customers can extend these benefits to U.S. fishermen every time they shop.”
Fair Trade USA's seafood program addresses both social and environmental challenges in the seafood sector. The organization says its standards for marine resources ensure that fisheries are managed legally and responsibly, preventing further overfishing.
Earlier this year, Hy-Vee transitioned 100 percent of its service case yellowfin tuna to Fair Trade certified sources as part of its Seafood Procurement Policy. The policy was developed in partnership with FishWise, a nonprofit sustainable seafood consultancy that promotes the health and recovery of ecosystems through environmentally and socially responsible business practices.
More Hy-Vee news:
Hy-Vee To Operate 26 Wahlburgers And Offer In-Store Fitness Classes
Hy-Vee Rolls Out First Products In Clean Honest Ingredients Initiative
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Devin Allen
Photographer
They say that photographers need to be in the right place at the right time to capture a moment, but Devin Allen has been studying Baltimore for years.
Growing up, they lived just a few miles from where Freddie Gray was arrested by police and suffered a fatal spinal injury. Allen first began taking photos in 2013 with a desire to become a professional photographer. In the years that followed, they mainly focused on model shoots and street photography.
When people began gathering after Gray's funeral, Allen grabbed their camera to shoot the protests, which later turned into a violent uprising. The images they captured went viral and were chosen for the cover of a May 2015 Time magazine — only the third amateur photographer ever to be featured in such a fashion in the publication's history.
Last year, the self-taught photographer published “A Beautiful Ghetto,” showcasing 100 black-and-white photos of Baltimore. Some are from the unrest while others feature ordinary life in the city, such as a resident getting their hair braided, a child playing on a swing and a building with plywood over its windows.
Their work has been shown at the Reginal F. Lewis Museum.
Allen in 2017 also was named as one of two inaugural recipients of the Gordon Parks Foundation fellowship, which honors artists who are working for social change. With the project “Through Their Eyes,” they aim to equip children in areas where school arts funding has been cut with cameras and lessons so they may express themselves creatively.
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
NEW YORK — Equifax knows a lot about you. That is, in essence, how it makes money. The company and its competitors have in their files the personal financial information of tens of millions of Americans like you, going back decades. Your mortgage loan totals. When you switched from a Macy's card to a Target card. How ...
Islamabad
Completion of under-construction motorways and highways including China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) projects would open new vistas of opportunities for the people of the adjacent areas and end sense of deprivation among the people of far flung areas of the country.
Talking to APP on Sunday, National Highway Authority (NHA) General Manager Design Asim Amin said that tens of thousands of job opportunities will be created directly and indirectly after the completion of new roads in the country and destiny of the poor people will be changed forever.
Asim said that most of ongoing NHA prosecutes are being executed in comparatively less developed areas of the country, especially Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan. They said that due to policies of the present government in coming few years road infrastructure in the country would be transformed and Pakistan would become hub of regional trade.
Asim Amin said that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had given the task of early completion of these projects to NHA, which also included alignments of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor.
They informed that presently either these projects were being executed or in the planning stage. ‘Allah Almighty has bestowed Pakistan with such geography that about 40 percent of world population lives in its vicinity and it can act as a gateway between the most populous countries of the world, India and China,' they elaborated.
The NHA GM said that main objectives of the NHA are to develop high-speed north-south economic corridor, provide linkages with the Gwadar port and enhance regional connectivity.
Asim Amin said that presently the NHA's portfolio has crossed Rs 1,000 billion, which used to be 50 to 60 billion a few years back.
To a question, they said that CPEC was the name of building roads from Khunjerab to Gwadar. ‘A number of sections of this mega project have been completed and the remaining are under construction,' they informed.
They said 335 km Khunjerb-Raikot section of the Karakoram Highway (N-35) has already been upgraded while for the upgradation of Raikot-Thakot section of the highway, damaged during 2010 floods, China had given $ 70 million grant and its 136 km portion had been rehabilitated while for the remaining 140 km section talks for another grant worth $ 80 million were in progress.
The NHA GM said that construction work of Havelian-Thakot Motorway section was in full swing and it was expected to be completed in three years
The stretch of motorway from Havelian passes through Abbottabad, Mansehra and Shinkiari, ending at Thakot.
Asim further said that work on 59 km Burhan-Havelian of Hazara Motorway was going on smoothly and would be completed next year. They told that the western corridor was divided into six sections including Hakla-Dera Ismail Khan (288km), Dera Ismail Khan-Zhob (205km), Zhob-Quetta (331 km), Quetta-Sohrab 211km, Sohrab-Hoshab 449 km and Hoshab-Gwadar 193km.
They said that western route passed through less developed areas of KP and Balochistan. ‘With development on this route, people living in these areas would get jobs,' they added.
About Hakla-Dera Ismail Khan Expressway, they said that construction of a 285km new road between Halka, an area near Islamabad, and Dera Ismail Khan had been divided into five parts to ensure that the work was completed in two years.
They said Halka-Dera Ismail Khan road was the biggest missing link in the proposed western route, and it would be completed by August 2018. ‘One of the major projects of CPEC is the widening of 533km long two-lane Dera Ismail Khan-Quetta Highway,' they said, and added, ‘Under the project, the road will be turned into a four-lane carriageway. Its feasibility study has been carried out by the National Engineering Services of Pakistan.'
They said that groundbreaking of the upgradation of Zhob-Mughalkot section had been performed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in December 2015. The NHA GM said that up-gradation of Zhob-Quetta highway had also been realised while Sorab-Hoshab section had recently been inaugurated.
They further said that 193 km Hoshab-Turbat-Gwadar portion had been completed. Asim said rehabilitation of DI Khan-Mughalkot section of N-50 would be completed by 2018.
Moreover, they said that dualisation of 531 km DI Khan to Kuchlak section of N-50 would be operational by 2020. About dualisation of 211 km Quetta-Kalat-Surab section, they said it was planned to be completed by 2020.
Asim said the NHA would also strengthen the east-west connectivity through Balochistan and extend across all provinces including Gilgit-Baltistan.
They said that during past three years the NHA had completed 58km Multan-Khanewal Motorway which cost Rs14 billion, 150 km Qila Saifullah-Zhob Highway which cost Rs8.3 billion, 68 km Sukkur-Jacababad which cost Rs8.5 billion.
Moreover they said that the NHA also completed Rs10.3 billion Faisalabad-Gojra section of Motorway which had the total length of 58 km, 384 km Raikot-Khunjerab which cost Rs490 million, 64 km Waighum Rud-Khjuri road at the cost of Rs13 billion, 7.6 km Peshawar Northern Bypass (package I) which cost Rs22 billion.—APP
New Traditions On The Horizon December 7, 2017
From small changes to big ones, ‘tis the season!
AMANDA BANCROFT
Making Ripples
The holiday season is in full swing, but our traditions don't have to be harmful to our health, other people or the environment. They can be just as joyous (albeit perhaps less nostalgic) without doing any damage. Of course, the term “harmless” is going to be slightly subjective and most useful only in comparison to worse alternatives, and perfection cannot be achieved – so don't stress about it. Only you know your own holiday traditions, so only you can analyze what harm they may be doing or what feels right in changing anything about them.
These are just a few ideas to provoke a thoughtful, loving approach to the holidays and hopefully inspire new traditions or a makeover of old traditions that need an upgrade into a more modern world in which everyone's life matters greatly (including people we don't know, animals and the natural environment, which sustains us all).
Do you already think a lot about making a difference around the holidays? Maybe there is a family tradition that's been going on for generations that could be enhanced or expanded. For example, charities are often overwhelmed with support during December, but they struggle to get enough donations the rest of the year. If your family already does a service activity, you might expand that into a plan for one service project each month of 2018. At the end of that year, every member of the family could briefly share which one was the most meaningful to them and why.
Do you consume an excessive amount of sugar or treats during the holidays which make you feel ill? If you're sick, it won't be as much fun, and you can't make as big a difference in your family, neighborhood or the world. Maybe bake smaller batches of cookies, use healthier recipes or enjoy treats only on the night they're made, then share them with friends or neighbors who don't have as much. Meat consumption can also be a problem, as in most cases it creates animal suffering and harms the environment in a myriad of ways. If you don't want to give it up completely, try going one or two meals without meat and testing gourmet vegan recipes.
For gifts, have you considered how the items are made, how the producers are treated, or whether they harm the air we breathe or the water we drink? If it's possible and affordable to buy a more ethical gift, do so. Another option that many younger people prefer is to have experiences, not possessions. Family holiday outings, trips, service projects, unique or romantic adventures are often more memorable than a tangible, wrapped gift. Don't forget to be tourists in your hometown. There are often scenic areas that get overlooked!
Sometimes it's unavoidable, but travel increases our carbon footprint. Maybe you could purchase carbon offsets, carpool, take a bus or Amtrak instead? Eco-friendly hotels and bed and breakfasts are becoming more common, so seek them out if that's important to you.
Overall, though, it comes down to what values you hold dear and creative ways to express the holiday hurrah without harming anybody. You could make a simple switch (use recycled gift wrap) or a flying reindeer leap (decorate a living wildlife feeder tree instead) but what matters most is that you care to try. Begin somewhere, and keep going. If you do, someday we could live in a world in which doing the right thing is easy, and people must go out of their way to cause harm.
Amanda Bancroft is a writer, artist, and naturalist building an off-grid cottage for land conservation on Mt. Kessler. They and their husband Ryan blog about their adventures and offer a solar-hosted online educational center on how to make a difference with everyday choices at www.RipplesBlog.org.
TORONTO — Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred is encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
"Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks," Manfred said Tuesday. "Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 per cent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible."
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues, but said they were "not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level." The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of their threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
"This has really been a unique April for us," Manfred said. "We've set a record for the number of games that have been cancelled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April."
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
"No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks," Manfred said. "In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule."
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairperson Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
File photo
Mr Saanbanye Basilide Kangberee, a 70-year-old retired english lecturer of a Saudi Arabian-based University, has been voted as the new Regional Chairman of the governing New Patriotic Party (NPP) in Upper West Region.
Mr Kangberee swept 134 out of 234 votes cast to beat a highly tipped contender Mr Hafiz Bin Salih who managed with 69 votes.
Other contestants of the Regional Chairman position included Mr Dapilaa Ishak Gaaba who polled two votes, Mr. Duou Philip Naa had one vote, Alhaji Salifu Sina four votes and Alhaji Toyiba Mahama got 23 votes. One vote was rejected.
Mr. Kangberee in a short victory speech expressed profound thanks to the delegates for their support and pleaded with all members to give them the same backing as they gave to the previous leaders to help move the Party forward in the Region.
Other positions contested included the Regional First and Second Vice Chairmen positions, Regional Secretary, Assistant Regional Secretary, Regional Organizer, Regional Treasurer, Regional Youth Organizer, Regional Women Organizer and Regional Nasara Coordinator.
For the Regional First Vice Chairman position, Aziz Abdul-Rahaman polled 140 votes to beat four other contestants.
They include Mr. Alhassan Sulemana 48 votes, Mr. Inusah Bipuah four votes, Mr. Seidu I. Suleman 15 votes and Mr. Lawrence Yiryel 28 votes.
Mr. Cletus Aapengnuo also polled 77 votes to win the Regional Second Vice Chairman position while their closest contender, Mr. K. O. Yengeh polled 70 votes.
The other contenders for the position are Mr. Abraham Bankpanla six votes, Mr. Abdul-Aziz Suleman, 55, votes and Mr. Philip Braimah 25 votes.
Mr. Alitu Isaac polled 77 votes to become the new Regional Secretary beating their closest rival, Mr. Amos Gyetuo who polled 76 votes while the other contestants, Mr. Abu Ibrahim Tamah and Mr. Mumuni Baba Seidu polled 44 and 37 votes respectively.
World Cancer Day dedicated to child survivors, patients
Zubair Qureshi
Like every year, this year too, Nuclear Medicine, Oncology & Radiotherapy Institute (NORI) organized an awareness seminar for general public here Saturday in connection with the World Cancer Day being observed on February 4 (today). This year, the day has been dedicated to the young heroes, the cancer survivors and the patients. One could see at NORI, a large number of such youthful role models who waged epic war against the disease and defeated it. They said it is the will power and devotion of the NORI doctors and above all Allah's blessings that enabled them to fight cancer out and defeat it. We pray NORI would continue to serve the community with the same spirit. Adviser to Prime Minister on National History and Literary Heritage Irfan Siddiqui was the chief guest at ceremony while among the prominent names that participated in the seminar and addressed on the occasion included Member Admin PAEC, Maj. General (R) Munnawar Ahmad Solehria, Patron NPWS Dr Ahmed Qidwai, President Green Task Force and eminent social worker Dr. Jamal Nasir, President Pakistan Sweet Homes, Zamurad Khan, Head Oncology and Radiology, NORI, Dr. Humera Mahmood, , Director NORI, Dr. Mohammad Faheem. In their address as Chief Guest Irfan Siddiqui said by listening to the brave cancer survivors of Oncology department NORI they have come to the conclusion that faith, hope, appropriate and timely intervention can lead to successful treatment of cancer. “Awareness can lead to prevention and early detection of cancer” said Irfan Siddiqui. They also appreciated the efforts of Atomic Energy Cancer Hospital NORI and lauded the fact that the hospital is not only playing a pivotal role in fight against cancer but also treating the cancer patients irrespective of age, financial status of patients and stage of the disease.
In their welcome address, Director NORI, Dr Mohammad Faheem said NORI is one of the 18 cancer hospitals being run by Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC). They apprised the audience how the hospital has been relieving Cancer patients of their pain, misery and distress since its inception in 1983 by ensuring strict quality control besides solving their financial woes with subsidized treatment for the deserving patients. They said, “80pc percent of the patients suffering from this horrifying disease come to NORI for treatment as the hospital has state-of-the-art facilitates like Linear Accelerator etc.
The Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver reported last month the average benchmark price for all properties in Metro Vancouver was just below $1.1 million, an increase of 16 per cent since March 2017. The average price for a detached single family home in Metro Vancouver was $1.6 million.
Rental vacancy rates in the areas around Vancouver, Victoria and Kelowna are below one per cent.
Cameron Muir, chief economist at the B.C. Real Estate Association, said the plan to compile data to track presale condominiums is long overdue.
"It's a data gap that needs to be addressed and I think this is a good move to better understand the presale condo market," they said, adding the legislation would force the reporting of the condo flips and allow the government to collect the tax.
Housing Minister Selina Robinson said the government also introduced amending legislation to give municipal governments stronger zoning tools to protect and improve the supply of rental properties.
The legislation would allow local governments to ensure existing rental properties cannot be redeveloped for other uses, they said. It would also permit cities to ensure undeveloped land zoned for rental will be used for rental homes, said Robinson.
"Local governments are on the front lines of this housing crisis," they said. "With this new authority local governments will be able to preserve existing rental stock and encourage the development of new purpose-built rentals within their communities."
The amendments would require local governments to conduct housing need assessment surveys and prepare data reports every five years, Robinson said.
Muir said the hot real estate market in Metro Vancouver has deterred developers from embracing the rental construction market.
"The profit tends to be in the condominium side," they said. "Any measure to induce increased rental construction activity is probably a good one."
Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps said there are 10,000 rental buildings from the 1960s in Victoria that require some form of updating, including seismic work.
"We're definitely looking at incentives for developers," they said.
By Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
The Range Rover to end all Range Rovers cometh.
T.Fotiadis Design, a company based in Berlin, Germany that normally crafts luxury yachts and high-end residential interiors, has plans for a Range Rover 6x6 pickup truck dubbed the SLT.
But where a similar vehicle like Mercedes-AMG's G63 6x6 is all about performance, T.Fotiadis' SLT not only maximizes capability but also ushers in ultra-posh motoring.
The vehicle also has a specific purpose. It's envisioned as a tender for superyachts where it could be used to transport the yacht's owner and guests (plus all their luggage) from the dock to an airport or hotel or to private residences. Fotiadis tells us the vehicle's initials stand for Superyacht Land Tender.
T.Fotiadis Design SLT Range Rover 6x6 Enlarge Photo
The company says the vehicle also features inspiration from its luxury yacht designs. Yacht-like is its proportions, indeed. The SLT is based on the Range Rover Long-Wheelbase and measures 244 inches long, 84 inches wide, and sits 73 inches tall.
Details on its off-road gear are slim, but T.Fotiadis said the vehicle features three axles, six 20-inch wheels, and a custom body kit. Powering the mammoth 6x6 will be the choice of a 2.0-liter inline-4 married to a plug-in hybrid system, a 4.4-liter diesel V-8, or a 5.0-liter supercharged V-8—all standard powertrain units offered on the Ranger Rover in Europe.
On the luxury front, T.Fotiadis plans to outfit the interior of the SLT with liquid metal and resin, porcelain, crystal. A set of exclusive seats will come from Foglizzo and owners will be able to customize all interior motifs and colors. Other niceties will include a wine chiller, airline-style and power-operated folding tables, onboard Wi-Fi, and LCD touchscreens in the rear.
Development of the SLT is ongoing but the vehicle should be ready (fittingly) for a debut at the 2018 Monaco Yacht Show in September. The order books will open in the next three months.
Johnny Marr has plans for a solo tour which will play Boston.
The former Smiths guitarist will be at the Paradise Rock Club on Oct. 21, part of a fall tour to support their new release "Call the Comet" which is out on June 15.
Ticket information for the complete tour is available through the artist's website at johnnymarr.com.
Along with their guitar work, Marr formed a songwriting partnership with Morrissey to create the sound of the 80s English rock band The Smiths.
“Still, the corporate sector strength has not spread to households who are facing higher costs of living and future uncertainty. The key is how price-adjusted real wages grow to support private consumption from now on.” The preliminary reading for fourth-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) figure translated into 0.2 per cent growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis, versus a 0.3 per cent gain expected by analysts.
External demand — or exports minus imports — contributed 0.2 percentage point to GDP, with exports rising 2.6 per cent, the fastest growth in two years, on shipments of cars to China and the United States, and those of electronics parts to Asia. Private consumption, which accounts for roughly 60 per cent of GDP, showed no growth, largely in line with a flat reading forecast by economists. Rising prices of fresh food and vegetables are likely to have dented households' purchasing power. Protectionist risks Underlining a struggle to accelerate inflation to the Bank of Japan's 2 per cent target, the GDP deflator, a broad gauge of prices, fell 0.1 per cent in October-December from the same period a year earlier, down for a second straight quarter of declines. Housing investment, a bright spot in the economy thanks to/she is central bank's aggressive monetary easing, rose 0.2 per cent, the slowest expansion in four quarters. On the upside, capital expenditure — a key component of GDP — rose 0.9 per cent, reversing from a 0.3 per cent decline in the third quarter. Just the same, some economists saw risks stemming from weak domestic demand as well as trade protectionism. During the October-December period, the dollar rebounded to as high as above 118 yen following Trump's election, after hitting lows around 101 yen in October. A weaker yen helped Japan's exports mark the first growth in 15 months in December. It was fetching 113.91 yen on Monday. Trump's protectionist policies, which have rattled global markets and regional economies reliant on the vast US market, have kept investors guessing about the outlook for world trade, investment and growth. Despite the positive diplomatic overture, the Trump-Abe meeting on the weekend has done little to allay deeper concerns about growing US protectionism. “I don't think this summit was any indication of change in Trump's stance of negotiating with its trading partners based on recognition that a US trade deficit is bad,” Yoshimasa Maruyama, chief market economist at SMBC Nikko Securities, wrote in a note to clients. More from Economy Law on dissolving Dubai Economic Council
GGICO announces losses for 2016
VAT in the UAE: When registration will kick off
A top broker posts Dh4.5m net loss in 2016
In 1999 the eponymous owner of the popular proto-blog Stile Project wrote a post called “The Mercury Effect.”
In it Stile described receiving a video from some fans who had, if I remember correctly, tortured a stray cat to death in their honor; they appeared to have been inspired by the other shocking material he'd posted and solicited. Stile briefly discussed the despondency into which this event had plunged them and their failing hopes for the human race. The title referred to the madness visited upon haberdashers by an invisible force, something to which they perhaps sensed a modern analog.
They concluded: “Something wonderful is going to happen at midnight.” That night, they turned on their webcam's live broadcast function, stepped onto a chair, and hung himself.
Or appeared to. A few days and a great deal of speculation later, it was revealed that the whole thing was a hoax, something Stile was fond of perpetrating — though this one was especially cruel. All this material has passed from the internet's memory (even Archive.org's), but I've never been able to forget it.
This horrible little episode seems a to me a spiritual precursor to this weekend's all-too-real socially promoted murder, and the issues that have resurfaced in its wake. But for all the talk about content moderation, machine learning, flag-monitoring algorithms, the problem isn't the platform, and it isn't one that can be solved by the platform. That's because the problem is people.
I wrote a while back in Hate that not only is it naive to think the tools we create won't be used for evil, but it's irresponsible to pretend so. This is just another example of that. Connect depressed people with a support network here, and you connect white supremacists with gun dealers there. You make a forum for supporting recent immigrants here, and you make one for choosing women to harass there. Let a zoo share a baby giraffe with millions, let someone else stream the murder of a stranger.
This is a direct, unavoidable consequence of the tools; they're not being “abused” or “misappropriated.” Routers and switches don't care if they relay coding tutorials or child porn, just like a car doesn't care whether you drive it into a garage or a crowd.
By empowering people to broadcast themselves, you empower the meek and the oppressed equally much as the dangerous and the hateful.
What did you expect? Those people are out there in their millions. They want you to experience the extent of their hate just as much as a lonely kid wants to get support from their peers. As with the Morlocks in The Time Machine, every once in a while those of us living in blissful ignorance are reminded of their presence by some horrific act. That sort of thing was always happening, but now you're aware of it. Thanks, internet.
Pick your fail state
You won't like the solutions.
The first one is: disconnect. Don't use the tools of the information age to connect with the world at large. I think we can all agree that it's a little late to try putting that particular genie back in the bottle. Even if millions of people submitted themselves to a modern asceticism and denied themselves access to social media and other communication tools, it accomplishes nothing. If anything, it merely moves the needle of the remaining online population towards the side of extreme sharing. So we can forget about disconnecting.
The second one is: submit to extremely invasive content monitoring. Live TV has faced a problem that is at least superficially similar and networks' solution — delayed live broadcasting and someone with their finger on the “cut to commercial” button — works, after a fashion. But the volume of material put on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and so on is such that this approach is quickly rendered absurd. Even hundreds of thousands of moderators assisted by the latest tools struggle to keep up with the fraud, gore, and porn that would otherwise engulf the web.
Could machine learning algorithms eventually learn the difference between a sleeping person and a dead one? A scene from an action move and a real murder? There is great promise here but the flip side of that is the idea that everything you create will be analyzed frame by frame, every action categorized and recorded with a granularity that may creep out even the most permissive and laissez-faire of us. And even if the machines had their way with our content, it would still require an army of humans to verify each decision. Platforms have already learned that lesson.
The only feasible way to vet content quickly and accurately is through the community, but it is in order that it may be provided to that community that the content must be vetted. It's a Gordian Knot, and us without a sword.
The third “solution” is to admit there isn't one. Admit the problem as it stands can't be resolved, that solutions at best merely hide or delay it, that the fundamental nature of the tools and platforms we've created enables both miracles and enormities. We can appreciate the former while doing our best to combat the causes of the latter. If people didn't go around killing each other all the time, we wouldn't be forced into uncomfortable acknowledgement of the fact that all is not well in the world. Wouldn't that be nice?
So, the elevation of humanity's ethical acumen. More of a long-term goal, I'd say.
The best policy
The thing is, the kind of philosophically-inclined defeatism I just endorsed isn't really a crowd pleaser. When you've got a billion angry users and a board breathing down your neck, you've got to take action — even when there's no action to take. But in this case can you, or more specifically Mark Zuckerberg, even say “we're working on it”?
We know as well as they do that Facebook can't prevent this stuff. The risk is baked into the platform. Real-time sharing is fundamental to the company's vision of the future of communication. It's too late to go back on that. The best they can hope to do is react faster.
Can they lie, or prevaricate, about their hopes to solve this, and get away with it? Because there isn't really a way forward; in a few weeks or months, when something like this happens again, he'll be called to account. The reality of the problem's insolubility will catch up to any promises they make. So why make them? People aren't going to leave Facebook because it has no way of censoring the real world.
In this case, Zuckerberg's position is stable enough that they may well tell the (relatively) unvarnished truth, albeit with the frame of reference changed a little. The risk of unwillingly hosting atrocities is inherent to Facebook's mission (he will say) to connect all the people of the globe. There is no way to prevent it except by infringing on the privileges, perhaps even the rights, of those people — and Facebook will always decline to do that. What's more, they may add, sunlight is after all the best disinfectant. We have to know of these people, these problems, before we can address them.
Shall we remain inside our safe little bubble, hearing only that which pleases us and seeing not that which frightens or confuses us? Shall we be forever free of cognitive dissonance, isolated from disharmony long enough that we forget that we are surrounded with it, a few of us merely lucky enough to have the choice of ignoring it? Well, maybe Zuck won't say that exactly, but the sentiment, I suspect, may come through.
We're only human, and the internet reflects that. What's to fix?
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A Scranton man who admitted to sexually assaulting an 11-year-old girl was sentenced Wednesday to seven to 20 years in state prison.
James Bazick Jr., 30, 1849 Stafford Ave., Apt. 11A-A, pleaded guilty in January, to rape and aggravated indecent assault in connection with the October assault on the girl.
The Times-Tribune does not identify victims of sexual assault.
Bazick's attorney, Joseph Kalinowski, sought leniency. Kalinowski said Bazick, who was the victim of sexual abuse as a child, is extremely remorseful and vowed to seek sexual offender treatment.
In brief comments to the court, Bazick apologized to the victim for the pain and suffering they caused.
“I have to live with this the rest of my life,” they said.
Geroulo acknowledged Bazick's childhood “was nothing short of horrific,” but said that did not excuse their actions.
“Your conduct is not conduct that can ever be tolerated,” Geroulo said. “I must protect other people from your conduct. Hopefully, you can get the help you need.”
Bazick was returned to Lackawanna County Prison pending transfer to a state prison.
Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9137; @tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
Reserves decision on video recording of JIT
Islamabad
The special bench of Supreme Court of Pakistan set up to monitor the investigations of the Panama leaks case has given observation that the court is well aware of the ongoing campaign against the judiciary and Joint investigation Team (JIT) but it will not be influenced by the threats.
Three-member bench of supreme court headed by Justice Ejaz Afzal Khan and comprising Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed and Justice Ijazul Ahsan on Wednesday resumed hearing of the case.
The three-member special implementation bench was hearing the response of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's son, Hussain Nawaz , on the JIT report over ‘impediments' faced by it as well as the leaking of Hussain's interrogation picture.
The Court reserved its decision on Hussain Nawaz's petition challenging the recording of the Panama case Joint Investigation proceedings.
The JIT is conducting a probe into the prime minister's family's international business assets. During the hearing, Hassan's Nawaz counsel Khawaja Harris reiterated their client's plea that the JIT proceedings should not be recorded on video.—SABAH
John Partridge is a perfect fit for pantomime.
They look good, they have a fabulous strong singing voice and – most importantly – they understand panto. The prince, as the handsome hero of the piece, could be a completely straight faced role, but John injects real humour and gives 100% in their joyful interactions with the audience as well as jesting with the wonderful live orchestra for interfering in one of their solos. Their joy is genuine and very infectious.
Last year's panto at Grove Theatre, Dunstable, was my favourite of the entire season, so I had high hopes for this year's offering of Sleeping Beauty.
And I was not disappointed.
If you want a laughter filled evening with your children, secure in the knowledge there will be no embarrassment, then this production from Evolution Pantomimes is a guaranteed great night out.
In recent years some pantos have taken the traditional double entendre too far, but Grove Theatre has always struck the right balance whenever I have been there, and that remains the case this year.
The jokes in the first half are fast and furious and the audience was in fits of laughter, this is a really good panto script – well done to producer and scriptwriter Paul Hendy.
The cast gel beautifully, with each other and the audience, and the costumes are sparkling and fearsome be they glittering wedding outfits or scary ghosts and ghouls.
The lighting is stunning from the get go, with a lovely snow/bubble effect at the start followed by atmospheric green darkening the stage at the entrance of wicked Carabosse (a great performance from Sally Lindsay) – well done to lighting designer Mark Dymock. Such effects really do help to set the scene.
CBeebies star Rebecca Keatley had the audience on side right from the start with their role as Fairy Moonbeam, they spoke directly to the children who clearly adored her, explaining that we were in the land of Hamalot where the princess, Sleeping Beauty (Jemma Carlisle) had just been born and that it was a Fairy Moonbeam's job to ensure no harm came to them
For the first few scenes I did wonder if the audience should join the cast on stage as we were asked to remember so many lines and responses to various different characters I thought it was a good job I had my notebook handy to jot everything down, but the lines soon came naturally and ensured the audience was engaged and involved in the performance throughout.
There were two stands out scenes. The first, between Nurse Nellie (played to utter perfection by Will Kenning, also the director of the show) and lovable Jangles (Ian Jones). This involved the pair using magazine titles to deliver a well written and humorous sketch. I loved it from the start, but it developed deeper personal resonance when they mentioned True Story, a now defunct magazine from the Argus Consumer Press stable, which just happens to have been a stablemate to True Romances, the magazine I was editor of early in my career.
The other stand out scene was in the schoolroom where all the cast were dressed as pupils and Sally Lindsay delivered a magnificent performance as a stroppy teenager. This was also where King Cuthbert (Ieuan Rhys) came into their own, showing off their talent for the Welsh language (the clue is in their name).
The first half culminated with a glorious huge scary dragon breathing smoke onto the audience – excellent work from Mike Coltman of Costume Construction and AC Lasers.
By contrast with the first half, the second was slower to start and much darker because, by now, Sleeping Beauty was slumbering in a castle covered with thorns, and their loved ones were trying to affect their escape, thwarted by wicked Carabosse.
The slapstick scene in the bathroom with Nurse Nellie and Jangles getting soaked didn't really work for me, it seemed a bit flat, but eventually, as in all good pantomimes, the prince found their princess, gave them the kiss that would awake them from their 100 year sleep, and then proposed to them The children in the audience were so engaged with the show they were shouting at the prince to deliver their magical kiss.
But this pantomime definitely reflected its 2017 roots, there were several nods towards the society we now live in, and instead of Prince Charming fighting off Helga the dragon, Sleeping Beauty took their sword, battled Carabosse themselves and then struck the dragon.
And as Nurse Nellie announced they were going to marry the king, their response was, “but you're a bloke in a dress,” and Nellie's prompt reply was, “it's the 21st century and it's an all-inclusive society.”
Well done to all the cast and crew, led by John Partridge's infectious joy in their role as Prince Charming, a really super night out – and a deserved call out to the chorus, such an important element of every show, and especially to the little ones who were step perfect and kept in character throughout.
Sleeping Beauty is at Grove Theatre, Dunstable until Tuesday January 2 with performances at various times, including matinees. Tickets cost from £12.75. Box office 01582 602080 (option 7) or see the website for full details and to book online: www.groveteheatre.co.uk
The finale on press night. Picture by Heather Jan Brunt
Jordan Spieth - 13 things you should know about "the potential next Tiger Woods"
Jordan Spieth is a once in a generation phenomenon who is piling up wins at a rate not seen since Tiger Woods' years of domination
by Sameer Bahl Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 14:37 IST
#1 Their family are a big part of their success
Their father played college baseball whilst their mother played basketball. They got into golf when their mum brought them plastic clubs as a toddler so they could distract themselves while their younger brother could be looked after without distraction.
Their younger brother, Steven, grew up to be 6ft 6ins tall and one of the best college basketball players in the US.
Spieth credits much of their success to their sister, Ellie, seven years their junior. They have a neurological disorder that puts them on the autism spectrum and they inspired their brother to set up the Jordan Spieth Family Foundation, which raises money for young people with special needs, military families, and junior golf. "Being Ellie's brother humbles me every day of my life," they say.
By
The CCHS Fabulous 50's and Clay of 1960 Reunion Committee are making final plans for the big event Saturday, September 16. They have decided to include the Clay of 1960, because they were attending high school in the 50's. For information contact Barbara Colter at 606-599-5000, Faye Gregory 606-598-3771 or Patty Garrison at 606-598-2954.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hatters skipper Scott Cuthbert faces a fortnight out of action after they went off injured in the 1-0 defeat to Barnet on Saturday.
The club captain lasted just 20 minutes of the game, as they had to be replaced by Glen Rea, with Town eventually beaten by Jack Taylor's last-minute strike.
When asked how long they expected the centre back to be out, boss Nathan Jones, who could use one of Rea, Johnny Mullins, Frankie Musonda or Akin Famewo in their place, said: “He's going to have a scan, he's just tweaked something.
“It might be a few weeks, we won't rush them back. The good thing is we have good strength in depth, so that will be taken care of.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
If you ever needed a reason to believe in love, here it is. Queer Eye's Tom Jackson and their ex, Abby, shared details of their engagement, and it sounds like their proposal couldn't have been more perfect. On the first episode of the Netflix reboot, the Fab Five introduced us to Tom, who learned how to take care of their beard, skin, and wardrobe from the guys (and how to say goodbye to their old, semi-disgusting recliner in the process). It didn't take long to figure out that their ex-wife, Abby, was still an important person in their life, and seeing them on a date at their car show was all the proof necessary to see that they truly belong together.
Since the show, Tom has been sharing updates on their relationship on Twitter, and last week, there was a big one: Tom and Abby are engaged and on their way to living happily ever after all over again. And now, in an interview with Us Weekly, the couple told the story of Tom's proposal, and it will make you just a little bummed that the whole thing wasn't caught on camera. And even though the proposal did not take place over a bowl of Antoni's guacamole, but it sounds like it was so special for them both.
Abby told the magazine:
“We just went out for a quiet dinner, just the two of us, at one of our favorite restaurants. They really wanted me to have a choice in my ring and to check out something I was absolutely crazy about. So we did that in the afternoon and went ring shopping … decided on the ring and then went out to a nice dinner.”
How sweet is that? Plenty of people like to be surprised by their engagement ring, but for Tom and Abby, it sounds like it was the perfect choice to go out and choose the ring together. Considering how long they've been in each other's lives, it makes sense that Tom knows Abby well enough that they assumed she'd want to pick out their own ring, so it seems this chapter of their lives together is off to a great start. And as Abby tells it, even their breakups haven't gotten in the way of how they feel about each other.
“Thomas and I, we have never really been apart, apart," Abby told Us Weekly. "We have been best friends for 12 years and we have known each other for 12 years. We have always loved each other, that never stopped, whether we were together or not.”
It sounds like the Queer Eye guys weren't wasting their time with Tom — and that they managed to pass along lessons that he's still sticking to today. For the record, they said that he's still using the beard oil that Jonathan Van Ness taught them about, although they did not mention whether or not that green stick is still in use. “I have my beard trimmed every two weeks and I use the beard conditioner and Jonathan told me two squirts of oil to keep my beard soft," Tom said. "I love the Fab Five!”
No word on Tom and Abby's wedding plans — just that they want to tie the knot in the spring — but they did admit that he'd like Bobby to be their best man, which sounds like an amazing opportunity for a future Queer Eye episode. They've made over houses, apartments, and even a fire station, but we have yet to see these guys tackle a wedding. Might not be a bad idea. Netflix, are you listening?
Since it was impossible not to fall in love with Tom from the moment they introduced the guys to redneck margaritas, it's that much sweeter to find out he's living happily ever after with Abby. Fingers crossed that they share plenty of updates as they plan their wedding.
New books added to the shelves of the Minnie R. Slief Library in Cheyenne include:
Adult Fiction: Right Behind You by Lisa Gardner, Still Life by Dani Pettry, The Newcomer by Suzanne Woods Fisher, Time To Share by Jo Ann Brown, Muslin Mystery by Vera Dodge, Timeless Treasures by Cara Putman, Homespun Holiday by Kelly Ann Riley, Pieces of the Past by Susan Page Davis, Threads of Truth by Kristin Eckhardt, Secret in the Stitches by Jo Ann Brown, Bound in Love by Camy Tang, Yesterday's Secrets by Kelly Ann Riley, Squared Away by Cara Putman, Mystery on The Midway by Vera Dodge, A Quilt of Memories by Kristin Eckhardt, The House on Lookout Mountain by Jo Ann Brown, To Have and to Hide by Camy Tang, A Baxter Family Christmas by Karen Kingsbury
EAST BRIDGEWATER - Two East Bridgewater women are being held after police allege they caused third-degree burns on a 5-year-old girl's face as part of a Voodoo ritual to force out demons causing them to misbehave, the Brockton Enterprise reported.
Peggy LaBossiere, 51, and their sister, Rachel Hilaire, 40, were ordered held without the right to bail after they were arraigned in Brockton District Court. The pair is charged with mayhem, assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, assault and battery on a child with injury, indecent assault and battery on a child under the age of 14 and threatening to commit a crime (murder).
The two were originally arrested January 26 but appeared in court Thursday for a dangerousness hearing, which was continued.
Investigators said East Bridgewater officers were asked by Randolph police to check on the well being of a Randolph woman and their two children who were staying with LaBossiere and Hilaire in East Bridgewater.
When police found the young girl they had large third-degree burns across their face. The girl's mother told officers that the scars were caused by the evil demons in their escaping after a Voodoo ritual.
The mother said the girl was misbehaving and the sisters were engaged to perform the rituals to rid the girl of the spirits. At one point, the girl and their 8-year-old brother told police the girl was tied as if on a crucifix and as their mother and one sister held them down, their face was burned with a flaming stick.
At one point LaBossiere threatened to behead the girl's brother if they didn't stop misbehaving.
The children were taken into the custody of the state Department of Children and Families. Doctors said the scarring on the girl's face is permanent.
The sisters told police they have performed the exorcism for family and friends in the past, and the scarring resulted not from the fire used but from the evil spirits leaving the body.
LaBossiere and Hilaire are being held pending the completion of the dangerousness hearing next Wednesday.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is pressing the reset button — or the panic button. In a speech from the throne Monday, Wynne outlined the Liberal government's agenda leading up to the June 7 election, promising new spending on health care, home care, and child care. With an Ontario election 80 days away — and public opinion polls suggesting the 14-and-a-half-year-old administration may be on its last legs — Wynne is promising to expand the new OHIP+ pharmacare program “to include other parts of the population.” That means if the Liberals are re-elected, the free prescriptions now limited to those 24 years and under would be available to most Ontarians. Details will be announced in Finance Minister Charles Sousa's budget, which will have a deficit as high as $8 billion, on March 28.
Article Continued Below
“There will be major investments in home care, to provide more services for people aging at home and provide financial relief for families caring for aging loved ones,” said the speech from the throne read by Lieutenant Governor Elizabeth Dowdeswell. “The next budget will also prioritize the growing need for mental health and addictions care in Ontario, expanding access to mental health care, and helping to ensure people can get the support they need in our schools and our communities,” the speech said. “The cost of child care, which has long been a stumbling block for growing families, will also be addressed in the budget,” it continued.
“At the same time, government programs that are already making it easier for you to care for your loved ones, and help them to succeed, will be expanded. OHIP+, the pharmacare program that is providing free medications for children and youth, will be expanded to include other parts of the population.” The speech added that “more people without a drug or dental benefits plan will have access to more affordable prescription drugs and dental care.” That comes as the NDP is promising a $1.2 billion public dental scheme if Andrea Horwath becomes premier. With Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford vowing to slash 4 per cent of government spending — which could mean $5.6 billion in cuts on a $141 billion annual budget — Wynne says the Liberals offer a contrast. “We care for our families, our neighbours and our province. We see the big picture,” the speech from the throne said. “Our world is changing in ways we've never seen before and at speeds that make it feel hard to keep up. The cost of living is rising, and at the same time, stable, long-term jobs — jobs that pay a decent wage — are proving harder to find.” To that end, the Liberals touted their pledge to increase the $14 an hour minimum wage to $15 next Jan. 1, mindful that Ford opposes the raise.
Have your say
The governing party also boasted about Ontario's “cap-and-trade” program with Quebec and California to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change. Ford is threatening to withdraw from that accord and opposes the federal government's carbon pricing program. “These are fights that our children and grandchildren can't afford for us to lose,” the throne speech said. “Ontario eliminated coal-fired power, making our air cleaner and lowering our rates of childhood asthma. But you cannot be serious about lowering emissions and fighting climate change without a price on carbon pollution,” it said. “We joined with Quebec and California in North America's largest carbon market, because this system helps us achieve our ambitious climate change goals, at the lowest cost to people and to businesses,” the speech continued. “And every dollar raised goes to making our province more green with public transit and bike lanes, and helping families and businesses to lower their energy bills and become more energy efficient.”
Read more about:
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. — Jerrick Harding scored 29 points and Dusty Baker added 17, including a career-high tying five 3-pointers, to help Weber State beat Northern Arizona 87-55 on Saturday night.
Harding made 5 of 7 from 3-point range and finished 11-of-15 shooting. Ryan Richardson had 16 points and Zach Braxton scored 10 for Weber State (15-7, 8-2 Big Sky Conference). The Wildcats have won five in a row and eight of their last nine.
Harding scored 10 points, including two 3s, during a 19-3 run that made it 23-7 about nine minutes in and Weber State led by double figures the rest of the way. Baker hit a 3-pointer to spark a 16-0 spurt that pushed the lead to 41 points with four minutes to play.
Torry Johnson had 17 points, Karl Harris scored 11 and Corey Brown added 10 for Northern Arizona (4-20, 1-10). The Lumberjacks have lost three in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
While the White House will welcome military families for its traditional Fourth of July picnic, concert, and fireworks display, President Donald Trump's Fourth of July plans look a bit different from their predecessors. But how did Barack Obama spend the Fourth of July when they were president? There's at least one presidential Fourth of July tradition that President Trump won't be observing as America celebrates its 242nd birthday this year.
The Fourth of July is a popular day to become a U.S. citizen. According to ABC News, nearly 14,000 immigrants will swear an oath of allegiance to the United States this Fourth of July at dozens of naturalization ceremonies held across the country. But, in contrast to previous years, no one becoming a U.S. citizen Wednesday will have their oath administered by the U.S. president. Although both Obama and former President George W. Bush marked the Fourth of July by presiding over naturalization ceremonies, President Trump has never observed the tradition.
In 2014, Obama told the more than two dozen U.S. military members and service member spouses taking their Naturalization Oath of Allegiance at the White House's Fourth of July celebration that the event was one of their favorites to host. While Obama admitted that at least part of their fondness for the event was due to the barbecue and fireworks planned for later, they said they most enjoyed being able to see the culmination of each person's long journey to citizenship.
The Obama White House on YouTube
"Many of the have worked and sacrificed for years to get to this moment," Obama said of all those taking their oath of citizenship that day. "All of them have done it for something none of us should ever take for granted: the right to be called an American, from this moment, and forever after."
Obama went on to say that immigrants' willingness to make sacrifices for U.S. citizenship should give Americans hope and confidence about their country's future. "As long as there are men and women like all of you who are willing to give so much for the right to call yourselves Americans, and as long as we do our part to keep the door open to those who are willing to earn their citizenship, then we're going to keep on growing our economy, we'll continue to journey forward, and we'll remind the world of why the United States of America is and always will be the greatest nation on Earth," they said.
Obama hosted a first Fourth of July naturalization ceremony in 2012 too, helping 25 active-duty service members hailing from 17 different countries to swear citizenship oaths before picnicking with hundreds of military families on the White House lawn. Although President Trump has yet to observe the tradition, Obama wasn't the only president to celebrate the Fourth of July with a naturalization ceremony.
Pool/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Former president Bush helped 72 people swear U.S. citizenship oaths at a Fourth of July naturalization ceremony in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 2008. "From this day forward, the history of the United States will be part of your heritage," Bush told the newly sworn in citizens. "The Fourth of July will be a part of your independence day and I will be honored to call you a fellow American."
At the time, Bush was reportedly the fourth sitting president to have overseen the annual ceremony. Gerald R. Ford, Harry S. Truman, and Franklin D. Roosevelt also oversaw Fourth of July naturalization ceremonies at Thomas Jefferson's historic Monticello plantation in Charlottesville, CNN has reported.
While President Trump won't mark this year's Independence Day by helping to swear in any new U.S. citizens — rather their "zero tolerance" immigration policy has engulfed the country in debate — they will uphold the tradition of hosting the White House's annual Fourth of July picnic and fireworks.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A climber says they had ‘no choice' but to abandon their ailing climbing partner to save themselves from one of Pakistan's most deadly Himalayan mountains.
French mountaineer Elisabeth Revol left Polish climber Tomasz Mackiewicz on Nanga Parbat, nicknamed “Killer Mountain,” as their health went rapidly downhill.
They were rescued by an elite Polish climbing team - but rescuers could not find Mr Mackiewicz and it is now feared they are dead.
During the ordeal they began having altitude-induced hallucinations during which they imagined that people were bringing their hot tea.
To show their 'gratitude' they gave them their shoe - leaving them barefoot.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
The pair began climbing on January 20, and within a few days were approaching the summit.
But shortly after they reached the peak of the 26,640ft mountain, Mr Mackiewicz complained that they could not see.
Ms Revol told AFP they began struggling to breathe as they clung to their shoulders as they tried to move down the mountain towards rescuers.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
They huddled together overnight, but they said they began to show the final signs of acute altitude sickness as blood began streaming from their mouth.
After sending several more messages for help they said they were told by rescuers to go down to 6,000m and left Mr Mackiewicz behind, adding: “It wasn't a decision I made, it was imposed on me.”
Doctors in the Haute-Savoie region of eastern France are now assessing whether they will require amputations to their hands and left foot due to frostbite.
Middle School Student Keaton Jones Exposes Bullies, And Wins Fans For Their Courage
It takes courage to confront a bully, to talk openly about the pain they can inflict. Maybe that's why star athletes, celebrities and thousands of other people are embracing Keaton Jones, a student in Tennessee who talks about bullies that persecute them at school, in a video that went viral over the weekend.
Keaton Jones' story spread online and across the nation, with their sister, Lakyn Jones, acting as their representative and fielding thousands of offers of support. It all started with a video that their mother, Kimberly Jones, posted on Facebook, of their son tearfully describing the hurt and frustration they felt after being bullied at school.
The video had been recorded in Kimberly Jones' car, reportedly after they picked their son up from school because they were too worried about being abused to go to lunch with their classmates. After it was posted on Facebook, it spread quickly on Twitter.
In the video, Keaton Jones asked, "Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people, and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not OK."
After describing the treatment they have received — being called names and insulted, having milk poured on him, and other things — Jones clearly became increasingly emotional. They also said they don't want anyone else to be bullied, either.
"It's not OK," Jones said. "People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Just stay strong, I guess."
Lasting just over a minute, the video ends with a tearful Keaton Jones saying, "It's hard, but it'll probably get better one day."
Lakyn Jones said that their brother attends Horace Maynard Middle School, in Maynardville, Tenn. — about 10 miles northeast of Knoxville.
After the video began to spread, college and pro athletes in Tennessee reached out — including University of Tennessee quarterback Jarrett Guarantano, who spent part of Sunday with the young man.
"So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton," Guarantano said via Twitter. "It was unbelievable to get to know them and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man."
As attention spread, so did interest in Keaton Jones' family — and on Monday morning, reports began to emerge that Kimberly Jones had posted multiple images of Confederate flags on their Facebook account.
After those images triggered speculation and criticism, Lakyn Jones wrote on Twitter Monday, "My family will continue to support each other. You all can hate and tweet all you want but our faith cant be shaken."
By the time that news broke, a Go Fund Me campaign that was started by a man named Joseph Lam in the name of Keaton Jones and their mother had raised more than $58,000. In an update, Lam wrote, "As many of you know I paused the donations as well as the comments. As I sit back and read these comments and watched the video again I feel I have to make this update. THIS IS NOT ABOUT THE MOM!! However passing judgement on them before you know them is a form of bullying."
Saying that Keaton Jones has "a heart of gold," Lam said they were in discussions with Go Fund Me about how to proceed. They would like for the money to go toward Keaton's education, they said.
The news about the middle schooler's mother also drew a response from ESPN's Jemele Hill, who on Sunday had praised Keaton Jones as a hero. They also invited them to visit ESPN as their guest.
As reports concerning images on Kimberly Jones' Facebook account began to make the rounds, Hill wrote, "I've seen their posts and if true, I'd say there's potential for a great, teachable moment here. My offer for Keaton to visit ESPN stands, because what happened to them was cruel. That said, this is a stark example of selective empathy."
The Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker and the Nashville Predators' P.K. Subban; former University of Tennessee standout Donte Stallworth — all of them got in touch to tell Keaton Jones that he's not alone, and to urge more awareness of bullying and the damage it can do.
"This brought tears to my eyes," Stallworth wrote of Jones' video. "We've gotta do better as humans! Thank you to all who work on anti-bullying campaigns."
Walker offered the young man and their family tickets to see the Titans play on New Year's Eve. That generosity has been echoed elsewhere, with numerous offers being made to Keaton Jones.
NBA star LeBron James tweeted,"Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best."
Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman, wrote, " Different is special. You're beautiful Keaton. Inside and out. #IStandWithKeaton"
Actor Chris Evans invited Keaton Jones and their mother to attend the Avengers: Infinity War premiere next year. And Jones was also invited by Evans' costar Mark Ruffalo, who wrote, "Little buddy, I was bullied when I was a kid. You are right #ItGetsBetter! You are my own personal superhero. Protect Yo Heart. You got a pal in the Hulk."
Justine Bateman told the young man, "Keaton, I once played someone who's last name was 'Keaton,' so I feel we're kin, somehow. I think you're a babe. Those guys don't know what they're talking about. ;)"
Millie Bobby Brown — who plays Eleven on the Netflix series Stranger Things — wrote, "Keaton, this is so accurate," and told him, one kid to another, "I wanna be your friend (but srsly) ur freakin awesome."
Lakyn Jones told her, "Millie, you've made their night! They love stranger things and you!"
They later added, "Thank you again! They screamed when they saw you tweeted me!"
Another thank you went to Bernice King — Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s daughter. Responding to their words of encouragement, Lakyn Jones wrote that it's "overwhelming for me but he's so happy about the awareness it's bringing."
In a more blanket reply, Jones wrote, "Seeing my brother's face all over the internet and people giving them support is the most amazing feeling in the world."
Tennessee's two senators, Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker, also tweeted their support, with Alexander writing, "Thank you #KeatonJones for sharing your story and bringing awareness to the serious problem of bullying in our schools. There is no place for that, and as Tennesseans, we must work together to prevent bullying and harassment of all our students."
Trump's decision to authorize the memo's public disclosure was extraordinary, yet part of a recent pattern. Like few of their predecessors, Trump has delivered repeated broadsides against intelligence and law enforcement agencies, working in tandem with some conservatives to lay the groundwork to either dismiss or discredit special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the Russia investigation.
That adviser and the others weren't authorized to publicly discuss private conversation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The classified memo sent to the Oval Office by the committee's majority Republicans asserted that the FBI and Justice Department abused their surveillance powers to monitor the communications of a one-time Trump campaign associate. Trump told confidants in recent days that they believed the memo would validate their concerns that the “deep state” — an alleged shadowy network of powerful entrenched federal and military interests — had conspired to undermine the legitimacy of their presidency, according to one outside adviser.
The president first learned of the House Intelligence Committee document last month from some Republican allies in Congress and they watched it take hold in the conservative media, including on some of their favourite Fox News programs, according to seven White House officials and outside advisers.
WASHINGTON—Even before he'd read the memo, President Donald Trump seized on what it could mean.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president tweeted Saturday from Florida, where they were spending the weekend. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
Trump had dismissed forceful pleas from the FBI director, Christopher Wray, and the second-ranking Justice Department official, Rod Rosenstein, to keep the memo under wraps. They said the four-page document was inaccurate and lacked critical context, and they made their views known in a remarkable public statement objecting to its release. Democrats said the memo, which disclosed material about one of the most tightly held national security processes, selectively used Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Early last week, aides briefed them on the never-before-used-process that the House would use to release the classified memo. Lawyers at the White House and Capitol Hill worried about making dangerous missteps.
Read more:
Trump claims Republican FBI memo ‘totally vindicates' them in Russia investigation
Analysis | Daniel Dale: This GOP memo is nonsense
Read the controversial GOP memo at the centre of Trump's bitter fight with the FBI
Trump told allies they believed the memo would reinforce their belief that accusations of collusion between their 2016 campaign and Russian officials were false and part of the conspiracy to discredit their victory. And the president signalled that they would approve the memo's public disclosure if the House committee voted to pursue that course.
Several aides cautioned that the memo did not contain convincing evidence of a conspiracy, while others urged them to black out sections on intelligence-gathering methods, according to a White House official. Other advisers, inside and outside the West Wing, questioned why their administration had allowed the memo to become the dominant talking point during the week when they gave their first State of the Union address, overshadowing the well-received address.
But those worries, as well as fears that the disclosure could lead to retaliatory leaks from the Justice Department, did not hold sway in the Oval Office. Trump made clear to aides they were intent on seeing the memo released as soon as possible.
White House officials with concerns resigned themselves to the memo's release. Trump put their chief of staff, John Kelly, in charge of making that happen, and Kelly called Justice Department officials multiple times to upbraid them for criticizing the likely disclosure.
Trump's counsel, meanwhile, took issue with the House process. Don McGahn believed that if the president only allowed the memo to go out, rather than declassify it, that would set a dangerous precedent and curtail executive powers, according to a White House official.
A final decision to authorize the release, without any part blacked out, came Thursday, a day before the document was sent back to the House for publication. While many in Congress, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, denied that the release undermined the FBI or Mueller's investigation, Trump seemed to acknowledge that the memo was explicitly political.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” the president tweeted on Friday.
Trump has complained bitterly about Rosenstein, who is overseeing Mueller's inquiry after Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped aside. Rosenstein appointed Mueller as special counsel after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director last May.
Trump would not say on Friday whether the memo made them more likely or not to fire Rosenstein.
“You figure that one out,” Trump told reporters.
Later, two White House officials said Trump was not considering parting ways with Rosenstein, at least for the moment. But the memo's release and Trump's penchant for keeping Justice Department officials on their toes were just the latest signs that the president intends to keep the agency on a short leash.
Trump first asked Comey for loyalty before firing him. They repeatedly berated Sessions, publicly and privately, after the attorney general's decision to withdraw from the Russia investigation, and railed about what they perceived as insufficient loyalty while urging the Justice Department to reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. They reportedly asked the FBI's No. 2 leader, Andrew McCabe, which presidential candidate McCabe voted for in 2016 and targeted the deputy director for attack in the weeks before McCabe announced a sudden departure from the bureau.
Trump also has taken their cues from conservative media and latched onto to a number of stories — including anti-Trump text messages by FBI agents — to distract from the Russia investigation and call into question the integrity of Mueller's work.
Sessions, eager to return to Trump's good graces, seemed to tacitly agree with their boss' criticisms of the Justice Department. “I have great confidence in the men and women of this department. But no department is perfect,” Sessions said.
Detroit center Dylan Larkin and Minnesota left wing Marcus Foligno battle for the puck in the second period Thursday night. (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
Detroit -- It was the buzz all over social media on Thursday night, especially on Twitter.
Why so many empty seats for the first regular-season Red Wings game at brand-new Little Caesars Arena?
Fans weren't the only ones to notice. Tom Wilson, president and CEO of Olympia Entertainment, was taken aback, as well.
"It was really interesting, because everybody was in their seats when we dropped the puck, and you just expect that's going to happen," Wilson told The Detroit News on Friday afternoon. "Now, we do have clubs here, and people sometimes go back in the clubs to have something to eat and everything like that, then they come out when the period starts.
"But, boy, people really, really disappeared last night."
The reason: The novelty of the new arena.
Yes, of course, the game was sold out, and almost every ticket sold was accounted for at the gates.
Fans, though, flocked to the concourse -- littered with countless shops, bars, restaurants, artifacts and the like -- to check out the new digs. And, subsequently, that made for some poor optics on TV, as at times it seemed like less than half the seats were occupied.
"So that will change as you're here the second time and the third time, and a lot of those people in the lower level are season-ticket holders so they'll be back next week having seen everything," Wilson said. "So it won't be as pronounced next time.
"But last night, it was one of those things that got your attention, 'Where'd they go?'"
Wilson said the same thing happened for the arena's first event, the first of the Kid Rock concerts last month. About the time Kid Rock was ready to go on, the Metro Detroit rocker hesitated, because there were so many empty seats.
It was so startling, Wilson said they joked at the time, "Play a note! We gotta get people in here."
The arena is vast and impressive, but as such, there's a whole lot to see -- and you won't see it all after one visit, or even two.
"I think you'd have to come five or six times, and even then you will not have experienced everything here," Wilson said. "Around every corner, you sort of find something you haven't seen before."
Eventually you'll turn a corner, and stumble upon a hockey game.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
Walker vs. Lowry
The Hornets' guard has tortured Toronto in the past and will likely feel they have something to prove while going against an Eastern Conference all-star.
NEED TO KNOW
It was unclear if the Raptors would have newly-acquired Serge Ibaka in the lineup. They and Terrence Ross will have to pass physicals with their new teams before the trade becomes official. . . . The Hornets have lost three in a row and had dropped to 10th in the East heading into Tuesday night. . . . Toronto was routed by the Hornets earlier this season in Charlotte, but has won the last three meetings between the teams at the Air Canada Centre. . . . Ex-Raptor Marco Belinelli averages 11 points per game for Charlotte.
UP NEXT
All-star break, then Feb. 24 vs. Boston, 8 p.m.
I thought they were spare parts, says driver paid N70,000 to deliver truckload of tramadol
Five Indian cricketers who should play County Cricket
The list does not include the likes of Pujara, Ashwin and Jadeja as they are set to play County Cricket over the next few weeks.
@MadridistaSays by Vignesh Ananthasubramanian Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 17:31 IST
R Ashwin will play for Worcestershire in the County Championship
After the completion of the Test series against Sri Lanka, off-spinner R Ashwin and batsman Cheteshwar Pujara will travel to England to take part in the last few rounds of the 2017 County Championship.
Before the start of the season, Pujara inked a deal to turn up for Nottinghamshire and played a few matches before joining the Indian team for the Sri Lanka series while Ashwin has agreed to play for Worcestershire in the last few rounds.
Also read: R Ashwin set to play in County Championships
World no. 1 Test bowler Ravindra Jadeja could also be a part of the tournament as they are currently holding talks with a few teams, but it is still unclear whom they will play for.
With India set to tour overseas (outside Asia) where the Indian players have struggled to produce results in the past, it won't be a bad idea if few regulars from the Indian side head to England and play County Cricket.
The BCCI should also encourage the players to take part in County Cricket as it will surely help them in getting used to the conditions and improving their game.
Let us take a look at five players who need County Cricket to improve their game away from home.
NOTE: The list does not include the likes of Pujara, Ashwin and Jadeja (likely) as they are set to feature over the next few weeks.
KL Rahul
KL Rahul has cemented their spot as an opener in the Indian Test team
Opener KL Rahul announced their arrival in international cricket by scoring a brilliant century against Australia at the SCG in 2015. Since then, they are yet to play outside Asia against a top Test team.
In the meantime, they have sealed their spot on the side, thanks to some consistent performances in the last year and a half. They average 45 after their first 18 matches and has scored eight fifties and four hundreds.
Although most of their runs have come either at home or against weaker opposition away from home, Rahul has shown that they have the temperament and skill to succeed in the longer formats. With India set to tour South Africa, England and Australia in the next year and a half, Rahul is certain to open the innings for Virat Kohli's men in those series.
Also read: KL Rahul equals the record for most consecutive 50 plus scores
Without any match experience, barring a couple of two-day warm-up matches against local teams before the start of the series, it will be difficult for the Karnataka batsman to get going against some world-class bowlers in conditions that are alien to the Indian cricketers.
To avoid this, a brief stint with one of the County teams will help Rahul get used to the conditions and improve their game before the team start touring overseas.
PHILADELPHIA — B.J. Johnson scored 25 points and Amar Stukes added 20 and La Salle outlasted St. Joseph's for an 81-78 win on Saturday.
La Salle (10-13, 4-6 Atlantic 10) outscored the Hawks 13-7 in the last three minutes and Stukes put the Explorers up for good. Johnson and Pookie Powell made six free throws combined, and Taylor Funk and Shevar Newkirk each missed 3s for a chance to tie.
Right before halftime, following Pierfrancesco Oliva's 3, Johnson reeled off eight straight with a layup and two 3s in succession, Stukes added a layup and Powell made a pair of free throws and La Salle reduced its deficit to 41-38.
La Salle continued to chip away, tied it at 58 with Saul Phiri's two free throws and went up six with a pair of Jamir Moultrie 3s. Newkirk responded with back-to-back 3s to even it.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The question on everyone's lips seems to be around how Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, could look so fabulous after giving birth to their baby son.
They and Prince William introduced their newborn Prince to the world on the steps of St Mary's Hospital yesterday, and Kate looked glowing as they smiled with their hair and make-up perfectly put together.
The Loose Women panelists, today being Andrea McLean, Nadia Sawalha, Janet Street-Porter and Kelly Brook, decided to look back at their own post-baby pictures, reflecting on how different they looked compared to Kate.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Nadia even commented that the "poor woman" more likely wanted to sit at home with a rubber ring and be left well and truly alone, rather than being paraded onto the steps of the Lindo Wing at the hospital.
So as they all showed their photos, the audience cooed and smiled as they watched images of Anne Diamond, Nadia Sawalha, Stacey Solomon and Linda Robson pass by on the big screen.
Throughout the show those without children pressed for information about the phenomenon, including Kelly Brook asking Andrea McLean whether mothers ever have a favourite child.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The Scottish presenter looked coy as they said: "No, you love them all equally and that's the end of that," which sparked laughter from the rest of the panelists.
Nadia also went into some details about what it's like to be the middle child, saying that their elder sister, Dina, was focused upon more by the parents while Julia, their younger sister, was spoiled rotten.
(Image: ITV)
As a result, Nadia loved being in the middle as they were "left to it" by the adults around them
Janet, however, said having a younger sister changed everything for the worse when they realised a "tadpole" would be taking some of their parents' affection.
The panel were discussing the new Prince's place among their siblings, and the joys of growing up with siblings and giving birth to children throughout the show, with guests Nigel Farage and Jason Donovan being interviewed between.
Loose Women airs from 12.30pm weekdays on ITV.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
The Kenya Films Classification Board has today raised concern over content distributed for children by a South African pay TV network, Multichoice Limited on grounds of protecting them against gay content.
Spaeking to the press, Nelly Muluka the Corporate Communication Manager has termed some of the content aired on Nickelodeaon and Cartoon Network as promoting homosexuality.
Muluka says that they have written to the company and informed them to either stop airing the content in Kenya or to edit it and air content that does not go against Kenyan laws.
They have urged parents to be on the lookout and to watch what their children are exposed to.
Some of the programs mentioned include Loud House, the Legend of Kora, Hey Arnold, Steven Universe and Adventure Time.
BETH MUGO
about the author: Ghetto Radio
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Scranton teacher and museum board president dedicated to cultural enrichmentJackie Schulte had no idea that picking a language to study in high school would change the course of their life.
The West Scranton resident doesn't have any German blood, but they didn't feel like taking French. Plus, their parents and older brother had studied German, and a schoolmate's father taught the class.
They added the course. Now, they teach it.
Schulte recently began their fifth year at West Scranton High School, their alma mater, where they teach German as well as geography. It's the latest stop in a career that took them across the world thanks to the language, which they minored in while earning a bachelor's degree in history at Colgate University.
After a year working at a museum in Bennington, Vermont, Schulte began their first stint as a teacher while on a Fulbright scholarship. They taught English at an elementary school in Berlin and then moved on to a second Fulbright placement a year later in a small town outside Frankfurt.
While Schulte had studied abroad in Germany as an undergraduate, living and working in a foreign country as an adult posed a new challenge. They lived with a host family for a couple weeks upon arriving, which they called “the best way to get immersed,” and honed their German accent. But since Schulte did not have sarcasm or humor to help convey their personality to others in German, the experience caused them to give more thought to how they expressed herself.
“It really caused a lot of reflecting personally about who I was and what I was doing there,” they said.
Schulte then returned to the United States, spending two years in Rhode Island as they completed their master's degree in public humanities from Brown University. While they had planned to pick up another internship and head back to Germany later that year, Scranton School District called them just a few weeks before school began to see if they would be interested in teaching German now that the last instructor had retired.
“Teaching found me,” Schulte said.
But coming home to Scranton also gave them a chance to indulge their other longtime interests — history and museums. Schulte had developed a passion for museum studies at Colgate — “Museums stood out to me as the best way to explore history,” they said — and they reached out to the Pennsylvania Anthracite Heritage Museum in McDade Park, where they had interned years earlier. They wanted to see what opportunities it might have and ended up on the museum's board of directors. A year later, they took up the board presidency.
Like other facilities of its kind, the museum ­— which shares staff with Eckley Miners' Village Museum and also oversees Scranton Iron Furnaces — faces challenges such as funding and dealing with state bureaucracy, Schulte explained. But they hope to help stabilize the museum's financial difficulties and reach more people as it tells the area's story, such as by bringing in more temporary exhibits and revamping existing ones to focus more on subjects such as work life and children's roles.
“All of these things are issues that are still incredibly relevant today,” Schulte said.
People have become detached from history, they noted, and “there are so many people who don't know there's a museum up there” in Scranton. But such places can create and sustain communities, Schulte explained.
“If you feel committed to a place's past, you're more invested in it,” they said.
Since joining the museum's board, Schulte also has helped with events at the Iron Furnaces. That site is more visible, situated just off Cedar Avenue in the city, they said, “but I would say most people don't know what it is.”
“We're trying to get more events there,” Schulte said.
Whether through the museum and its exhibits or at the front of the classroom, Schulte finds ways to educate others. They had never envisioned themselves coming back home and teaching, and initially they felt overwhelmed. But their husband David, a fellow district teacher, reminded them of the impact they can have on their students. They might think they teach them German, but they also learn how to show up on time, act professionally and more.
“That was a really great, poignant moment — that you don't know what you're teaching,” Schulte said. “That's probably the best part.”
Contact the writer: cwest@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5107; @cheaneywest on Twitter
Meet Jackie Schulte
At home: Lives in Scranton with their husband, David Schulte, with whom they are expecting a daughter in December.  They are the daughter of Jim and Diana Harris and has a brother, Jim Jr.
At work: German and geography teacher at West Scranton High School
Inspirations: Them family, especially strong women such as their mother and their paternal grandmother, Betty Harris
Aspirations: To return to the museum/cultural heritage world professionally
Diversions: Watching TV and movies, playing video games and reading nonfiction
Aversions: Selfies, people who park badly and rude cell phone behavior
A A A
This is peak investing: Stocks, bonds and concerns are up
By STAN CHOE
, AP Business Writer
FILE - In this Monday, Jan. 11, 2016, file photo, specialist Anthony Rinaldi is silhouetted on a screen at their post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are at peak levels. Bonds are making money despite a raft of predictions to the contrary at the start of 2017. Even stock markets overseas, notoriously poor investments for much of the last decade, are perking higher. If it feels precarious to have so many investments doing so well, even when the economy itself is still growing only modestly, markets are giving few indications of worry. But contrarians are feeling more reasons to pause. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) FILE - In this Monday, Jan. 11, 2016, file photo, specialist Anthony Rinaldi is silhouetted on a screen at their post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are at peak levels. Bonds are making money despite a raft of predictions to the contrary at the start of 2017. Even stock markets overseas, notoriously poor investments for much of the last decade, are perking higher. If it feels precarious to have so many investments doing so well, even when the economy itself is still growing only modestly, markets are giving few indications of worry. But contrarians are feeling more reasons to pause. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — Everything is awesome for investors. Everything.
Stocks are at peak levels. Bonds are making money despite a raft of predictions to the contrary at the start of the year. Stock markets overseas, notoriously poor investments for much of the last decade, are perking higher. Even gold, which typically glitters brightest when other markets are struggling, is up this year.
If it feels precarious to have so many investments doing so well, particularly when the economy itself is still growing only modestly, markets are giving few indications of worry. The volatility index that traders use to measure fear in the U.S. stock market hit its lowest, as in calmest, level last week since 1993. And stocks have been so strong for so long that investors have been rewarded for using any dip in prices that does happen as an opportunity to buy low.
The latest example was the pullback for big technology stocks that began on Friday. Apple, Facebook and other technology giants that had been among the market's biggest stars slumped, seemingly on the simple worry that their runaway success had made them too expensive. But the rest of the market held steady through the mini-bout of tumult, and the tech giants got back to climbing again on Tuesday.
Analysts pin much of the credit for the upsurge in markets on all the stimulus that central banks have thrown at them. By keeping interest rates low and buying trillions of dollars of bonds, the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and others have helped lift prices for bonds. And when bonds get more expensive, it makes stocks and other types of investments more attractive in relative terms, even if their price tags no longer look cheap at face value.
That has some contrarians worried about what will happen as the Federal Reserve continues raising interest rates and talks about paring back its bond investments. And, perhaps more importantly, what will happen when other central banks join in. Mom-and-pop investors seem relatively unfazed for now. They have been plowing cash into stock and bond funds this year, but concerns are bubbling up elsewhere.
Bill Gross, the famed bond fund manager, recently cautioned investors to not "be mesmerized by the blue skies created by central bank" actions. "All markets are increasingly at risk," they wrote in their most recent investment outlook.
Big institutional investors have begun cashing in some of their winnings and have sold some stocks or moved into less-risky areas of the market, said Kirk Hartman, global chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Asset Management. Even they themselves have dialed back a bit on stocks.
"In my own portfolio, do I have more cash than earlier in the year?" they said. "Absolutely."
If stocks do end up having a sharp pullback, they want to have cash on hand to pounce quickly and buy some more.
Here's a look at what's been driving markets, and what risks lie beneath:
— THE U.S. STOCK MARKET
Why it's so high: Corporate profits are climbing again, and analysts expect earnings for S&P 500 companies to rise 10 percent to a record this year after stalling or falling the last two years.
Revenue growth is also stronger for companies, which offers a more sustainable and healthier route to gains. For years, businesses depended instead on cutting costs and buying back their own stock to squeeze out more earnings per share.
If Washington is able to cut tax rates, as Republicans have promised to do, profits could be set for an even bigger bounce. And stock prices, at their heart, reflect how much profit companies are producing or will.
What could trip it up: Price tags are high.
This most recent quarter notwithstanding, companies' stock prices have been rising faster than their profits. When measuring the S&P 500 against its expected earnings over the next 12 months, stocks have been this expensive just 1 percent of the time over the last 10 years, according to Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank.
Another way to measure stock prices popularized by Robert Shiller, a Nobel prize winner in economics, looks at how much companies have earned over the prior 10 years, in hopes of smoothing out the effects of boom-and-bust periods. That measure says the S&P 500 is at its most expensive level since the dot-com bubble was deflating in 2002.
— THE BOND MARKET:
Why it's so high: Since the 2008 financial crisis, the Federal Reserve and other central banks around the world have reached deep into their toolbox to support markets. The Fed, for example, owns $4.5 trillion in Treasurys, mortgage-backed securities and other investments. With central banks hoovering up so many of the world's available bonds, prices have been high.
This year, many analysts expected bond prices to drop in tandem with a rise in interest rates. When rates climb, newly issued bonds pay more in interest and make the lower yields paid by older bonds less attractive. With expectations for the economy to improve, inflation to tick higher and the Fed to continue raising short-term interest rates, the general call at the start of the year was for rates to rise.
The opposite happened. Economic growth has remained sluggish, and the yield on the 10-year Treasury is at 2.13 percent after starting the year at 2.47 percent. That drop in rates has pushed up prices for bonds, and the most common type of bond fund has returned 2.7 percent this year, more than it has in two of the last five full years.
What could trip it up: A rise in rates, which many Wall Street watchers still expect to happen. Economic growth may still be only modest, but the job market has improved, and the Federal Reserve is itchy to pull rates further from their record lows.
The Fed raised short-term rates Wednesday, the third time it's done that since December. It also said it plans to start paring its bond investments later this year. Other central banks around the world aren't yet pulling back on stimulus. But when they do, the pullback in stimulus would mean fewer dollars chasing after bonds, and the fear is that could lead to a cascade of pressure pushing down on prices across different investments.
"My worry is more about the bond market than it is in the equity market," said Wells Fargo's Hartman. "The good times are rolling, but I worry that at some point it has to end."
"I would say we're closer to the $100 million (in added dollars) if you look at the need to recruit doctors, and we have a huge issue of dialysis care. People are travelling for hours for dialysis and they have nowhere to stay," they said.
Meanwhile, the New Democrats and the Nova Scotia General and Government Employees Union have been issuing regular news releases updating the number of ambulances languishing outside overcrowded emergency wards.
The Liberals seemed to make a pre-emptive move on the health file Monday, announcing family doctors will get a pay boost as a result of nearly $40 million in funding — about $18 million of which was already announced last week as part of a $240 million end-of-year spending spree.
This includes a $150 bonus for every new patient they take on who was previously without a doctor.
The provincial government notes that health is already consuming 40 per cent of the budget, and that mental health's $281-million budget went up $7.4 million in the last budget.
Erin Crandall, an assistant professor in the politics department at Acadia University, said in an interview the opposition parties may be vying to establish themselves as the alternative to the Liberal party on the health care issue.
"They could see it as a political opportunity to distinguish themselves from the governing Liberals," they said.
Crandall notes that the Liberals have tended to campaign and hold themselves out as a party of fiscal restraint, as they have become the first government in a decade to achieve back-to-back balanced budgets.
In the last update, Finance Minister Karen Casey projected a $28.9-million surplus for 2017-2018, about $7.6 million higher than forecasted in September when they presented a revised budget initially tabled ahead of last spring's election.
Some of that has been achieved through tough labour tactics with public sector unions.
Those unions and thousands of public school teachers are among those who will have keen interest in what's in the fiscal document.
McNeil has promised the budget will include a significant investment for classroom inclusion ahead of a report that is expected next month. They called the report an opportunity to signal to teachers that the government is serious about providing classroom support for students with special needs.
Classroom composition, and inclusion of students with special needs, was a major issue that was seldom discussed publicly during a 16-month contract dispute that saw teachers walk off the job for a day and stage a protest outside the provincial legislature just over one year ago.
During Monday's news conference, Fran Morrison, whose son committed suicide in 2010, said she's also calling for an independent review of the Nova Scotia Health Authority's hiring practices.
They say that those hired have not succeeded in reducing waiting times or delivering front-line services.
Carla Adams, a spokesperson for the health authority, said in an email that the organization "has processes in place to ensure our recruitment and selection process is objective, fair, transparent and based on merit."
Follow (at)mtuttoncporg on Twitter.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
Trump called Turkey's Erdoğan to congratulate them on referendum win
2017-04-18 01:40 | www.trend.az | 0
U.S. President Donald Trump called Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate them for 'Yes' win in referendum, Anadolu reported.
According to preliminary data, 51.4 percent of votes in a referendum held April 16 were in favor of amendments to the Turkish constitution.
The amendments provide for the number of seats in the Turkish Parliament to be increased from 550 to 600.
It is also suggested that Turkish citizens can run for the MP seats from the age of 18. Currently, the lowest age limit is 25.
The amendments also provide for holding parliamentary elections every 5 years. Currently, the parliamentary elections are held every 4 years.
A Turkish citizen no younger than 40 can become a president, according to the amendments.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
TPL Maps, Pakistan's first digital mapping solution, part of TPL Trakker, joined hands with School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences (SEECS) at National University of Sciences and Technology Islamabad to launch a speech-based navigation software for TPL Maps.
This feature will enable consumers to create route via simple voice commands. Considering the in-app typing proficiencies and spelling errors, this feature will be a game changer for usage of map applications in Pakistan. The new technology is equipped to handle voice commands in various dialects of English and Urdu suited for Pakistani language speaking styles. The human speech-based navigation system will be installed as a value added service to the existing TPL Maps application.
Speaking about this latest addition to TPL's map application, Adeel Hashmi, Head of TPL Maps, stated, “Consistent innovation is integral to our philosophy of providing customers the best possible mapping solutions. Such additions to our existing products allow us to establish ourselves as a high-end technology company looking to offer convenience and ease of use to the end users.”
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Principal SEECS said, “We are delighted to be part of the innovation in Maps in Pakistan. This collaboration with TPL has given our students and faculty the opportunity to experiment and explore a domain that has never been touched upon in Pakistan. Machine learning and AI are the future of technology and we believe this is the first partnership between the two organizations which will result in fantastic tech development in the country”.
OTTAWA — Student and library associations are voicing their support for a section of the Copyright Act that allows materials to be used for educational purposes without infringing copyright.
The Canadian Alliance of Student Associations is telling a House of Commons committee today that restrictions on the scope of that exception will hurt students and educators, especially if it leads to higher costs.
The law is currently being reviewed by the Commons commitee on industry, science and technology.
The association says increased tuition costs for students and limited resources available to teachers would have a chilling effect on education.
The government of Kyrgyzstan was instructed to reduce the tariff for electricity for religious and social facilities. This decision was made today by the parliamentary committee on the fuel and energy complex and subsoil use.
Until mid-January 2018, the government should introduce a proposal and analysis of tariff formation. Within three months, a final decision should be made.
The list of objects included mosques, madrassas, churches, orphanages, boarding schools and other social facilities that are not engaged in commercial activities.
WHO needs Eddie Hearn when The Rock is coming to Super League?
Well, admittedly, that is a slight exaggeration. On both parts.
Rugby league clearly needs someone of Hearn's ilk to raise its profile, do something to promote what is clearly a great product and bring it out of its current stifling malaise that has seen the sport tread water for far too long.
And nor is The Rock pitching up for a cameo appearance at The Jungle either, like another Dwain (Chambers) did in 2008 – yes, a full decade ago – for arguably one of rugby league's best attempts at a publicity stunt for some time.
Just writing that highlights the need for the asupervisorstioned Hearn or someone similar.
Nevertheless, the cousin of Hollywood superstar Dwayne Johnson, whose more recent films include Baywatch, has, indeed, signed for Hull KR.
Junior Vaivai is an American international centre who has been recommended to the Robins' head of rugby Jamie Peacock by both Sam Burgess, who played with them at South Sydney, and Leeds Rhinos boss Brian McDermott, who coached them in their USA role at last year's World Cup.
Rovers had been looking to strengthen their squad ahead of last night's Super League opener and, with the experienced Danny Tickle signing up, too, they have now got some added numbers.
When Vaivai does arrive – they are waiting for a visa – it will be interesting to see how they do settle into Super League but there is clearly something there to pique Tim Sheens's interest.
Talking about interest, maybe, at some point, The Rock can be encouraged to come down and see their cousin in action at KCOM Craven Park, too.
In comparison, that would make Willie Mason's arrival look like some sort of C-list celebrity.
There has been plenty of speculation about which way the sport will go following Nigel Wood's exit as RFL chief executive with growing noises about Hearn getting involved in some capacity.
Along with their father Barry, they have become renowned for the ability to transform sports – darts and snooker being the main ones – in terms of their audience reach, marketability and commercial strength, all areas in which rugby league needs urgent attention.
Of course, Eddie Hearn, perhaps best known as a boxing promoter, actually came out and commented publicly on the prospect earlier this week.
That has got plenty of people excited about their imminent arrival to save the sport.
It might not be quite as easy as all of that, though.
As much as it could do with some of the Hearn magic and expertise in promotion and marketing, they tend to deal with sporting events rather than a sport in totality.
And they do have full control of whatever they take on board, too;, it is hard to imagine Eddie Hearn managing to secure any sort of autonomy when there is the RFL executive and 12 Super League chairpeople to contend with.
In fairness, the Super League clubs are talking positively about their own progress since removing Wood from the board and taking more control of decisions affecting that competition.
Speaking to various club owners recently, there does seem a unified approach to make things better from within.
They have promised a new plan of attack to emerge in the months ahead and are quietly confident of implementing ideas that will bring positive change.
It will be fascinating to see the results – with or without Hearn.
"I've only been on the job for two months, but this was one of the things I hit the ground running on. I've advocated for this issue for years. This is really near and dear to my heart."
Only 24 per cent of women in Canada participate in sport compared to 45 per cent of men, girls' participation drops 22 per cent when they reach adolescence and less than half the senior staff in national sport organizations are women, according to the Canadian Association for the Advancement of Women and Sport and Physical Activity (CAAWS).
At the Winter Olympics and Paralympics in February, just over nine per cent of Canada's coaches were female.
"I think girls don't see as much opportunity in life around sport as boys do for sure growing up," Wickenheiser said.
Duncan's vision for sport gender equality in 2035 is that "all Canadians have the opportunity to get involved and excel in sport, they should be able to do so in an environment free of discrimination or harassment, that we have equality of participation of women and girls," they said.
"We see women and girls moving through the coaching system and judging system, women in leadership positions."
Duncan is also the science and persons with disabilities minister. The 51-year-old MP from Etobicoke North is the third sports minister since the Trudeau government's first cabinet appointments in 2015.
A former gymnast who turned to coaching and judging and still runs marathons, Duncan says their environment as a youngster fostered a life-long passion for sport.
"(Sport) was my family's passion and I had absolutely incredible coaches," Duncan said. "Environment is key and to make sure it's a safe and healthy place too."
By Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
Microsoft is silently patching security bugs in Windows 10, and not immediately rolling out the same updates to Windows 7 and 8, potentially leaving hundreds of millions of computers at risk of attack.
Flaws and other programming blunders that are exploitable by hackers and malware are being quietly cleaned up and fixed in the big Windows 10 releases – such as the Anniversary Update and the Creator's Update. But this vital repair work is only slowly, if at all, filtering back down to Windows 7 and Windows 8 in the form of monthly software updates.
This is all according to researchers on Google's crack Project Zero team. The fear is that miscreants comparing the various public builds of Windows will notice these vulnerabilities are being silently fixed in Windows 10, realize the same holes are present in earlier versions of Windows – which are still used in homes and businesses worldwide – and thus exploit the bugs to infect systems and spy on people. And if hackers haven't realized this, they will now: Google staffers have publicly blogged about it.
Redmond engineers are quietly addressing these Windows security flaws as part of their efforts to improve components within the Windows 10 operating system. For instance, a team may be tasked with improving memory management in the kernel, and as a result, will rewrite chunks of the source code, boosting the software's performance while squashing any pesky exploitable bugs along the way. For the marketing department, this is great news: now they can boast about faster loading times. Malware developers, meanwhile, can celebrate when they discover the programming blunders are still present in Windows 8 and 7.
"Microsoft is known for introducing a number of structural security improvements and sometimes even ordinary bug fixes only to the most recent Windows platform," Google Project Zero researcher Mateusz Jurczyk said on Thursday.
Azure fell over for 7 hours in Europe because someone accidentally set off the fire extinguishers READ MORE
"This creates a false sense of security for users of the older systems, and leaves them vulnerable to software flaws which can be detected merely by spotting subtle changes in the corresponding code in different versions of Windows."
As an example of the problem, Jurczyk highlighted the wobbly use of memset() within the kernel. This is a function that is supposed to overwrite bytes in a specific area of memory to a specific value, such as zero, thus scrubbing away whatever was previously stored in that portion of memory.
When the kernel is told by an application, via the NtGdiGetGlyphOutline system call, to fill an area of memory with information, and copy it into the app's memory space, the OS doesn't fully overwrite the area using memset() prior to the copy operation. This means the kernel ends up copying into the application's memory space left over private kernel data, thus leaking information it really shouldn't. This can be useful to snoop on the OS and other programs, or gain enough knowhow of the system's internal operations to pull off more damaging exploits.
This information-disclosure bug was fixed in Windows 10, but remained present in Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 – until it was reported by Project Zero to Microsoft at the end of May this year and fixed in patches for Windows 7 and 8.1 systems in September. Google typically gives vendors, including Microsoft, 90 days to address any reported security shortcomings before going public, forcing developers and manufacturers to play their hand.
This months-long lag in deploying patches to previous flavors of Windows are leaving systems vulnerable to attack. By broadly upgrading the security defenses in Windows 10, Microsoft is making it easier for hackers to see where they could exploit weak spots in older versions.
"Not only does it leave some customers exposed to attacks, but it also visibly reveals what the attack vectors are, which works directly against user security," Jurczyk explained.
"This is especially true for bug classes with obvious fixes, such as kernel memory disclosure and the added memset calls."
While it's not realistic to expect a vendor to maintain major updates and produce patches indefinitely for older software versions, as many as half of all Windows users are still running Windows 7 and 8 – meaning millions of people are being put at risk by Windows 10's security improvements, ironically.
Windows 8.1 is supposed to receive monthly security fixes until January 10, 2023, and for Windows 7, January 14, 2020.
"Windows has a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues, and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible," a Microsoft spokesperson told The Register.
"Additionally, we continually invest in defense-in-depth security, and recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection."
Translation: please, please stop using Windows 7 and 8. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
In this Dec. 28, 2001 file photo, an Afghan farmer works on their field, on the outskirts of the village of Madakhel in northeastern Afghanistan, near the mountain region of Tora Bora which is seen in the background. An Afghan official says Islamic State fighters have captured some territory around Tora Bora, the former stronghold of Osama bin Laden in eastern Afghanistan's Nangarhar province. (Photo: Enric Marti / AP)
Kabul, Afghanistan — Islamic State fighters captured some territory around Tora Bora, the former stronghold of Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar province, officials said Wednesday.
The push and capture of the giant cave complex that once housed the late al-Qaida chief would be a major scoop for the Islamic State group in its increasingly deadly rivalry with the Afghan Taliban. The caves had until now been under Taliban control.
Attahullah Khogyani, a spokesperson in Nangarhar, said IS attacks in the mountain range began late on Tuesday night. Clashes continued into the day, with IS militants battling the Taliban and some local villagers in the area.
By Wednesday, the Islamic State group had managed to seize some territory around Tora Bora — but not the bin Laden hideout itself, Khogyani said, adding that there were unspecified casualties on both sides.
“I can confirm that the IS fighters occupied some areas around Tora Bora, but not Tora Bora itself,” said Khogyani, referring to the cave complex from where bin Laden and hundreds of other al-Qaida members escaped a massive U.S. bombing campaign in December 2001.
There has been no comment from IS or the Taliban so far.
However, Hazrat Ali, a lawmaker from Nangarhar confirmed that at least 12 Taliban fighters were killed in the battle with IS in Tora Bora. “Based on our information from local people, hundreds of IS fighters attacked Taliban militants in Tora Bora,” said Ali.
They added that the Tora Bora mountain range, with the huge caves that once hid bin Laden, is strategically a very important location for the Islamic State group, giving it a remote and difficult to access location from where to launch attacks on both the Afghan government forces and the Taliban.
Shirin Agha Faqiri, a spokesperson for the army crops in eastern Nangarhar, said IS fighters have captured much of the Tora Bora mountains, and even positioned some of their heavy artillery on the mountain peaks there.
“People and the local villagers are fleeing to other parts of the province,” they added.
Tora Bora was bin Laden's last hideout in Afghanistan, where they and their al-Qaida followers where hosted by the Taliban. Only a few months after the Sep. 11, 2001 terror attacks, bin Laden escaped a U.S. assault in Tora Bora, and later managed to flee to Pakistan.
Bin Laden was killed in a U.S. Navy SEALs raid in May 2011 in the army garrison town of Abbotabad in neighboring Pakistan, a raid that many Pakistanis have felt violated their country's sovereignty. Al-Qaida's No. 2 and bin Laden's deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, took over the terror network.
The Taliban have continued their insurgency in Afghanistan and over the past two years, an affiliate of the Islamic State group which has been fighting in Iraq and Syria also emerged in Afghanistan, gaining a foothold in the country's east and clashing with the Taliban.
The United States estimates that there are about 600-800 IS fighters in Afghanistan, mostly in Nangarhar. The U.S. has concentrated on fighting them while also supporting Afghan forces against the Taliban.
In April, the U.S. used the biggest non-nuclear bomb ever dropped in combat by the American military against IS in Nangarhar, targeting a tunnel complex carved in the mountains that Afghan forces have tried to assault repeatedly but without success.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2spjDaP
A study into the potential re-opening of a historic rail link between Skipton and Lancashire is expected to be announced by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling tomorrow.
Mr Grayling is set to visit the Lancashire town of Colne in the morning to announce a feasibility study into the value of bringing the 11-and-a-half mile Skipton-Colne line back into use.
The route, which opened in October 1848, has been the subject of years of determined efforts to bring it back into use since being closed in February 1970.
As well as making it much harder for people in Lancashire to reach Skipton for work, and vice versa, the lack of a rail link between the two nearby towns is said to limit the vital East-West transport connections the North needs to thrive.
Representatives from Drax and Skipton Building Society were both at a recent meeting in Westminster which was seen by campaigners as a turning point in their fight to re-open the line.
The Westminster meeting was attended by MPs from both parties, and representatives from Lancashire, Bradford and North Yorkshire councils, professional services firm Arup and Peel Ports in Liverpool.
In November, Mr Grayling announced plans to expand the rail network by restoring services lost under the Beeching cuts in a bid to increase jobs and growth.
The Government said it will invite proposals to re-open lines that were closed down following reports by Dr Richard Beeching in the 1960s, or under later British Rail cuts in the 1970s.
It is understood that the feasibility study for the Skipton-Colne line is being co-commissioned by the Department for Transport and Transport for the North and will be completed later in 2018.
Keighley MP John Grogan, who campaigned for the re-opening of the line, said: “This announcement follows an intensive cross-party campaign over the last year backed by business such as Drax Power Station and both Liverpool and Hull Ports.
“Restoring the link between Skipton and Colne Is by far the cheapest and quickest way of increasing Trans Pennine rail links for both freight and passenger traffic.
"There is now the realistic prospect that the industrial towns on both sides of the Pennines like Burnley and Keighley will be linked by rail to each other and to Leeds and Manchester sometime before 2025.”
Hawaii's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the volcanic eruption on Hawaii's Big Island are breathtaking. Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth, blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air. Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam.
For those living in the southeast corner of the big island, the eruption is devastating. But it's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists, looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet.
A post shared by N Rott (@narott) on May 27, 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day, night and minute since this major eruption started, scientists have been tracking its progress. Drones buzz over the rivers of lava, blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow on the rising smoke. Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption. And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels, lava speeds, fountain heights and whatever other data they can get.
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton, a physical volcanologist who's usually stationed in Oregon, at Cascades Volcano Observatory, went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21. What struck them most was the sound: "You can hear, first of all the coqui frogs, but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava, which really does sound like breaking glass."
That word clinkering is actually a technical term. It's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking.
"As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker," says Van Eaton, "and for me, it hadn't really sunk in that that's what it actually sounds like. It's clinkering! It's onomatopoeia!"
Van Eaton and other scientists here are very, very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano. As one scientist put it: Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of," Van Eaton says.
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people, their homes and property, is not lost on any of the scientists here. Brett Walker, a PhD student from the University of Hawaii at Manoa, was out collecting lava samples here a few nights ago.
"So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava," they explain, "I'm collecting it on the property of my friend's house, whose house was burning down. So it's just this complete mix of excitedness, happiness and sadness and devastation really."
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall, a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, says all of the data they're collecting here will drive research for years, helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world. They say it's a generational event that will define the field like Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s.
"And that will hopefully inform land-use planning, emergency preparedness and keep people's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have during this eruption," Stovall says.
That's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during their lunch breaks. She's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand.
"Our largest city, Auckland, is built on top of a volcanic field," they say. "And so the hazards and impacts we're observing on Kilauea, we can imagine that happening here."
And Deligne's not alone. Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica, Japan, Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption.
Fundraising is never easy, but it's even harder when the goal posts are being moved around. Such is the challenge facing today's youngest startups, which are looking at very different fundraising metrics than new startups did just six or seven years ago.
We explored the issue yesterday with Peter Wagner, who spent more than 14 years with Accel as a managing partner before cofounding the early-stage firm Wing Venture Capital in 2013 with another veteran investor, Gaurav Garg, formerly of Sequoia Capital.
Wagner has an obvious interest in how rounds are changing. Wing has to know how much is reasonable to expect to invest in a company, even while it prefers to invest in companies that don't yet have revenue or customers. In a competitive funding landscape, its now four-person investing team is also looking to raise the firm's profile by publishing smart industry research, including, not so long ago, on the state of IoT.
Whatever Wing's motivations, its findings are worth tracking if you're a founder who is thinking about raising either a seed or Series A round any time soon. More from our chat with Wagner, along with Wing's data, follows.
TC: Your second fund, $300 million, was nearly twice the size of your $160 million debut fund. Do you expect your third fund will be even larger? Is this going to be an Accel-size firm some day?
PW: No, we're actually working hard to keep a lid on our fund size. Early-stage investing doesn't scale. For us to grow, we'd have to change our investing strategy.
TC: So many firms are doing exactly that, with the notable exception of Benchmark, which has maintained its fund size for the last 18 years roughly.
PW: I was at Accel when we were [expanding into] having a later-stage practice. We sought out different skills [from potential hires] because it's a different process. Its fact, the more we learned about it, the more realized how different a discipline it is.
TC: Given that you're so focused on early-stage financing dynamics, tell us what you've learned. How did you put together this new report?
PW: We looked at companies that were funded by the 20 or so leading venture firms between 2010 and 2017. It's 2,700 companies all together, and 5,800 financings. If a company raised a seed fund from another firm, but Sequoia led its Series A, all of its financings rounds, including that seed round, were incorporated into our research. We also focused on these companies' downstream financings [no matter the investors].
TC: So some of these companies are pretty new. Others are eight years old. What should founders know about the numbers?
PW: Today's seed round is larger than the average Series A round was in 2010, which wasn't all that long ago. The average Series A in 2010 was $4.9 million; by last year, it had reached $12.1 million. The average seed round in 2010 was $1.4 million; as of last year, it was $6.3 million.
TC: That's a massive uptick, obviously. Do you find it worrying?
PW: Not necessarily. It's a reflection of the changing strategies of major venture firms. Those defined as Series A investors have mostly adopted a later-stage posture and at scale. And when you're scaling a venture firm, you'll do more later-stage investing because you can invest more money. That's one of the things pulling up Series A sizes.
TC: Looking at another of your charts, it looks like the companies raising A round have to be a lot further along than was formerly the case. That's not exactly a news flash, but it's still interesting. Perhaps more telling is that 67 percent of them were already generating revenue, unlike 11 percent of their peers in 2010. The same is playing out for seed investments, looks like.
PW: Yes, just 9 percent of seed-funding companies were generating revenue back in 2010; last year, more than half of them were.
VC: So much for “venture” investing. Since everyone is taking so much less risk on these companies at the seed and Series A stage, are they getting less in terms of their ownership of these startups?
PW: Ownership percentages [outside of Wing] are hard to get, other than in IPO prospectuses. Based on anecdotal data and what I've observed, major firms are still looking for the same ownership percentages. They're just paying a lot more for it.
TC: You have other interesting data, including around the number of financings that startups are sealing up before they get to the Series A. It used to be A was the second round. Now, companies have raised nearly three rounds before they get to that point.
That seems not great for founders, who are giving away part of their company with every financing.
PW: As you know, “pre-seed” is a thing now, as are “seed plus” financings. So you have this segmentation within the world of seed before you get to post-adoption, where you have some evidence that things are working and investors can see how rapidly. Seed is the new A.
As for whether founders own less because of this trend, that's a hard one to track, again because ownership stats are the last ones you'll find.
TC: Well, you're investing very early on, at the pre-seed or pre-adoption phase in many cases. Are you still taking the 20 percent that you looked to own when you were doing Series A deals that looked more like seed deals?
PW: Ideally. Other times, we'll start with a smaller position and build up to that. We play the role of go-to partner, so we want to be in that ownership position.
TC: With things shifting around so much, where is the Valley of Death these days? You obviously have to have a strong startup to land Series A funding.
PW: It's interesting. Major firms have adopted these scaled-up strategies and they've outsourced a lot of the adoption work to investors and incubators and angel investors, who are launching a fleet of a thousand ships. That enables the firms to hang around and see which startups look the best and pick and choose.
What's notable is they don't have as much vested interest in companies at the Series A because it's very different when you make a new investment versus a follow-on investment. It used to be that individuals at these firms were involved much earlier.
I'm not sure if that's a healthy or unhealthy development. But it does mean that seed firms have been presented with this expanded territory from which these other firms have backed away. Somebody has to do the foundation building. It's a great opportunity for seed investors to play a bigger role, but it can certainly be a confusing time for founders, with investors changing, along with the criteria for who you let into your inner circle.
TC: You've been in venture for more than 20 years. Is there a correction coming or has something fundamentally changed?
PW: There will be a correction. There will always be a correction. Every time we've ever thought the cycle has been broken, we've been proven wrong. VC is cyclical. What I don't know is the date of that correction or how deep it will be.
TC: Do you think venture firms should be raising such gigantic funds right now, given this likelihood?
PW: The last time around [in the late '90s], a bunch of people raised really big funds and wound up releasing half the capital or more back to their limited partners when the market changed. Returns on big funds have always disappointed. Things do change and tech is a much more important ingredient. But I do think this is still a boom-bust business.
STONE Age man had their cave walls and Michelangelo the Sistine Chapel, but for the last two generations of artist the medium of choice has been the record sleeve.
From Peter Blake's pop art visualisation of The Beatles' Sergeant Pepper half a century ago, the 12-inch canvas of the LP cover has pushed at the boundaries of creative expression.
Britain's first exhibition of contemporary vinyl art, at the Civic, Barnsley
Now, contemporary album art is getting its own annual exhibition, with a gallery in Yorkshire chosen to mount it.
“It's the only medium in which you're likely to see Damien Hirst next to a 16th Century Dutch master,” said Jason White, who is running the show at The Civic in Barnsley.
The venue will host the first Best Art Vinyl exhibition, for 10 weeks from November 11. The international awards, organised from London, are in their 12th year but this is the first time the shortlist has gone on show.
“They approached us because they had seen our first exhibition of album art in 2009,” Mr White said.
The shortlist of 50 will be announced next month and the public will be able to vote for the winners, which will be unveiled in January.
Last year's top ten included the final albums by David Bowie and Leonard Cohen, as well as Quentin Blake's artwork for James Blake's The Colour in Anything, which was produced in the style of a children's book illustration.
“It's very democratic. You'll have unknown graphic designers next to the biggest in the industry,” Mr White said, noting that the 2008 winner had been the 16th century master Pieter Bruegel the Elder, whose painting, Netherlandish Proverbs, had been adapted by the American baroque folk group, Fleet Foxes.
It will be featured in a section of this year's exhibition celebrating past winners of the award, including the musicians Rihanna, Oasis, Scissor Sisters, Manic Street Preachers and Gorillaz, and artists Martin Parr, Damien Hirst, Robert Mapplethorpe and the Turner Prize winner, Mark Wallinger.
In a further section, 30 empty frames will allow visitors to bring their own favourite album covers.
Although most albums now are sold on CD or digital streams and downloads, the vinyl disc is enjoying a renaissance.
“The awards began before the revival had really taken off. Now, vinyl is huge,” said Mr White, who managed galleries in London before returning to their native Barnsley.
“Many designers have made their name by creating artworks for bands - such as Peter Saville for New Order and Joy Division, and Stanley Donwood for Radiohead. Rather than being constrained by the 12-inch format, a good record cover can perfectly encapsulate what both the musician and designer are about.”
Musicians connected with Barnsley will get their own space at the exhibition, with a section devoted to the best releases from 1971 onwards. They include the local heavy metal band Saxon and the Ulster singer Hannah Peel, whose newly-released third album was recorded in the town. Its sleeve was designed by the graphic artist Jonathan Barnbrook, who also created the cover for David Bowie's Blackstar.
In future years, Barnsley's team will take the exhibition on tour.
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
“The relationship with my nephew has always been excellent, in all these years we have never had periods of crisis,” they said, but added that they have felt increasingly sidelined since Carlos Costa became Nadal's manager and as the player's father has become more involved.
CARACAS, Venezuela -- Venezuela's defense minister Monday declared the army's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro, who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him.
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro's opponents vow will be the “mother of all protests” Wednesday, after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and their allies to tighten their grip on power.
The center-right opposition has called on the military -- a pillar of Maduro's power -- to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages, riots and looting.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (center) speaks during a ceremony with militia members at Miraflores Palace in Caracas, Venezuela April 17, 2017. (Reuters)
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army “confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president.”He made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro “Bolivarian militia,” who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace.Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced they planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members.“Loyalty is repaid with loyalty,” they said.The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist “Bolivarian revolution” launched by their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999.“From the first reveille (on Monday morning), from the first rooster crow, the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets ... saying, ‘Long live the Bolivarian revolution,'” they said Sunday night in a televised address.He called for the militia to be in “permanent training” and “permanent deployment” to defend Venezuela against “any imperialist aggression” -- a thinly veiled reference to the United States.Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro's announcement.“The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member.  They are more desperate than ever,” Capriles wrote on Twitter.“Venezuela does not want rifles, it wants food and medicine!”Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since March 30, when Maduro's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature.The court partly backtracked after an international outcry, but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles.Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas, water cannons and rubber bullets.Nongovernment groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies.Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals, retorting that “action by the state to restore public order cannot be called repression.”Maduro's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday, a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela's independence struggle in 1810.The president's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day.It is a touchy date in Venezuela, where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist, left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle, Simon Bolivar.Maduro is fighting efforts to force them from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world's highest inflation rate.Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves, but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export.Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else, the country has been hit by severe shortages of food, medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper.With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves, the army controls production and distribution of basic foods.Eleven of Maduro's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers. (AFP)
Interview "Plane Hacker" Chris Roberts has called for countries to pressure manufacturers into improving the lamentable state of transportation security.
Cars are turning into computers on wheels and airplanes have become flying data centres, but this increase in power and connectivity has largely happened without designing in adequate security controls.
Improving transportation security was a major strand of the recent Cyber Week security conference in Israel. A one-day event, Speed of Light, focused on transportation cybersecurity, where Roberts served as master of ceremonies.
El Reg caught up with the larger-than-life Highland Games participant at the conference to get a sitrep on the threats to transportation systems and the response from vendors. Progress is inconsistent and successes in the field are as much the result of countries, such as Israel, actively grappling with the issue as switched-on vendors.
Feds: Bloke 'HACKED PLANE controls' – from their PASSENGER seat READ MORE
"Israel was here, not just a couple of companies. Israel is going, 'We as a state, we as a country, need to understand [about transportation security]'," Roberts said. "We need to learn."
"In other places it's the companies. GM is great. Ford is good. Some of the Germany companies are good. Fiat-Chrysler Group has got a lot of work to do."
Some industries are more advanced than others at understanding cybersecurity risks, Roberts claimed. For example, awareness in the automobile industry is ahead of that found in aviation.
"Boeing is in denial. Airbus is kind of on the fence. Some of the other industries are better."
El Reg offered all the firms cited by Roberts an opportunity to respond to their comments. We're yet to hear back from any of them.
"The challenge is in the US, the DHS [Department of Homeland Security] is saying [to the industry], 'Hey you've got problems'," Roberts told El Reg. "[Other regulators are] saying you need to listen. They are starting to listen and they are doing some of the work.
"But when you get a country [Israel] that is basically under threat 24/7 – saying that we as a country want to understand the state of security of systems that are transporting our citizens. It's a huge message. It makes a difference."
A country can apply pressure on manufacturers, Roberts said. The question should be how other governments follow the Israeli example.
Roberts said some European authorities are pushing positive cybersecurity improvements; others elsewhere are yet to step up.
Schneier warns of 'perfect storm': Tech is becoming autonomous, and security is garbage READ MORE
"The port of Rotterdam is starting to take a more active look at shipping as a cybersecurity risk... that will start to push it.
"On the flip side, in the US the Association of American Railroads is saying we can't interfere, all we can do is broker discussions. Regulators are saying, well, we have to take a lead from the railroad association. Regulators need to get involved. C'mon, guys: stop the finger pointing. This is a problem that we all have to solve."
Transportation security threats collectively amount to a "clusterfuck", Roberts said.
DHS and NCISC have put out warnings on air security – ground control, satellite control and some other telemetry.
A 20-year evolution During the course of our interview, Roberts offered the following John Oliver-esque monologue on the automobile information security mess we find ourselves within. "There's a 20-year evolution in cars, so we've seen it coming along down the road. The phone has become an entire multipurpose device. It's the same thing with cars. "The car has become a multipurpose system. It's moved on from being a single-function device that takes us from point A to B. "It's now a multi-function system that will read us an email, tune into whatever blasted system we want across the globe. It'll tell us to stop off at Tesco and pick up a packet of biscuits and a pint of milk. It'll be monitoring traffic flow and navigation. And it'll do 25 other things at the same time, in theory while we're either driving or not driving them. "And, by the way, you may not even own the thing. You might be just leasing the time and the space on it. That's been a 20-year evolution where we've had time to get used to it. "With aviation and trains we don't interact with them at the same level. We use a plane to go from point A to point B once a week, once a month or once a year." As with telephones, automobile technology has crept up on us.
"Cars are better than most, which is scary because there's still a lot of work to be done," Roberts said. "It has obviously been in the media more.
"There's almost nothing you can do [as a user] to improve car security. The only thing you can do is go back to the garage every month for your Microsoft Patch Tuesday – updates from Ford or GM.
"You better come in once a month for your patches because if you don't, the damn thing is not going to work."
What about over-the-air updates? These may not always be reliable, Roberts warned.
"What happens if you're in the middle of a dead spot? Or you're in the middle of a developing country that doesn't have that? What about the Toyotas that get sold to the Middle East or Far East, to countries that don't have 4G or 5G coverage. And what happens when you move around countries?"
The Roberts family owns a mixture of modern and classic cars. Roberts said their awareness of cybersecurity hasn't much influenced their buying decisions but it has affected some of the things that he's done with their cars.
"I put a network sniffer on the big truck to see what it was sharing. Holy crap! The GPS, the telemetry, the tracking. There's a lot of data this thing is sharing.
"If you turn it off you might be voiding warranties or [bypassing] security controls," Roberts said, adding that there was also an issue about who owns the data a car generates. "Is it there to protect me or monitor me?" they mused.
Some insurance firms offer cheaper insurance to careful drivers, based on readings from telemetry devices and sensors. Roberts is dead set against this for privacy reasons. "Insurance can go to hell. For me, getting a 5 per cent discount on my insurance is not worth accepting a tracking device from an insurance company."
Three years ago the FBI questioned Roberts over suspicions they had hacked into the controls of a United Airlines plane midair via the inflight entertainment system. Roberts tweeted about airplane network security during a UA flight to Syracuse, New York, back in April 2015. They were questioned on landing and some of their equipment was temporarily seized.
No charges ever followed the incident, which increased Roberts' profile within the infosec community. Fellow hackers were quick to come to their defence and they have since become a trusted partner and expert consultant to various parties in the aviation industry, even though others seemingly remain reluctant to take their research on board. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Net Punting
Through games of Dec. 09
G Yds Punts Net Texas 12 112 73 44.66 Texas A&M 12 87 76 43.39 Tennessee 12 220 71 42.30 Bowling Green 12 64 60 42.28 Stanford 13 93 53 42.23 Utah 12 34 46 42.20 Georgia 13 59 49 42.06 New Mexico 12 117 67 41.99 South Ala. 12 152 71 41.75 Missouri 12 63 50 41.66 Ohio St. 13 52 44 41.43 Syracuse 12 24 58 41.29 BYU 13 64 60 41.13 South Carolina 12 71 47 41.11 Fla. Atlantic 13 54 46 40.98 Florida 11 306 65 40.95 Cincinnati 12 67 64 40.95 Alabama 12 5 43 40.86 Baylor 12 59 60 40.72 Marshall 12 62 53 40.55 Northwestern 12 102 65 40.15 Kentucky 12 82 60 40.10 Arkansas St. 11 8 50 40.10 Colorado 12 75 58 40.03 Kansas St. 12 97 56 40.00 Virginia Tech 12 42 63 39.94 Louisville 12 108 40 39.93 Charlotte 12 110 85 39.82 Penn St. 12 73 52 39.81 Georgia Tech 11 198 50 39.74 Memphis 12 23 46 39.70 Mississippi St. 12 34 51 39.67 Western Mich. 12 102 65 39.60 North Carolina 12 304 72 39.43 UTSA 11 23 47 39.36 Illinois 12 143 78 39.29 Army West Point 12 61 27 39.26 Kent St. 12 92 83 39.23 Air Force 12 122 41 39.17 Nebraska 12 111 59 38.90 LSU 12 69 54 38.89 Houston 11 47 53 38.85 Rutgers 12 245 79 38.77 Texas Tech 12 66 57 38.75 Miami (OH) 12 15 64 38.75 San Jose St. 13 275 86 38.73 Washington 12 43 40 38.70 Ole Miss 12 109 57 38.53 Boise St. 13 49 58 38.36 Navy 12 71 39 38.36 SMU 12 67 53 38.36 UCF 12 51 41 38.29 Hawaii 12 201 58 38.26 Michigan St. 12 31 67 38.25 Pittsburgh 12 251 60 38.22 Wake Forest 12 234 65 38.20 North Texas 13 28 48 38.19 Minnesota 12 114 67 38.13 UTEP 12 315 80 38.09 Iowa St. 12 80 62 38.08 Colorado St. 12 135 40 38.05 FIU 12 73 50 37.90 Buffalo 12 92 56 37.89 Oklahoma 13 110 36 37.83 Purdue 12 101 67 37.81 Ohio 12 100 54 37.76 Texas St. 12 247 83 37.70 Southern Miss. 12 87 63 37.70 La.-Monroe 12 148 58 37.67 Indiana 12 124 86 37.62 Central Mich. 12 253 87 37.59 Oklahoma St. 12 76 39 37.51 East Carolina 12 204 53 37.51 Notre Dame 12 223 61 37.41 Iowa 12 81 64 37.38 Florida St. 12 253 66 37.24 Idaho 12 346 66 37.23 Utah St. 12 128 70 37.21 California 12 178 54 37.20 NC State 12 237 54 37.15 Rice 12 266 57 37.09 Middle Tenn. 12 20 59 37.07 New Mexico St. 12 184 70 37.06 Louisiana 12 117 64 37.02 UCLA 12 244 53 37.00 Western Ky. 12 72 52 37.00 Oregon St. 12 44 60 36.93 Arkansas 12 40 59 36.90 Southern California 13 180 50 36.86 Wyoming 12 108 82 36.83 Northern Ill. 12 126 81 36.80 Clemson 13 176 64 36.80 Boston College 12 134 75 36.76 TCU 13 66 68 36.75 Fresno St. 13 188 65 36.74 Wisconsin 13 119 56 36.73 Tulsa 12 204 63 36.71 Old Dominion 12 127 68 36.71 UConn 12 64 64 36.53 Tulane 12 38 58 36.50 Washington St. 12 52 59 36.44 Ga. Southern 12 153 69 36.38 Akron 13 280 81 36.35 Virginia 12 314 74 36.30 Troy 12 155 53 36.13 Vanderbilt 12 161 66 36.11 Miami (FL) 12 49 72 36.00 Eastern Mich. 12 99 70 35.89 Michigan 12 195 71 35.86 Arizona St. 12 162 62 35.79 Maryland 12 146 66 35.74 South Fla. 11 133 61 35.62 West Virginia 12 177 65 35.52 Duke 12 180 63 35.46 Auburn 13 159 52 35.29 Appalachian St. 12 126 54 35.06 Louisiana Tech 12 97 53 35.04 Toledo 13 15 46 34.87 Temple 12 93 54 34.67 Kansas 12 366 87 34.57 Georgia St. 11 190 59 34.56 Nevada 12 165 55 34.38 Massachusetts 12 429 65 34.20 San Diego St. 12 162 58 33.95 Oregon 12 134 57 33.74 UAB 12 232 64 33.66 UNLV 12 228 49 30.63 Ball St. 12 284 75 30.12 Arizona 12 205 42 28.38
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
What Trump Didn't Say
This piece is only available to Political Wire members.
Join today for exclusive analysis, new features and no advertising.
True legends in any field are few and far between but Robert Taylor, who died last week at 85, was definitely was one in the field of computer networking.
A key figure on the development of the Internet and ubiquitous Ethernet, Taylor was also instrumental in developing the first personal computer known as the Alto and a host of other computer and networking advances throughout their career. And their career was dotted with major positions at Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Stanford Research Institute, NASA, the Pentagon, Xerox and Digital Equipment Corporation.
+More on Network World: 11 low-tech, decidedly cool cars+
An article penned on 2013 and posted on the Computer History Museum's Website goes in-depth on Taylor's industry influence and the man's style:
“Warm, sarcastic and direct, with a wicked sense of humor, Taylor could be a wonderful companion or a formidable enemy. As a manager, they were both loved and feared. They were a big believer in frequent celebrations for team-building. For instance, weekly tea time, and water balloon slingshot contests and other whimsical games as part of the “SRC Olympics.” But they were also ruthless in their efforts to select – and maintain – the very best. They regularly let go the bottom performing 25% of their employees, based on confidential evaluations of each other. They felt that: people … are motivated by having other good people around them, and they're discouraged if they have to work with someone who isn't quite up to it. So, if you can get rid of people who are not so good, the spirit of the place is improved. You can see it just sort of pickup. The other good thing is it enables you to hire new people. If you don't do this, then after a while, you will arrive at a state where you have no more head count, so there's no way to improve your organization. Thus when you do hire someone, you try to hire them with a conscious effort to make your organization better. So all of this might—as we're spieling it off like this—might seem pretty cold, cruel and calculating. If it is, so be it. I think it's the way to run a good research center.”
Taylor was awarded the National Medal of Technology 1999 and the Charles Stark Draper Prize in 2004. They were inducted into the Computer History Museum Hall of Fellows in 2013.
In the Los Angeles Times, Taylor's son Kurt Taylor, said the scientist died Thursday (April 13) at their home in Woodside, Calif.
+More on Network World: 2016's notable deaths in technology, science & inventions+
Check out these other hot stories:
Avaya files Chapter 11 reorg plan, reduces debt by $4 billion
Cisco runs out two “critical” security warnings for IOS, Apache Struts (again)
Avaya plan deploys network virtualization, segmentation to guard business jewels
DARPA to eliminate “patch & pray” by baking chips with cybersecurity fortification
Cisco fortifies storage throughput, analytics
Arista gets important win over Cisco in patent battle
DARPA semantic program seeks to glean truth from obfuscation
Cisco targets digital business transformation with new certifications
Cisco issues variety of security warnings on wireless gear
OPNFV “Danube” upgrade looks to spur open source NFV expansion
Photo: Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song, “The Dreaming Kind,” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Related: Sheryl Crow Releases ‘Halfway There' Music Video
“The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart,” Crow said of the song. “I felt compelled to write ‘The Dreaming Kind' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence. The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow. I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it.
“Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012. In just 3 years, Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs. The four programs – which include Start With Hello, Say Something, Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country. These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings, suicides and other acts of violence, as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need.
“Every $1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help. By training two-generations of Americans, we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence, resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe, nationwide. Thank you so much for your support.”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today (Dec. 11), sharing the stage with their 12-year-old niece, Ava Crow, 12, who also appears on the studio version of the track.
“She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Them voice is pure and very touching,” Crow told People. “She came over, they sang it four times and it was perfect.”
Watch the music video for Crow's new track below.
Dubai
Most property buyers seem to have taken a timeout in January, with Dubai's off-plan sales down 28 per cent in volumes and 40 per cent in value terms from a year ago. Some sort of drop-off was anticipated after an exceptionally strong 2017 for off-plan demand, but the January 2018 numbers seems to have come in much lower than expectations.
In fact, Dubai's developers kept well away from off-plan launches during January, with only three — Emaar, Damac and a private entity L-I-V, which opened sales for its first freehold tower — willing to do so.
In Emaar's case, it managed to pull in sales confirmations of Dh1 billion or so within days for the towers it launched at a brand-new development, the Beachfront.
Based on available estimates, just about 800 units were released in the first 30 days of the year, according to GCP-Reidin, the real estate consultancy. In all, January 2018 saw 1,645 off-plan deals being registered, as against the 2,281 units 12 months ago. In all, off-plan sales of over 2,000 units each were recorded in five months and of 1,800 units plus apiece in a further three months of 2017.
And market sources say off-plan sales could remain subdued in the weeks ahead if the majority of developers continue to play safe with launches.—Gulf News
The high street is becoming a magnet for impulse buyers as retailers tackle online competition, according to a high-profile property investor.
Danny Mills, former Leeds and England footballer-turned commercial property investor, said there would always be a place for the high street but its main purpose now is to appeal to shoppers who make quick decisions.
“Considered purchases, like white goods, are moving out to retail parks. Those are places where people will do a bit of research and shop around on the internet to see if they can find it cheaper somewhere else,” they told The Yorkshire Post.
“The high street, for me, is becoming a place for impulse buyers, including lots of restaurants and coffee shops.”
Mr Mills was speaking ahead of KPMG's Future Leaders event in Leeds last night where they were guest speaker.
The entrepreneur, who lives in Harrogate, invests in retail property in North Yorkshire and currently owns shops let to Sweaty Betty, Crew Clothing and Kuoni travel agents in the centre of Harrogate as well as investments in York.
They began investing in property after moving to Yorkshire to play for Leeds United. Over the last 17 years they have made about 20 investments of up to £3m through their company Geo Management.
“I started investing in residential property but I moved into commercial because it's easier to manage, the returns are better and there is a bit more longevity,” they said.
They added: “I always invest where I know because I can see what's working and make adjustments.”
Mr Mills said they don't make ‘risky' investments. “I'm a very cautious investor, I don't take huge risks. I look for a good tenant and a decent lease,” they said.
“I will buy a property in an area where if something did go wrong the property is in a location where someone else will want it. I am selective and fussy.”
They admitted their strategy does not get the highest returns but added that, so far, they haven't had an investment go wrong.
Mr Mills described the current commercial property market as ‘difficult' with low yields and Brexit uncertainty with some tenants.
“But there are always bargains to be had and you have to look at the long term,” they said.
Given the uncertainty, Mr Mills has started to diversify their investments.  They are a partner in Enact, an SME fund managed by Leeds-based private equity firm Endless.
In 2014, Enact acquired West Cornwall Pasty Company out of administration, a transaction which went on to generate 5.5 times return on money invested.
“Opportunities present themselves all the time and it's just a case of being cautious and picking the right one,” they said.
Speaking after the Future Leaders event, Ian Beaumont, head of Enterprise at KPMG in Yorkshire, said: “Danny's story highlights how entrepreneurs emerge from such different walks of life. Our 100 guests, future leaders from across Yorkshire's business community, enjoyed an opportunity to question Danny about their career and to network.”
MADRID — Spain easily defeated Albania 3-0 to secure a World Cup berth on Friday and outspoken defender Gerard Pique received a mixed reaction from home fans every time they touched the ball.
Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara scored first-half goals to give Spain an insurmountable five-point lead over Italy with one round to go in Group G of European qualifying.
Italy's chances of winning the group ended with in a 1-1 draw against Macedonia in Turin, a result that secured second place for the Italians.
Israel won at Liechtenstein 1-0 in the other group match.
Presented by The Allen Morris Company, the annual Alvah H. Chapman Jr. Award was created to recognize the achievements of an individual, organization and young leader who have made significant contributions and set standards for the development of the Miami central business district's core economy, its culture, promotion, education, beautification and preservation.
The Young Leader Award recognizes one “who not only has a strong vision of what downtown Miami can be but also has been able to play an instrumental role in transforming the Central Business District into a place where businesses come to grow and people want to live.” This is the fourth edition of the award, which emanated from the chamber's New World Center – Downtown Miami Committee, which Crowley chaired from 2012-2014.
Crowley joined fellow honorees Alberto Ibarguen, the Knight Foundation President and CEO who was recognized as Outstanding Individual; and the Miami Downtown Development Authority (DDA) represented by DDA Chaiman Ken Russell, which was named Outstanding Institution. Recently elected Miami Mayor Francis Suarez served as the keynote speaker during the luncheon and presented a compelling vision of what downtown Miami can become under their leadership.
“I am humbled and grateful to receive this award, which was established to recognize Alvah Chapman's contributions to our community, and specifically to our downtown,” said Crowley. “The evolution of downtown Miami can be traced to a meeting they convened with Miami's top leaders in 1976 on the 38th Floor of the newly completed One Biscayne Tower, and I am honored to be mentioned in the same context as these visionary and selfless leaders. I am especially honored to receive this award today alongside Miami's new Mayor Francis Suarez and the DDA chair Ken Russell, whose collaboration and support going forward will help ensure that our bold plans for downtown become reality.”
Spencer Crowley is an accomplished attorney and dedicated public servant with a strong commitment to improving the built environment and the natural environment of Miami-Dade County. Spencer's legal practice focuses on large scale land use matters where they lead entitlement efforts for major redevelopment projects in the urban core of South Florida, and environmental permitting matters related to Florida's coastal areas, including marina permitting, use of sovereignty submerged lands and beach nourishment projects. Their specialty is leading large multi-disciplinary teams of professionals to successfully complete complex entitlement and permitting projects which involve all levels of government approval. Spencer is fortunate to have been integrally involved with some of the most transformative projects across South Florida including Brickell City Centre, Miami Design District, Midtown Miami, Babcock Ranch, Village at Gulfstream Park, Skyrise Miami and David Beckham's quest to bring an MLS Soccer franchise to Miami.
In addition to their private practice, Spencer is committed to civic engagement, primarily through years of dedicated service as a gubernatorial appointee to the Florida Inland Navigation District (FIND). As Miami-Dade County FIND Commissioner, Spencer has secured over $37 million in State funding for major public projects and initiatives such as the waterfront improvements at Museum Park, acquisition of land along the Little River to establish Manatee Bend Park, redevelopment of the Miami Marine Stadium, dredging and environmental restoration of Wagner Creek/Seybold Canal, and dredging of the Miami River. In addition to this funding assistance, Spencer led efforts to improve the Miami Circle site as an urban waterfront park and has been a consistent advocate in the efforts to establish a connected baywalk and riverwalk in downtown Miami.
Nominations Sought For Brighton Women's History Roll Of Honor
January 2, 2017
Nominations are being sought for the 2017 Brighton Area Women's History Roll of Honor.
The Roll of Honor serves to bring awareness to the general public about the contributions women have made over the years to society. The group started recognizing women from the Brighton area in 2003 and its advisory council is looking for the next potential candidate to be inducted into the Roll of Honor. Joyce Powers, Chair of the Roll of Honor's Advisory Council, says there is no limit to the number of nominations that can be made. Nominees can be a woman who has done something for the first time, has made significant contributions to the community, served the area or has distinctive accomplishments.
Nominations are due by January 31st. A committee meeting will be held in February where the advisory council will discuss each nominee and then hold a vote. The 2017 honorees will be announced in March as a part of National Women's History Month. Nomination forms can be found at the Brighton District Library, Greater Brighton Area Chamber of Commerce or Brighton Area Schools. Forms can also be found at the Brighton Library's website. Any questions may be directed to Brighton Area Women's History Roll of Honor, c/o Brighton District Library, 100 Library Drive, Brighton, MI 48116, telephone: 810-229-2149, or email BrightonWomensHistory@gmail.com. (JK)
Highway 97 at Odem Medo Road in Redmond was shut down for the better part of an hour last night when a pickup truck was hit by a semi truck hauling pigs. According to the Redmond Police the incident took place just before 6 pm when the driver of the truck crossed into oncoming traffic and was hit by the semi. The pickup truck driver was taken to St. Charles in Bend with severe injuries. The names of the 2 drivers have not been released at this time as the accident remains under investigation.
Puerto Rico's power grid has been practically demolished in the wake of hurricane Maria. It now has a once in a lifetime opportunity to rebuild and the island's governor Ricardo Rossello wants to have a chat with Elon Musk about their recent offer to use Tesla batteries and solar power for the the job.
Only 10 percent of the island has power at the moment and, according to the Puerto Rico state-owned electric company, some communities won't be able to turn the lights back on for four to six months.
Musk tweeted yesterday they could be the one to rebuild Puerto Rico's electricity system using independent batteries and solar power.
“The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too,” Musk wrote back.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 5, 2017
Governor Rossello tweeted at Musk shortly after with, “Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project.”
As the Government's CINO, I fully support this! Let's build the Puerto Rico we all want through innovation #letstalk @prstateits — Glorimar Ripoll (@prstatecino) October 6, 2017
Puerto Rico's chief innovation officer Glorimar Ripoli is also on board. “As the Government's CINO, I fully support this! Let's build the Puerto Rico we all want through innovation,” they tweeted.
The real question is if this talking will turn into action.
Tesla has already shipped hundreds of its Powerwall battery systems to Puerto Rico and Tesla employees are currently busy installing them and training locals how to continue the process.
Musk also has a history of turning Twitter chats into something more. They struck a deal to build a battery plant in South Australia based on a tweet with Atlassian founder and Australian Mike Cannon-Brookes last March. Musk broke ground on the deal last month and stands to lose $50 million if they don't complete the job within 100 days.
As Musk mentioned in their tweet, Tesla has created a battery and solar power grid for other islands, like the Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative in Hawaii and in American Samoa.
Of course, those projects were for much smaller populations than Puerto Rico. But Musk seems confident their system can scale to meet the demands of the island's 3.4 million citizens.
Featured Image: ullstein bild / Contributor/Getty Images
Yuvraj Singh might not be considered for 2019 ICC World Cup
A BCCI official has said that there are many replacements for the left-handed batsman.
@Rupinzel by Rupin Kale News 14 Aug 2017, 19:07 IST
End of a memorable journey?
What's the story?
As per media reports, a senior BCCI official recently stated that veteran Indian batsman Yuvraj Singh is not in contention for the ICC World Cup 2019. The official cited various reasons for the same and explained that there are many younger cricketers who can be groomed to replace Singh in preparation for the big tournament.
"His batting has lost sting. They rarely bowl and their fielding has gone down a few notches. If we have to prepare a team for 2019 World Cup, we have to take a call now. In case of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, we still don't have a replacement but Yuvraj's place has multiple contenders," the official told the Press Trust of India.
Yuvraj played in the ICC Champions Trophy that was hosted by England earlier this year. They were also a part of the ODI squad that travelled to West Indies last month. Barring a couple of good performances, the left-hander struggled in both the series and failed to make a mark.
In case you didn't know...
India's squad for the limited overs series against Sri Lanka was announced yesterday (August 13), and Singh was not included in the same. Youngster KL Rahul was recalled to the national side after recovering from their shoulder injury, and replaced the Punjab batsman in the squad.
Attacking batsman Dinesh Karthik was also swapped for Manish Pandey, who had an excellent tour with the India A side in South Africa earlier this month.
The details
Singh played their last ODI match, against West Indies last month
Singh has been in and out of the side for the past few years and it looks increasingly difficult for them to make their way into the playing XI one more time.
MSK Prasad, chairperson of the national selectors, recently said that the door hasn't been closed on Yuvraj, but also stated that fitness will be the parameter for all national selections henceforth.
What's next?
Prasad said that the selectors have locked in on 22-24 players for the World Cup and will look to try and test them in the next 4-5 months.
Yuvraj should start preparing for their next opportunity immediately so that they are ready to fire on all cylinders if and when he's given a chance to play in the ODI side once again.
Author's take
The chances of the southpaw making a comeback into the side look very bleak, at least for now. Age is not on their side and they would really have to do something extraordinary to fight their way back into international cricket.
However, Yuvraj is nothing if not a fighter. It remains to be seen if the left-hander can fight their way out of this hole, which might just be the toughest one he's ever dug themselves into in their cricketing career.
Ambien manufacturer to Barr: 'Racism not a know side effect'
Governor's Awards for the Arts recipients announced SCRANTON — A Pulitzer Prize- and Tony Award-winning playwright and a renowned furniture designer are among the winners of the 2018 Governor's Awards for the Arts, which will be given in the Electric City this summer. (read more)
Police seek individual who shot, wounded cat Police are looking for the person who shot a pregnant cat that was found wounded over the weekend in Plymouth. (read more)
Celebrities, activists, and Barr react to 'Roseanne' news Reaction to ABC's cancellation of its hit reboot of "Roseanne" after star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the "Planet of the Apes": (read more)
Furnaces fired up for meltzone in Scranton SCRANTON — The air rippled as flames shot out of a weathered iron furnace sitting in the shadow of Scranton's historic Iron Furnaces on Monday afternoon as part of the International Conference on Contemporary Cast Iron Art. (read more)
University of Scranton professor studies barriers to better health for midlife women SCRANTON — Midlife women often find themselves doing double-duty as caregivers. As mothers, they may still have children at home who need attention and, as daughters, they sometimes have aging parents or other older family members who require assistance. (read more)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ASSOCiATED PRESS FILE Vic Fangio
Supposedly, every dog has its day and the underdog Philadelphia Eagles hope that day comes Sunday against the New England Patriots dynasty in Super Bowl LII.
Vic Fangio believes the Eagles definitely have a chance.
“They have a good enough defense to slow New England down and Philadelphia has a very balanced offense,” said Fangio, the Dunmore native who is defensive coordinator of the Chicago Bears. “They run the ball well and they throw quick well.”
Fangio is very familiar with the Eagles. The Bears faced them Nov. 26 in Philadelphia and lost, 31-3, as quarterback Carson Wentz threw three touchdown passes.
Two weeks later, however, Wentz suffered a season-ending knee injury and Nick Foles took over at quarterback.
Foles was erratic in the final three regular-season games — wins over the New York Giants and Oakland Raiders, a loss to the Dallas Cowboys — and the divisional playoff win over the Atlanta Falcons.
But in the NFC Championship game against the Minnesota Vikings, Foles threw for 352 yards and three touchdowns in a 38-7 win.
If the Eagles are to have any chance of winning, Fangio said, Foles must have a good passing day since they expect the Patriots defense to key on the Eagles running game.
“They (the Patriots) have a lot of versatile players, so they're going to try to change up things, change up the looks and the coverages, try to confuse (Foles) and make them hold the ball a little longer, make them make an errant throw into coverage,” Fangio said. “I expect them to come out with a focus to really do things to try to stop the run because Philadelphia does run the ball well.”
Another key for Foles and the Eagles is to keep drives alive.
Against the Vikings, the Eagles were 10 for 14 on third-down conversions. Fangio said the Eagles need to a similar effort in order to have a shot at winning.
As for the Eagles defense, Fangio believes it needs to rush four and put pressure on Patriots quarterback Tom Brady. They said the Jacksonville Jaguars did a good job of that in the first half of the AFC Championship Game before the Patriots adjusted in the second half.
“Pass protection will be critical because Philadelphia does rush the passer very well,” Fangio said.
Even if things don't go well for Brady early on, Fangio said the veteran quarterback will not get rattled.
Having tight end Rob Gronkowski back will help the Patriots. Gronkowski missed the second half of the game against the Jaguars with a concussion but has been cleared to play Sunday.
However, Fangio said the Patriots need someone else to step up in the passing game.
“Philadelphia covers well, so New England is going to have to find guys who can win some one-on-one coverage,” Fangio said. “They're going to have to find a receiver or two — whether it's (Brandin) Cooks, (Chris) Hogan or a back out of the backfield — that's going to have a big day besides Gronkowski.”
While they wouldn't offer a prediction, Fangio does think it will be an interesting game to watch.
“The Eagles were my childhood team growing up, so I'm trying to drum up some past feelings for them,” Fangio said. “Plus, I have some good friends in the organization.”
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 ext. 5109;
@swalshTT on Twitter
As publishers — scrambling for revenues and audiences in a rapidly changing media industry — try to get a grip on how to make the best use of social platforms like Facebook and Twitter (without simply conceding traffic to those social platforms), a startup that's building tools to help them surface interesting content has raised $6.4 million in funding to grow its business.
NewsWhip — which tracks what stories and themes are trending, along with influencers, and provides that data to publishers and brands so that they can follow the money, so to speak, and build out their editorial strategy — is getting its funding from two strategic investors, The Associated Press and Japanese newspaper Asahi Shimbun.
Also participating were VC firm Tribal Ventures, unnamed clients of investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald, and previous investors Enterprise Ireland, Matter VC, Social Starts, and AIB Seed Capital Fund.
The AP and Asahi Shimbun are already users of NewsWhip, alongside other media companies like the BBC and the Washington Post, as well as brands like MasterCard. Before this latest round, NewsWhip had raised under $3 million with previous investors including the AP, 500 Startups and others.
NewsWhip was founded in Ireland by Paul Quigley and Andrew Mullaney 2012 and started life as a would-be Flipboard competitor, providing news digests to the public by way of an app. These days, the app no longer exists and the company focuses solely on analytics and building out as a B2B business, with a database that it says contains millions of datapoints that may not otherwise be as easily tracked by its customers.
“Across the media ecosystem, NewsWhip is replacing hunches and guesswork with hard data and predictions. Each minute, we're matching content and stories with the people who need to know about them. Our long tail data helps shape editorial strategy at the most important media outlets and brands,” said Quigley, NewsWhip's CEO, in a statement.
It says this latest funding infusion will be used to grow out its tech even further. A measure of where it sees its ambitions going can be viewed in a product launch from Tuesday of this week: a new analytics product that NewsWhip says can provide social signals for all kinds of problems, from predicting elections to figuring out when to market a hot or cold coffee shop drink (and which specific drink it should be).
To be sure, there are thousands of market intelligence big data players in the market today, and one in particular, Dataminr, sounds like a close competitor to what NewsWhip is doing. Ultimately, it will be those whose insights can lead to the most rewards for their clients that will likely survive.
It seems for now that NewsWhip could be one of them.
“The Associated Press uses NewsWhip tools every day, and that tool set keeps expanding. We're excited to be a part of that growth,” said Jim Kennedy, SVP for Strategy and Enterprise Development at the AP, said in a statement. “From trend-spotting to historical analytics, NewsWhip is providing an essential view of the social news ecosystem.”
As well as using the funding for expanding its products, NewsWhip will also be hiring both in Dublin and its second HQ in New York. Areas where it's looking to bring on more talent include product, machine learning, commercial strategy and marketing and sales.
Along with this round Conor Stanley, founder of Tribal Ventures, will be joining the NewsWhip Board; the AP's Kennedy and a representative of Cantor Fitzgerald will also join the NewsWhip Board as observers.
Staff Reporter
The police has drafted comprehensive security plan around the Judicial Academy for the PM Nawaz Sharif appearance before Panama Joint Investigation Team (JIT) headed by Wajid Hussain on Thursday, June 15. Police said the adjoining areas and all roads leading to Judicial Academy will be sealed as three security walls will be erected around the Academy building while Commandos of Counter-terrorism will also be deployed for the assistance of the police. All the roads leading to the Judicial Academy will be sealed. Political workers will be restricted at sector H. The employees of the Judicial Academy will also be restricted in their offices during PM arrival. SSP operations and SSP security will make sure their presence before the Judicial Academy during PM appearance. On the other hand Capital development Authority (CDA) has started renovation, cleanliness and repairs of roads work around the Judicial Academy and sector H. Along the cleanliness CAD has also erected banners in favour of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif around the Judicial Academy inscribed with slogans of Nawaz Sharif Teri Azmat Ko Salam, Qadam Barhao Nawaz Sharif Hum Tery Sath Hain etc. PM's political advisor Asif Kirmani said that PM has halted the party workers to come at Judicial Academy and advised them remember them in their prayers.
SANTEE, S.C. (WOLO) - The Santee Police Department has released surveillance photos of two suspects they say were seen breaking into a business on January 29 and they need the public's help identifying them. Just after 11 p.m., the suspects…
One of Alfred Hitchcock's neglected masterpieces is their 1947 courtroom psychodrama The Paradine Case, the director's last contractual obligation under David O. Selznick, which resulted in some untoward casting compromises. A study in shifting power struggles laid over what would appear to be a routine courtroom drama, this subtle study on displaced objects of desire features some of Hitchcock's most impressive visual language as regards paranoia, suspicion, and control.
Lensed by Oscar winning DP Lee Garmes (who knew a thing or two about obsessively framed females having shot Marlene Dietrich in Josef von Sternberg's Morocco and Shanghai Express), Gregory Peck becomes uneasily infatuated with their client Alida Valli, an impeccable beauty charged with murdering their blind husband. Confusing their duties as lawyer with their desire to be their lover, lust and love create a subtext about the blind leading the blind as Hitchcock coils us tighter than Valli's coiffed tresses into its visual frenzy.
When Maddalena Paradine (Alida Valli) finds themselves arrested for suspicion of poisoning their rich, blind husband, a decorated WWI hero, family solicitor Sir Simon Flaquer (Charles Coburn) acquires the services of the young but famous barrister Tony Keane (Peck). Upon consulting their new client, Keane finds themselves falling in love with her, despite their eleven-year marriage to their wife Gay (Ann Todd). As the case progresses, Keane attempts to point suspicion at Paradine's faithful French Canadian valet Andre Latour (Louis Jordan) much to the chagrin of their beautiful, aloof client.
The Paradine Case arrived after Hitchcock's pair of Ingrid Bergman starrers Spellbound (1945) and Notorious (1946), reuniting them with star Gregory Peck of the former title, and before their then revolutionary Rope (1948), which had an undeniably queer subtext and was composed of ten seamless shots. Hitchcock was apparently keen to cast Bergman again (who would later appear in the unsuccessful Under Capricorn in 1949) and even Greta Garbo, but was rumored to have relinquished their principals and final cut of the film to producer David O. Selznick, with only Ann Todd hand selected by the director.
Whatever their purported lack of enthusiasm, it certainly isn't apparent in the intoxicating close-ups of Valli, in what would be the Italian star's introduction to a short-lived Hollywood career (following a scandal, they would return to Europe to appear in iconic films from Georges Franju and Luchino Visconti, their later career spiked with healthy doses of exploitation and genre films, such as Argento's Suspiria). And yet, she's a rather cold and inexpressive object of desire, keeping their overly helpful barrister at arm's length. Notably, their dead husband was a blind man, leading Peck's Keane to observe they were “his eyes,” and Valli would later appear as the procurer of young women for devious medical experiments in Eyes without a Face. But here, she's the center point in this murder of a nobleman, tainted by their relationship with their slavish valet, the winsome Louis Jordan. A jealous tension between the valet and the barrister informs the dramatic tension of the second half as we deduce just how dysfunctional the Paradine household was.
Class and gender issues are the intersecting forces at play in The Paradine Case, and how control can be usurped, at certain times, from the hands of the white, patriarchal hierarchy. Seemingly as a stand-in for Hitchcock themselves is Charles Laughton as a sneering judge (as their wife, a doddering Ethel Barrymore scored an Oscar nod for Best Supporting Actress), a master manipulator merely tolerated by beautiful women contending with their control, and one who finds Peck an overly emotional presence in the courtroom yet deviously makes a pass at Ann Todd during an otherwise uneventful dinner party. Todd, as boring and bland as their distressed trophy wife tends to be, is arguably the only real emotional component, having to contend with their husband's obvious attraction to a toxic femme fatale, and one whose fate will ultimately dictate the future of their marriage. In retrospect, their name provides a coincidental alignment with Jordan's Latour, the other powerless paramour—when a wife's name is Gay and their husband is no longer attracted to her, there's something unavoidably ‘queer' afoot.
The coded confusion of Louis Jordan's handsome valet is also of interest. Hitchcock reportedly regretted casting the handsome actor, wishing to have suggested something a bit more degrading by forcing Maddalina Paradine to not only desire someone below their station physically as well as socially, but also enhancing the slight of their physical rejection of their hotshot lawyer.
Much ado is made of how ‘queer' Jordan's valet is long before they appear on screen, an overprotective servant who is painted as a misogynistic dog who loathes women and wishes only to serve the will of their master. “He despises all women,” we're told, although this invariably is not the case. However, their powerlessness and subsequent tragic behavior leaves a shadow of a doubt about their own desires—which Paradine did they actually want to serve?
Because all of these toxic subtexts are all left naggingly unconfirmed, audiences are forced to contend with the superficial courthouse antics of The Paradine Case, which isn't quite as turbulent as all the unspoken elements underneath it. Andre Bazin raved about the film and Hitchcock's accomplishment here with a “famous impression of anxiety…due entirely to their speed and their frames of arrivals and departures.” In particular, Bazin cites one of the film's most stunning sequences as the camera pans around Jordan on the witness stand as Valli remains the centrifugal force.
The Paradine Case isn't so much about any of its main characters in pursuit of justice, but, perversely, for the fulfillment of each of their own selfish physical desires. Peck's usual irrefutable nobility is questioned from their first instance with Valli, as is Laughton's ability to be impartial. Todd's reluctant sacrifice for their husband's erotic fulfillment is questionable, and Valli's inscrutable femme fatale married a blind nobleman for their money but obviously forced another to meet them more amorous needs.
Adapted from a 1933 novel by Robert Hichens, Hitchcock's wife Alma Reville received credit for an adaptation they took over from James Bridie and Ben Hecht (Leave Them to Heaven), although Selznick apparently retooled this as well. The film's neurotic energies belie something much more devious than its simplified finale of punishment and forgiveness outwardly implies, as no one's cravings are actually satisfied. Most likely, it's no mistake Reville imbued Todd's long suffering wife the only possible pseudo satisfaction, returned to a marriage where she's only too aware of their husband's limited desire for them
Disc Review:
Kino Lorber releases this Hitchcock title as part of their Studio Classics, presented in 1.33:1. Picture and sound quality are pristine (the release offers a restoration comparison), and Garmes' sumptuous close-ups and Valli are accentuated by a score from Franz Waxman. Kino takes pains to include several bonus features (including an audio commentary track from Hitchcock authors Stephen Rebello and Bill Krohn).
Hitchcock/Truffaut – Icon Interviews Icon:
A thirteen minute audio clip of a moderated interview between Francois Truffaut and Hitchcock pertaining to The Paradine Case.
Cecilia & Carey Peck:
Gregroy Peck's children Cecilia and Carey share memories their father shared with them on Hitchcock in this eight minute segment.
1949 Radio Play:
The 1949 radio play version is included here, with Joseph Cotton in Peck's role, while Alida Valli and Louis Jordan reprise theirs.
Peter Bogdanovich Interviews Hitchcock:
A near sixteen minute audio excerpt of Peter Bogdanovich interviewing Hitchcock on The Paradine Case is included here.
Final Thoughts:
More than just an excellent example of Hitchcock's craftsmanship, The Paradine Case is an intriguing stew of subverted desire and the denial of satisfaction, and remains one of the auteur's most subtly perverse offerings.
Film Rating: ★★★★/☆☆☆☆☆
Disc Rating: ★★★/☆☆☆☆☆
Easter is a holiday with a distinct color palette of joyous pastel hues. From rainbow-dyed eggs to unnaturally pink and yellow Peeps, there is no shade too bold. And with rabbits, bunnies, and lambs serving as mascots, it seems no decoration is too cutesy. Celebrities are not immune to the spring fever, either. Take Sarah Jessica Parker's dozens of perfectly colored eggs or Jesse Tyler Ferguson's confetti coconut cake; there's no better time to embrace a theme. Of course, you can always go traditional—take Kris Jenner's white roses, for example, or Ina Garten's seaside tablescape. One celebrity who chose an off-the-beaten-path tradition? Katie Couric, who displayed an Easter egg tree. See below for more Easter decor inspiration from the stars.
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Business News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: citinewsroom.com
Salifu Sa-eed with Ghana's Ambassador to Iran, Hajj Sayuti Yahaya
The Northern Regional Coordinating Council (NRCC) has launched a project dubbed, “Northern Development First” to showcase the region's investment potential to foreign investors.
The Northern Regional Minister, Salifu Sa-eed officially launched the project in the Islamic Republic of Iran, where they led a high-powered delegation to renew the region and the Iranian government's bilateral relations.
Ghana's Ambassador to Iran, Hajj Sayuti Yahaya Iddi spearheaded the event which brought together Iranian business moguls.
Salifu Sa-eed told Citi News that the delegation had fruitful discussions with the Iranian investor community on the Northern Region's development agenda.
“The investor community is very happy with the visit and indicated that their first delegation of business people and investors will visit the region in about three weeks' time.”
They encouraged the Iranian business community to support the region in the agricultural, educational and health sectors.
According to him, the Ghanaian delegation also met with Iranian officials from the ministries of Industry, Mines and Trade, Health and Medical Education.
They said government will continue with the economic co-operation and strengthen the diplomatic ties between the two countries.
The Iranian government has been supportive of rural communities in the Northern Region.
The support covers projects on health, agriculture and education which are vital to the development of deprived communities.
The goodwill between Ghana and the Islamic Republic of Iran dates back to the 1950's.
Cyclone Maarutha made landfall on Myanmar's Rakhine coast on Monday night. It was first classified as a tropical depression on April 15 in the Bay of Bengal, but was never expected to be a major cyclone. Winds were expected to gust to 100 kilometres per hour and some wind damage was reported in Yangon but the real risk was always to be from rain. aljazeera-en 1:19:00 PM CEST
Around £1,300 was raised at a Venetian Masquerade Ball held at The Fleet in Fletton to raise money for the chosen charities of Mayor of Peterborough Cllr John Fox.
The black tie event included an Italian three-course meal and music from singer Zoe McLean and Vittorio's Disco.
Mayoress Cllr Judy Fox said Zoe's music “blew everybody away,” and they paid a special thanks to Iain Forsythe, founder and managing director of Premier Kitchens & Bedrooms (pictured back row, second from the right) for sponsoring the event.
Judy (pictured front row, third from the right) added: “It was an absolutely fantastic evening, It was nice to see everybody enjoying themselves. Thank you to everyone who came.” The mayor is pictured on the end of the front row.
Published:
These photos show how residents of Enugu, Abia, Ebonyi state complied with the Sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB on May 30th to mark Biafra Day.
The proscribed group ordered their members to sit at home to remember their leaders who died in the struggle for the actualization of Biafra. See more photos below...
Share This
This is the worst series ever - Chandimal making no excuses as Sri Lanka crumble
Sri Lanka collapsed to another heavy defeat against India and Dinesh Chandimal pulled no punches after a resounding 3-0 series whitewash.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 20:46 IST
Sri Lanka's Dinesh Chandimal, in action here against England in 2014
Dinesh Chandimal branded Sri Lanka's humiliating 3-0 whitewash at the hands of India as "the worst series ever".
After losing the opening two matches by 304 runs and an innings and 53, Sri Lanka crumbled again in the third and final Test as India cemented their place as the number-one ranked side, wrapping up victory by an innings and 171 runs inside three days.
Bowled out for 135 in response to the tourists' 487, Sri Lanka were asked to follow on and resumed on Monday one wicket down.
But resistance was minimal as Ravichandran Ashwin (4-68) and Mohammed Shami (3-32) did the bulk of the damage in rolling out their hosts for a paltry 181.
3rd Test: India won by an innings and 171 runs to clinch the series 3-0. IND 487 v SL 135 & 181-all out (74.3 Ovs) #SLvIND pic.twitter.com/UF31gzb9Kt — Sri Lanka Cricket (@OfficialSLC) August 14, 2017
"This was the toughest series in my career, no doubt," said captain Chandimal. "The reason being that we were not able to take the games to five days. There have been four-day Tests and three-day Tests.
"This is the worst series ever. It's pretty tough for the team and me. Credit goes to India, they have played outstandingly well in the series.
"I am disappointed that if we could have dragged the game to the fifth day we could have learned something, but losing within two and half days you cannot give any excuses.
"As captain, I would like to take the responsibility. The fans have always supported us. They encourage us always. Today we saw despite losing, people applauding us. That is what the team needs now.
"We cannot let the players be mentally down. We are doing the process right. We might not get results soon, but we are confident that the future looks good.
"I would say the main concern is injuries. The Australia series we had everyone fit. No injuries whatsoever. Everyone chipped in. This series, there are so many injuries starting from Nuwan Pradeep, Suranga Lakmal, Rangana Herath and then Asela Gunaratne.
"They played some really good cricket in the last six months. That's the main issue. I don't want to give excuses. We have to perform better than this."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People who receive gift vouchers for Christmas risk finding they're worthless when the time comes to spend them.
Gift vouchers from a number of high street retailers expire in just 12 months with the countdown beginning on the date of purchase.
Shockingly, up until recently Ocado gift vouchers were valid for just eight weeks - on that time scale if you'd bought them a week before Christmas, by Valentine's they would no longer work, leaving the recipient empty-handed.
However, after pressure from the media, the online supermarket upped voucher validity to a year.
The dangers of vouchers
Gift vouchers have long been the default Christmas present for people tricky to buy for.
Many shops are now phasing out paper vouchers and selling reloadable gift cards instead. Several big brands, including Marks & Spencer, Next and Amazon also sell “e-gift cards” or “e-vouchers”.
But an investigation by Which? found only a handful of retailers let you spend money on a gift voucher or gift card indefinitely.
The rest pocket any leftover cash after a certain period of time – the UK Gift Card & Voucher Association puts the figure at about £300million a year.
“Shops make millions from unclaimed or expired gift cards, which is why they put expiry dates on them, in the hope people will forget to use them in time,” said Hannah Maundrell, editor-in-chief of money.co.uk
“This seems really unfair and it would be great to see shops ditch expiry dates on gift cards all together.”
The vouchers with the shortest time limits (and the ones that NEVER expire)
Until it changed its rules, Ocado was by far the worst offender with its former eight-week limit - but popular retailers including JD Sports, Love2shop, Pandora, Sunglasses Hut, Ted Baker, Westfield all have a limit of just 12 months on gift vouchers.
The standard expiry time is two years. Boots, Debenhams, House of Fraser, H&M, H.Samuel, John Lewis, M&S, New Look, River Island, and Topshop, among others, all offer a 24-month limit on when vouchers can be used. Argos' gift vouchers expire three years from purchase, Tesco five years, and Amazon 10 years.
Only a minority of retailers, including Selfridges, the Apple Store and Disney sell gift cards or vouchers which never expire.
James Daley, founder of Fairer Finance, says there's no good reason why shops should put expiry dates on gift cards at all. “They only do it as it's convenient for them from an accounting perspective. But from a customer perspective, it's just bad practice," they said.
“It's all too easy to put a gift card in the drawer when you get it. If you did that with a £20 note, it would still be there for you to use when you stumbled upon it. But with gift cards, the value can evaporate under your nose.”
Other concerns
It's not just voucher expiry dates shoppers have to worry about. If a retailer goes bust, its gift vouchers can become worthless overnight. There is no set rule on the status of gift cards in the event of a company going bust – it tends to be up to the administrator.
However, generally, gift voucher holders will be low down the pecking order of creditors.
There have been several high-profile company failures in recent years, such as BHS, American Apparel, Comet and Austin Reed, which have left people with gift cards they can't use.
“You could get extra protection for gift cards over £100 if you pay with your credit card. If the retailer was to go bust you could claim your money back from your credit card provider thanks to Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act,” said money.co.uk's Maundrell.
Some gift vouchers also come with restrictions on what they can be spent on. For example, Harvey Nichols gift cards can't be redeemed online while House of Fraser vouchers can't be used to purchase large kitchen appliances online.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christopher Dean is one half of the world-famous skating duo Torvill and Dean.
Two years ago, after finishing the final series of ITV's Dancing on Ice with their skating partner Jayne Torvill , they suffered a cancer scare. Here, the dad of two, 58, who lives with ex-Dancing on Ice judge Karen Barber in Colorado Springs, US, talks about what their body has endured.
I had not long finished the final series of Dancing on Ice in 2014 when I started to get bad stomach pains. In fact, they were agonising.
Until that point, the only thing that had been wrong with me was injuries I had incurred from skating.
Luckily, I was due to have a routine medical check-up and it involved a colonoscopy. When the results came back, they showed I had a 2cm growth, what is known as a polyp, on my colon.
I had never heard about polyps but my doctor explained they are growths on the inside lining of the colon and they said a biopsy was needed to ­establish if it was cancerous or not.
(Photo: Getty)
I was told about the various types of polyps – hyperplastic and inflammatory polyps do not carry a risk of developing into cancer, but my doctor was convinced I had a adenoma or adenomatous polyp. Considered pre-cancerous, if left alone they can turn into colon cancer .
I found myself preparing for the fact I might have a life-changing illness.
For two weeks, I thought I might need a serious operation that would have involved taking away a good chunk of my stomach.
It was the longest two weeks of my life not knowing if I was going to live or die – it was a scary prospect being faced with my own mortality.
Luckily, in the end the biopsy results came back and the polyp was benign and I didn't need to have them removed. I can't tell you the relief I felt and it really did help me put things into perspective about the previous skating injuries I had incurred.
Karen was an amazing support, too, and they were calm and reassuring.
I have been told that I need to have a check-up every five years. But the body is an amazing tool and it strives to repair itself as much as it can.
I am surprised I am still skating after all my injuries – and at my age as well.
(Photo: Getty)
I have had a rotator cuff injury, a bicep tendon tear, an AC joint injury and a bulging disc. They have all in some fashion been repaired but as you get older you have to put more work into staying fit and healthy, and your body is your tool.
My most recent injury was an AC joint injury [the joint formed between the collarbone and the tip of the shoulder blade] about two months ago when I had a really bad fall on the ice.
I had to have cortisone injections in my shoulder to settle it down.
I like to think I am still physically fit because of skating – it's dominated my life since I was nine or 10 years old.
I've been involved in choreography for my new show, Holiday on Ice's Believe, and I was on the ice five days a week for up to five hours every day.
When I am back home in Colorado Springs, I love to get on my bike. Running is too high impact a sport for me and it plays havoc with my joints so I prefer to get out on two wheels.
I also try to do circuits at the gym every other day and work with my personal trainer, Luke, for one hour, three times a week. They put me through HIT training and I use kettle bells and battle ropes for ­conditioning exercises. I have been doing that for the last five or six years and it has definitely given me more energy and more strength.
It's hard to believe I am going to turn 60 in just over a year's time.
I still think I am 20 in my head but it's the symptoms of an injury that bring me up with a jolt. You find you don't bounce back as quickly.
One thing I do watch a bit more is what I eat. I consume fewer carbs. I think as you get older, it is harder to burn them off. I prefer a more protein-based diet, with chicken and salad.
(Photo: Getty)
My aim in 2017 is to try and keep as physically fit as I can and, who knows, it could also be the year that ITV brings back Dancing on Ice.
It's great that I still get to work with Jayne and we are currently starring in panto as Cinderella's fairy godparents at the Bristol Hippodrome. Part of it involves going around the stage on rollerblades, which is great fun.
We have not had any tumbles yet although I do have to be careful of my lower back. I've got a bulging disc but it's not hurting me right now, luckily.
It is gruelling doing 12 performances a week but we are still physically fit and can keep up the pace.
I can't wait to go scuba diving in the Caribbean afterwards with my two sons, Jack and Sam [by their ex-wife, Jill Trenary]. It's very tranquil under the sea and I like the escapism of it. It's good for the mind and the soul.
POLYPS: The facts
Jonathan Wilson, Consultant Colorectal & General Surgeon at The Wellington Hospital (part of HCA Healthcare UK) says:
“The vast majority of polyps will never turn into cancer, but when they do, it can take 10-15 years of slow growth and genetic change, and this is a silent process with minimal or no symptoms in most patients.
“Christopher's polyp was only discovered after having a colonoscopy but it is a perfect screening opportunity for identifying these silent polyps and removing them, thereby removing the cancer risk.
“Most polyps, once identified during an endoscopy, are removed there and then. They're sent to the pathologist to determine whether they contain any cancerous tissue. The vast majority are still benign.
“If all cancer is removed within the polyp, surgery may not be necessary. If it is, even with keyhole surgery to remove the affected section of colon, this is still major surgery with a potential mortality rate of 3%.”
The DeLorean name is iconic thanks largely to Back to the Future, in which one of the original automaker's cars was turned into a time machine by ‘Doc' Emmett Brown. Now, the original DeLorean founder's nephew is working on making flying cars a reality, with their own aerospace company.
Paul DeLorean's DeLorean aerospace isn't actually aiming to exactly replicate the scene from Back to the Future in which the time machine takes off as an airborne vehicle. But it is trying to create a vertical take-off and landing craft (VTOL) that would be able to operate in a roughly similar manner, and it's hoping to have a full-sized prototype ready within a year's time, according to Wired.
DeLorean's first aircraft is called the DR-7 VTOL, and it looks like something out of a much more modern sci-fi film. There are two turbines for propulsion, as well as a two-seat cockpit about mid-body. The plan is to make it a fully electric vehicle, and DeLorean has already completed two small-scale models, including a one-third scale engineering model.
Eventually, the hope is to build a final piloted craft that can travel for 120 miles on a full charge, with a body length of 20 feet and a width of 18.5 across the sides stretch of its wingspan. The range is the biggest challenge and its potential standout point among the competition, given that other prototype designs have much shorter projected ranges.
Flying cars have always been cause for imaginative flights of fancy, but more and more they're becoming targets for actual engineering efforts at big aerospace companies and technology startups. Who knows: Maybe the next Back to the Future will feature an entirely different kind of DeLorean, for which flight is nothing special.
ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Azad Jammu & Kashmir (AJK) Raja Muhammad Farooq Haider Khan called on caretaker Prime Minister Justice (Retd) Nasir-ul-Mulk at PM Office here on Wednesday and discussed with them issues of bilateral interests.
Overall situation in Azad Jammu & Kashmir in general and the plight of the innocent people of Indian occupied Jammu & Kashmir in particular came under discussion during the meeting.
Condemning the reign of state sponsored terrorism as well as grave human rights violations perpetrated by the Indian occupation forces on the unarmed civilians of Indian occupied Jammu & Kashmir, Justice (Retd) Nasir-ul-Mulk stated that the international community must play its role for the realization of the right to self-determination to the Kashmiri people as promised to them through the UNSC relevant Resolutions.
The caretaker Prime Minister reaffirmed moral, political and diplomatic support of the people and the Government of Pakistan to the people of Indian occupied Jammu & Kashmir in their legitimate struggle for their right to self-determination
Share on: WhatsApp
T-Mobile and Sprint could announce a merger before the end of October, bringing the U.S. carrier number down to three.
If it seems like talks of a T-Mobile and Sprint merger have been going on for years, that's because they have – either officially or just murmurings in the rumor mill. Informal discussions between SoftBank and Deutsche Telekom (Sprint and T-Mobile's biggest shareholders respectively) began in May, and a new report suggests that we could see a merger between the two carriers by the end of October.
According to people that are familiar with the matter, Sprint and T-Mobile are working with one another to finalize the merger so that an official announcement can be made at the end of the month when each carrier presents its quarterly earnings to shareholders. The deal is expected to be an all-stock one, and the last major step that needs to be made is for a final valuation to be placed on Sprint.
T-Mobile currently has a market valuation of $52 billion, and with Sprint's stock price falling two-percent on Friday, it currently has a value of around $29 billion. Sprint's been trying to play catchup to T-Mobile, AT&T, and Verizon for a number of years now, but apparently, the carrier's numerous attempts haven't been enough.
T-Mobile will be avoiding the same mistake that AT&T made six years ago.
Assuming the merger goes through, there reportedly won't be any sort of breakup fee. AT&T tried to acquire T-Mobile back in in 2011, but when it failed to do so, had to pay the carrier a breakup fee of $4 billion – effectively giving T-Mobile a nice financial boost for working its way up to the number three largest wireless carrier in the United States.
With no breakup fee in place between T-Mobile and Sprint, neither carrier will face any sort of financial penalties if the deal fails to go through for whatever reason.
The United States has had four major phone carriers for a number of years now, so it'll be interesting to see how the marketplace changes (if at all) with only thee companies to choose from. We still have a way to go before the end of the month to find out what happens for sure, but either way, we're anxious to see what ends up happening.
T-Mobile announces #HR4HR to donate $1 million or more towards hurricane relief
Have your say
Another busy Saturday of football sees 10 Yorkshire teams in action. Follow updates from your club right here.
Huddersfield travels to Manchester United in the Premier League while Leeds United and Sheffield Wednesday have key home games in the Championship.
Robert Spitzer, chairperson of the political science department at SUNY Cortland, who watches the gun industry closely, said they were surprised.
Still, they said, "it's a pretty small concession in the realm of gun stuff. We're not talking about banning assault weapons here. It's a very specific accessory."
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It was created ostensibly to help people with disabilities more easily fire AK- and AR-platform long guns.
The device causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly "bumping" the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is "spraying" bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
The stocks have been around for less than a decade. Many Capitol Hill Republicans said this week they had never even heard of them before the shooting in Las Vegas. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms during the Obama administration gave its seal of approval to their sale in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law.
Now, some Republicans appear inclined to blame the Obama administration for allowing their use in the first place.
"We have to get more education on what they are," Ryan said. "Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some years ago?"
The issue of bump stocks came up aboard Air Force One as President Donald Trump travelled back from visiting Las Vegas on Wednesday, according to GOP Rep. Mark Amodei of Nevada, who was on board and said Trump sounded open to a change.
But Democrats insisted that a regulatory change by the ATF would not be sufficient.
"Federal regulations won't be able to fully close this loophole," said Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, who introduced a bill this week to ban the devices. "Legislation would make crystal clear that Congress is banning all devices that allow a weapon to achieve an automatic rate of fire, regardless of how a weapon is altered."
It was uncertain whether Congress would go that far.
At the same time, the attention on the devices was already causing an industry response. Slide Fire, the leading maker of bump stocks, suspended sales of the items. In a post on its website, the company said it was not taking any new orders "to provide the best service with those already placed."
___
Associated Press writer Lisa Marie Pane contributed from Atlanta.
By Erica Werner, The Associated Press
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Detroit Tigers pitching prospect Franklin Perez is expected to miss at least three months with a right lat strain.
The Tigers say Perez was injured in a minor league game Sunday. There is no surgery recommended at this point, but the recovery is expected to take a minimum of 12 weeks.
Perez, a 20-year-old right-hander, was acquired by Detroit in the trade that sent Justin Verlander to Houston last season. Perez went 6-3 with a 3.02 ERA across two levels of the minors last year. They made 10 starts at Class A and six at Double-A. Baseball America tabbed Perez as Detroit's top prospect this off-season.
The rebuilding Tigers aren't expected to contend this year, but Perez figured to be a prospect to watch, no matter where in Detroit's system they ended up pitching.
"A Town” in the new city of Bismayah, Iraq (Hanwha Engineering and Construction)
Korean firm Hanwha Engineering and Construction received about $560 million in construction fees last week from the Iraqi government for its ongoing new city project, the company said Monday.The company has been building a 1,830-hectare new city called “A Town” in Bismayah, 10 kilometers southeast of Baghdad. This is the largest single project a Korean constructor has won overseas.The firm bagged the new town construction deal with the Iraqi government for $8 billion in May 2012. The two parties inked an additional deal for building social infrastructure at $2.1 billion won in April 2015, with the total accumulated contract surpassing $10.1 billion.With the collected contract fee, the company was able to cover all accounts receivable, alleviating the liquidity status and improving the financial health of the company.The Iraqi government made the payment through loans from the state-run bank after taking over the completed houses of the new city.Korea's Export-Import Bank and Korea Trade Insurance Corporation also provided support for the payment process, the company said.“The latest payment enabled (the company) to reconfirm the Iraqi government's full support and trust toward the company and the new city project. (Hanwha E&C) will contribute to raising new jobs in Iraq by actively hiring more construction manpower,” said Hanwha E&C CEO Choi Kwang-ho.Last month, Choi held a talk with Iraq's Prime Minister Haid er al-Abadi in Iraq and reported the high satisfaction level of the new town residents.The prime minister vowed further full support for the construction, it added.With construction about 30 percent completed, the company eyes building 100,000 houses and about 300 institutions, including schools, hospitals and public facilities.The new city will consist of eight towns. About 5,000 households so far have moved in to the first town.The company is hoping for more construction opportunities in Iraq amid the settling civil war while the global oil price has rebounded.By Lee Hyun-jeong (rene@heraldcorp.com)
State Releases Videos Made By Parkland, Fla., Shooting Defendant
Enlarge this image toggle caption Taimy Alvarez/AP Taimy Alvarez/AP
Prosecutors have released three cellphone videos recorded by Nikolas Cruz, in which they described their plans for the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla. Some of the videos appear to have been recorded the day of the shooting.
In one, Cruz says, "This is the day, the day that it all begins." In another, they lay out plans for the shooting. "My name is Nik. And I'm to be the next school shooter of 2018. My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple of tracer rounds."
They talk about taking Uber to the high school, going upstairs to use their weapon to shoot people in the courtyard below. Law enforcement officials say Cruz tried to shoot from inside the building into the courtyard but was unable to penetrate the school's impact-resistant glass.
The videos provide little insight into a motive for Cruz's February attack on the school in which 17 people died and at least 17 were injured. "I had enough of being told what to do," they say. "I had enough of ... telling me I'm an idiot and a dumbass. In real life, you're all the dumbass."
Prosecutors are likely to present the videos at trial as evidence the attack was premeditated. Cruz's defense lawyers have said they would agree to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence. The state attorney says he'll seek the death penalty against Cruz.
I've been on a networking mission as of late. In an effort to create a free online community for entrepreneurs and business owners, I have been speaking to as many people as possible through in-person meetups, social media and other various online communication.
Entrepreneurs have to motivate and support their team, while holding them accountable, in order to be successful. But, what about when it comes to holding ourselves accountable? This is one topic that came up often -- and one that I discussed in detail with a handful of entrepreneurs. Those discussions led to this list of six ways to hold yourself accountable, which can help you crush your goals.
1. Write everything down
This is one thing that I take to the extreme simply because I am a very visual person. Writing down everything, from to-do lists to short and long-term goals, just works for me. I like to see them constantly, which allows me to focus on each one.
I write my daily to-do lists on multiple sticky notes and place them all over my monitor, and as I complete them, I take them off and toss them in the trash. Those bright colored sticky notes stare me in the face, and my goal is to rid my monitor of them as quickly as possible every day.
Derek Jansen, who founded Grad Coach, writes down both short-term and long-term goals in a journal. They say, "I like to create a plan to reach every goal, which are all part of my big picture plan. Having them in writing and constantly looking at them results in me obsessing over them and working hard to make sure each one is accomplished."
Like Jansen, my goals are written down -- they are on a large whiteboard that hangs above my standing desk. It's literally impossible for me not to constantly look at them -- they stare me in the face while I work.
Related: How to Manage Time With 10 Tips That Work
2. Identify your personal mission statement
I have a very simple mission statement: Live life to the fullest, work relentlessly to create amazing companies and brands and give selflessly.
"Your personal mission statement doesn't have to be a long-winded statement. It simply needs to define you as a person and define what it is that you are working toward each and every day," says Xie Zhuopeng, CEO of IoT Chain.
Zhuopeng's definition of what a mission statement needs to be is spot-on. Using mine as an example, it explains who I am and what I get out of bed every morning for. Recite it in your head every morning or print it out and hang it in your office. When your mission statement fuels your fire, you know that you have found the right passions and path.
Related: Get it Done: 35 Habits of the Most Productive People (Infographic)
3. Reward your accomplishments and milestones
I used to never take vacations -- I would work nonstop with very little breaks. It was so unhealthy and had a negative impact on my heath and overall happiness. Once I came to terms with the fact that it was not only fine to take vacations, but actually beneficial, I started to use accomplishments and milestones as indications of when I would take off and unplug to recharge.
Frank Grimes, President of The Associates Home Loan of Florida feels that this approach almost forces you to get away for a much-needed recharge. "It's very easy to make an excuse and say that you will take a longer vacation next year, but it's important to step away occasionally to regroup and just relax. Rewarding myself with a vacation to my favorite destination every year helps me reach personal goals, while also feeling like the time off is well-deserved," they say.
I too have a favorite destination, and that's Hawaii. For me, it's the perfect setting -- the beach, the vibe and the activities -- and I always return fully recharged and full of new ideas.
Related: 5 Habits of the Wealthy That Helped Them Get Rich
4. Create micro-goals
Micro-goals are responsible for several successful brand launches that I have been a part of. When you identify several smaller goals, and commit to hitting each one, it keeps you accountable in terms of the overall success of the end goal.
When we launched an ecommerce brand in a week, it was a result of a well thought out plan that had several micro-goals we needed to knock out of the park -- manufacturer, branding, website, logistics, financial goals, marketing plan and the launch. Without the smaller goals identified we would never have gone to launch in a week's time.
Related: 10 Simple Things Successful People Do Every Morning (Infographic)
5. Review your performance
As an entrepreneur, it's important that you are brutally honest with yourself. In the end, it's you that is responsible for your success or failure. I'm constantly reviewing my own performance, and I'm not afraid to tell myself when my performance is not up to par.
If you really want to be held accountable, constantly keep yourself in check. "As a business owner, if you start to slack, and your sales slow and business is down, there isn't anyone to blame but yourself. A business owner that blames others is destined to fail, because they or they would rather point fingers rather than review their own performance," says Ozer Taysun, of Westchase Roofing Services, a business they founded ten years ago.
Taysun is correct -- blaming someone else is an excuse that unsuccessful entrepreneurs makes. If your personal performance is suffering, own up to it and commit to making a change. If you don't review your performance, who will?
6. Seek feedback from your team
I just talked about reviewing your own performance above, and it's very effective -- as long as you are honest with yourself. If you want completely unbiased feedback, ask your team.
You might be thinking, "Employees won't be completely honest with their feedback because they don't want to get fired," but that won't apply to most businesses, provided you have nurtured a strong company culture within their business.
Walmart this morning announced it's acquiring a leading outdoor retailer Moosejaw for approximately $51 million in an all-cash deal. Headquartered in Madison Heights, Michigan, the retailer has both a large online presence and 10 physical stores across Michigan and the midwest U.S. Walmart says it will allow Moosejaw to continue to operate its website and stores as a standalone and complementary brand going forward, much as it has with other recent acquisitions.
The news follows Walmart's acquisition of online footwear retailer ShoeBuy last month, which took place by way of Jet.com, a company Walmart itself purchased last summer for $3 billion. With the addition of Moosejaw, Walmart now operates a number of standalone brands, including also Hayneedle Inc., another Jet.com purchase, as well as Sam's Club.
Moosejaw recently made Internet Retailer's 2017 “Hot 100” list, but Walmart's interest in the retailer has a lot to do with the category it operates in and the industry relationships it brings to the table.
Clothing and accessories became the largest online retail category for the first time in 2015, according to comScore, and is now an area of increased competition in the e-commerce industry.
Amazon, for example, has been rapidly expanding into clothing with the addition of its own vertical, Amazon Fashion, where it now sells items from over a half dozen private label brands. It's reportedly working on its own workout clothing and its own bras, too. Yesterday, it was also reported to be launching its own-label fashion in the U.K.
The Moosejaw deal will give Walmart another entry point into this popular online retail category, as the retailer offers over 120,000 SKUs from more than 400 apparel brands, including Patagonia, The North Face, Marmot, Arc'Teryx and others. Beyond clothing and accessories, the store carries related gear for climbing, hiking, camping, snow sports, yoga, swimming and biking.
The deal closed late in the day on February 13th, and will see Moosejaw CEO Eoin Comerford, their executive team, and Moosejaw's 350-plus employees joining Walmart's new U.S. e-commerce retail organization. The employees will continue to be based in Michigan, but Comerford will now oversee the outdoor category for Walmart e-commerce, the retail organization now headed by Scott Hilton.
“We're thrilled to join Walmart's eCommerce team and look forward to the opportunity to lead the outdoor vertical across their online presence,” said Comerford, in a statement. “Our new relationship puts us in a unique position to manage these marketplaces for our brand partners, but inclusion on Jet.com or any of Walmart's e-commerce sites is 100% at each brand's discretion.”
As with Jet.com, Moosejaw will continue to be consumer-facing standalone brand, but integrations behind the scenes could help Walmart. Jet and Walmart merged their warehousing and supply chain operations, allowing Walmart to roll out free, 2-day shipping without a membership in January.
In Moosejaw's case, Walmart will gain access to the industry relationships the retailer has with top apparel brands, which will allow Walmart to discuss carrying those brands on other storefronts, like Walmart.com, Jet or ShoeBuy.
“There's going to be a lot of integration on the backend,” explains Walmart spokesperson Ravi Jariwala, about the deal's impact at Walmart. “[This will include] things like taking advantage of the bigger scale and leveraging those costs for things like shipping rates, credit card fees, and transaction processing fees,” they said.
Jariwala also noted that operating Hayneedle independently worked out well for Jet.com, and this is how Walmart will proceed with Moosejaw as well.
“That's a model we're looking to replicate,” they said.
Image credit: Getty Images; Ascent Xmedia/taxi
NBC News reports the FBI issued an urgent bulletin, urging persons with a home or small office internet router to turn it off then back on... ASAP... as a temporary way to ward off the spreading of the Russian linked malware, VPNFilter.
Routers from Linksys, MikroTik, Netgear and TP-Link have been among the brands most affected, according to a report by Talos, the security division of Cisco, reporting VPNFilter malware has targeted at least 500,000 networking devices, worldwide.
When a router is infected with VPNFilter malware, hackers could possibly use it launch more attacks, collect personal or business data, block network traffic, or completely disable your router.
Shuman Ghosemajumder, Chief Technology Officer at Shape Security, told NBC News, "More than half a million routers have been identified already as being compromised, so I think there are a significant number of devices that have been affected and it is difficult to estimate how many devices could be affected in the coming days or week.”
Learn more, HERE!
• Confess and repent of past sins: Many congregations were formed in a fit of “white flight” from cities. Many Christian schools, particularly in the South, were explicitly created to preserve racial segregation in an era of court-ordered desegregation. Christians and church leaders must ask themselves how much they have acknowledged their own history. Have they gone through their church records and rulings to tell the full story of how their church, community, or denomination has cooperated with white supremacy? A failure to face white supremacy in the past will lead to a failure to confront it in the present.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump was given an ugly 'welcome home' on their first return to their New York penthouse since becoming President.
Thousands of angry protesters filled the streets opposite Trump Tower in Manhattan carrying placards denouncing Trump and chanted: "New York hates you"
Trump sunk to a new low over the weekend when they took three days to finally condemn white supremacists who sparked violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
It left protester Heather Heyer dead while two State Troopers also died when their helicopter crashed during the security operation.
Far-right supporter James Alex Fields Jr, 20, has been charged with murder over Heather's death after they ploughed their car into a crowd.
A further 20 were injured.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Despite the horror, Trump only issued a hurried condemnation of the neo-Nazi thugs after days of intense criticism.
Speaking from the White House, the President said racist violence had "no place in America" and branded racism "evil."
Fury as Donald Trump refuses to directly condemn white supremacists who chanted Nazi slogan in Charlottesville rally
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
Downing Street says Donald Trump's statements are 'a matter for him' after they fail to directly condemn white supremacists
But it was too little too late for many who believe the President has emboldened far-Right extremists in the US with their racist comments.
They will stay in Trump Tower on Monday night for the first time since their inauguration in January.
And protesters made sure the 71-year-old New Yorker faced an unpleasant return home.
Dozens of sanitation trucks were lined up in front of the hotel to protect the lobby, but in the end the President's motorcade snuck in via a side entrance.
Trump returned to Washington from their New Jersey golf club on Monday morning to take meetings.
(Image: Splash News)
They met with FBI director Andrew McCabe and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and announced the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the Charlottesville car attack.
Trump said: "To anybody who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered.
"As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before, no matter the colour of our skin, we all live under the same laws. We all salute the same great flag. And we are all made by the same almighty god.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
"We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
They added: "Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America."
They paid tribute to the young woman killed in the attack, Heather Heyer.
"He death fills us with grief," they said. "And we send their family our thoughts, our prayers and our love."
They also paid tribute to the two Virginia state troopers, Jay Cullen and Berke Bates, who died in a helicopter accident while policing the rally.
{"id":46843960,"title":"President Trump participates in 139th White House Easter Egg Roll","duration":"21:01","description":"ABC News' Katherine Faulders reports from the White House South Lawn on the 139th annual White House Easter Egg Roll.","url":"/US/video/president-trump-participates-139th-white.... ABCnews 6:05:00 PM CEST
Security startup Canary is bringing a handful of new features to its camera products, the all-in-one and Flex. Most notable here is the addition of two-way audio, which has been conspicuously absent from the company's products and ranks as their “most demanded feature,” according to Canary.
The feature lets users speak through the camera, using a mobile device with the Canary app installed. That means you can talk to kids, nannies or speak to pets — which is something I definitely don't do. I do, however, speak to number of security camera makers, and they tell me that many users want this kind of feature enabled as a way to scare off would-be intruders, the minute the device's motion detector is triggered.
Terrifying a potential burglar sounds fairly cathartic and is a pretty solid argument for picking up a security cam in and of itself.
That feature is available now for the standard all-in-one Canary camera and is hitting the Flex next month. Oddly, it requires a membership to Canary's $10 a month subscription plan to utilize, as does desktop streaming from the company's newly introduced Web app. That feature moves surveillance beyond Android and iOS to the PC, which should make it easier to check in on things while you're at work.
In addition to those features, the company says it's also reduced the latency of real-time streaming to the app, which should make the two-way talk functionality less like watching a bad CNN satellite hook up. Notably absent in all of this is Echo Show functionality. Live views of security cams is one of the device's most killer functions, and Amazon seems to have enlisted just about all of the connected security camera companies other than Canary.
Now that this refreshed functionality has arrived, hopefully that's next up on the company's feature list.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (R) with Chinese President Xi Jinping ahead of the Brics Summit, in Goa on 15 October 2016. Photo: PIB
Amid the understandable focus on the backlash against globalization so apparent around the world, with the increasing conviction that “Davos Man has no clothes”, anguished op-eds ask: Can globalization be saved? But in the process, we seem to have lost sight of a larger development—that the future of the international system that arose in the immediate aftermath of World War II is itself being called into question.
After two World Wars, numerous civil wars, colonial oppression, and the horrors of the Holocaust and Hiroshima, the far-sighted statesmen of the mid-1940s decided that liberal internationalism, based on the United Nations charter and allied institutions, was the only way to prevent more carnage. For seven decades, that system has largely achieved its goals.
The “old world order” built in 1945 broadly ensured world peace and prevented a third World War, although at the cost of shifting many conflicts to the global periphery. And it did not benefit only the developed world; it also ensured decolonization, promoted development, and found ways to accommodate the voices of newly emerging countries, even if it hasn't always accommodated their aspirations.
Yet, it is clear that existing arrangements are no longer adequate, as countries like China and India have demonstrated in their demand for greater clout—and in their willingness to explore smaller groupings like Brics (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) to pool their resources and push for a new order. The existing world powers, however, have made it clear they will not cede influence so easily, even if their leaders complain about the very institutions where their influence is exercised.
Change has been excruciatingly slow in coming. It is absurd that China's voting power in the World Bank was the same as Belgium's till 2010 and at the International Monetary Fund (IMF) the same till just over two years ago. But the G20's effort to create parity in these institutions between the advanced economies and the emerging and transition countries had ground to a halt. Although US leaders technically agreed to IMF voting reforms at the Pittsburgh meeting of the G20 in 2008, the US Congress did not ratify them till a modest change finally occurred in December 2015, nearly eight years later.
It is important to note that countries like China and India— unlike, say, Germany and Japan a century ago—are not seeking to overturn the world order. They seek to obtain redress within the broad framework rather than destabilize the framework itself. All that the “emerging powers” want is a place at the high table. After all, countries realize that in the global system, you are either at the table or on the menu. What the emerging powers have been doing so far is not challenging the global system as much as calling for a new design for world order.
They are entitled to play a key role in helping shape the global order. The international system of the 21st century will have to be more like the World Wide Web: a place of networked partnerships, with links in all directions, some overlapping, others not. The leading lights of the new global system will need to renegotiate its rules of the road; those who have been rule takers for long now feel ready to be rule makers.
India is well qualified, along with others, to help write those rules and define the norms that will guide tomorrow's world. Rather than confining itself to being a subject of others' rule-making, or even a resister of others' attempts, it is in the interests of a country like India (and within India's current and future capacity) to take the initiative to shape the evolution of these norms as well as to have a voice in the situations within which they are applied. We have the capacity, the resources and the technological skill to help craft global approaches in a variety of areas from cyberspace to outer space. But right now, we have no locus standi to do so.
If countries like China and India are denied a place at the global high table, they have only two choices: either continue to accept a second-class seat in the existing system, or challenge the system itself. China, confronting the inadequacies of Bretton Woods, has made it clear that it has little choice but to build its own structures, in its image and in a different mould. The Brics's New Development Bank is essentially the Chinese showing the world that in the absence of a level-playing field within the existing system, they are prepared to construct their own playing field. In this case, India was happy to play along: it had an interest in sending the same message, though its capabilities are very different from China's.
This is not surprising. As countries acquire economic and military power, they start exercising their geopolitical muscle. The challenge for advocates of world order is to accommodate emerging powers within a framework of universal and stable rules and global structures that ensure everyone a fair deal, appropriate for their size, capabilities, and contributions to the international system. The leaders of the developed West will have to reconcile themselves to this, and make room with grace, instead of undermining these institutions by stubbornly clinging on to their positions of privilege within them.
They are not, however, doing so. Today's world leaders appear to lack the breadth of vision and the generosity of spirit of those who created the post-1945 world order. By controlling access to the system they dominate and barring the door to new entrants, they have left those outside little choice. A country like China has shown, through its Belt and Road Initiative, that it is capable of constructing an entirely alternative global system to the prevailing one. What that might mean for the world order established in 1945 is anybody's guess.
Globalization can still be rescued, but we need to allow new players to do the rescuing. Don't send in the Marines.
Shashi Tharoor is a member of Parliament and chairperson of the Parliamentary standing committee on external affairs.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): A flag Hoisting ceremony Monday was held in the Embassy of Pakistan in Cairo to mark the 70th Independence Anniversary of the country.
Members of Pakistani community in Egypt, other notables, local print
and electronic media persons participated in the event.
Messages of President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan, on the
occasion, were read out.
Addressing the gathering, Ambassador, Mushtaq Ali Shah shed light on
the historical bilateral relations between Pakistan and Egypt.
They congratulated the Pakistani community on their country's 70th
independence anniversary.
On this occasion, the students of the Pakistan International School of
Cairo (PISC) gave a colorful performance of folk dances to the tunes of national songs. Leading daily newspaper ‘Egyptian Gazette' carried special supplements on the occasion.
Later the Ambassador gave interviews to the local print and electronic
media, in which they underlined the strong bonds of fraternity and mutually
beneficial cooperation between Pakistan and Egypt that had steadily grown in the past few years in all domains.
They expressed their confidence that relations between the two countries
would grow further in the years ahead.
Police in Ohio have urged residents in surrounding states to be on alert for a suspect who randomly shot and killed an elderly man then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook. Steve Stephens, 37, is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. in Cleveland. dailymail 4:02:00 PM CEST
On the NSE, Shipping Corp shares surged 8.25% to close at Rs85.95. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: Shares of Shipping Corporation of India today soared 16% to touch its one-year high level following reports that Niti Aayog has proposed strategic sale of about 26% stake in the company.
The stock after making a strong opening further jumped 15.94% to Rs 92—its 52-week high—on the BSE before it closed at Rs85.40, higher by 7.62% against the previous session's closing.
On the NSE, the shares surged 8.25% to Rs85.95.
NITI Aayog has proposed strategic sale of about 26% stake in Shipping Corporation of India, which could fetch about Rs 960 crore to the exchequer.
The government holds 63.75% stake in the Navratna PSU. After the sale of 26% stake, the government holding in the company will come down to 37.75%. The government has budgeted to raise Rs 15,000 crore through strategic sale of PSUs this fiscal.
The FCC has taken the final steps toward finally opening its long-delayed Connect America Fund II, which will disburse $2 billion in federal money over 10 years to support new broadband infrastructure in rural areas throughout the country. A date for bidding and the final documentation of the process were finally released today — though a bit of official infighting acted as a reminder that not all is well at the agency.
CAF II works like many other government reverse auctions — the agency or whoever publicize the tasks and locations it will subsidize work in, and companies submit bids to fulfill them. In this case the task is deploying broadband and the location is thousands of census units outside of the generally well-served urban areas. You can view a full map here, but the excerpt below is representative:
The purple parts are census “groups” that would be bid on while the orange parts are census blocks that would need to be served. That means you can't just serve one or two of the most lucrative ones.
Accelerating CAF II is one of the FCC's legitimate claims to progress over the last year, which it rightfully gave pole position in Chairman Pai's highly selective summary of the agency's 2017 accomplishments. The fund was proposed back in 2013, but for various reasons never saw the light of day. Pai made it an official priority of theirs upon taking the Chairman office, and to their credit they and the others have made good on their promise to get it out the door in 2018.
“With our decisions today, we jump the last big hurdle before holding a first-of-its-kind universal service reverse auction,” said Chairman Pai in an accompanying statement. “And I'll remind
everyone that CAF II is only the beginning. In 2019, we will move on to the Remote Areas Fund for
those areas still without high-speed broadband. Rural America has waited long enough.”
The Connect America Fund auction will take place in July, but if you're a broadband provider (or aspire to be one) you'll need to indicate your intention to participate by the end of March, presumably so there's plenty of time for vetting and getting all the necessary paperwork settled.
The decision to go ahead was met with nearly unanimous agreement by the various Commissioners, who all filed their own statements.
“This effort has been many years in the making. It's exciting—because with these decisions we are taking steps into the future of high-cost universal service,” wrote Commissioner Rosenworcel, who has had some choice words for other agency decisions recently. “We are experimenting with new opportunities for providers to build broadband in some of our most rural communities that have been among our most challenging places to serve. This forward-thinking effort has my support.”
With hundreds of millions yearly planned to go out the door to local broadband deployment firms and their friends in infrastructure, we could see some real improvements to connectivity off the beaten paths, though it will take time.
Back to business as usual
It's good that the FCC still functions well for this kind of important work, but a significant detail led to a bit of inter-office conflict that reminds us that this is still a sharply divided office.
Commissioner Clyburn noted in their accompanying statement that “despite our unified desire as a Commission to spur deployment on Tribal lands, we do not take any action here,” although Tribal lands in rural areas are disproportionately less connected.
“What's the hold up?” they asked in a separate statement. “Chairman Pai repeatedly claims that closing the digital divide is among their top priorities, yet nearly a year has elapsed since a proposal was first put forward to help improve connectivity for Native communities and still no action.”
Pai responded, saying that an order to increase federal funding for development in Tribal areas had been presented last February:
So what was the hold up? Despite having formally voted for the item, Commissioner Clyburn's office had privately and repeatedly threatened to withdraw their critical third vote in favor of the order if we moved to bring this item across the finish line. It is worth noting that their threat had nothing to do with what is actually contained in the order. Then, this morning, they carried through on that threat and withdrew their critical third vote in favor of the order. If Commissioner Clyburn believes as I do that the Commission should take action to expand broadband access on Tribal lands, the way forward is simple. Instead of quietly changing their vote on a Friday morning and issuing a Friday afternoon press release designed to shift the blame, they should cast their vote in favor of an order that will increase federal funding for broadband infrastructure on Tribal lands. It's that simple.
Not one to let Pai have the last word, Clyburn shot back:
Maybe I missed it. I thought my role as Acting Chair of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ended in November 2013? But if the authority implied by Chairman Pai's statement is one I possess, then the Tribal broadband item would be adopted by close of business today. Correction: I did not withdraw my vote. My vote on the initial item was cast seven months ago and in case you missed it, I'm currently in the minority. I'm the holdup? How is voting to approve the entire text of the item but dissenting in part, as I did today, because it did not go far enough to support our tribal communities, delaying the vote?
I await Chairman Pai's retort.
Featured Image: Flickr UNDER A CC BY 2.0 LICENSE
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage was quizzed by Janet Street-Porter and put through their paces in a quick-fire round of questions from the whole Loose Women panel on today's show.
But it was later in the show where things got a little strange as Janet tried to cleanse their aura, and Kelly Brook attempted to realign their chakras using a very strange technique.
Before the ladies' attention turned to Nigel, the panel described times they have sought alternative medicines and ways to relax and realign themselves with the world.
(Image: ITV)
Janet started off by saying they had their aura cleansed by a woman at their home, and that they stripped completely naked so the magic woman could do their work.
Kelly, on the other hand, said for them it was celebrity astrologer Russell Grant who provided them these spiritual services, after they did a Tarot reading which, they said, many of which came true.
So these alternative therapies and spiritual healings were put to the test when a heavily-scarfed Janet rose to cleanse the aura of Nigel, who had recently returned from a trip to America.
(Image: ITV)
They jokingly reached to remove their jacket, after hearing Janet's story of removing their clothing for their auras to be cleansed.
Then Janet rubbed their hands together and started to stroke the air around Nigel,for which they struggled to keep from smiling.
But the weirdest moment came when Kelly said they would realign their chakras in the same way they had been realigned previously.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
They told them to pull up their shirt, and they laughed heartily before panic set in, as they realised they were serious.
They asked: "Really?"
But Kelly would not be stopped and Nigel started pulling, before which Kelly bent down and placed their lips over their stomach, and blew a raspberry.
(Image: ITV)
Nigel went pinker than the fruit in question at this moment, and the audience, along with fellow panelists Nadia Sawalha and Andrea McLean didn't quite know what to make of the bizarre encounter.
Loose Women airs from 12.30pm weekdays on ITV.
Uber logo Enlarge Photo
A woman was killed Sunday night in Tempe, Arizona, after they were hit by a self-driving car operated by Uber. It is the first known pedestrian death caused by a self-driving car.
The woman was crossing the street but was not in the crosswalk, according to reports. According to a statement issued by Tempe police obtained by the New York Times, a human safety driver was at the wheel when the car was operating autonomously. The driver and the car failed to react in time to prevent the fatality.
The woman's name has not been released. Tempe police didn't immediately respond for comment Monday morning.
According to a report in The New York Times, an Uber spokesperson said the company is cooperating with local authorities. The company also said it is suspending the testing of its self-driving car program in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
This is not the first death in the U.S. due to autonomous driving. An Ohio man in a Tesla Model S died in Florida in 2016 when their Tesla hit a white semi truck while driving in the semi-autonomous Autopilot mode. The vehicle failed to see the white truck against the bright sky.
Uber is testing more than self-driving cars. The company has had a fleet of self-driving semi-trucks in operation in Arizona for a couple months after its acquisition of the company Otto.
West Mountain resident Ben Levitt is congratulated by their mother, Sheila, and father, Mark, after they won the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas provincial Tory riding nomination May 7. ( Kevin Werner / Metroland file photo )
A defeated Progressive Conservative nomination candidate has filed a lawsuit against the party alleging fraud at a selection meeting last month in Hamilton. Vikram Singh, a lawyer and a runner-up in the four-contestant May 7 PC nomination in Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, has gone to court seeking to overturn the election won by Ben Levitt. Singh has named Tory Leader Patrick Brown, party president Rick Dykstra, PC executive director Bob Stanley, and staffer Logan Bugeja in the suit filed with the Ontario Court of Justice in Hamilton on Tuesday.  They are seeking “an order quashing the June 3 decision by Patrick Brown, leader of the PC Party to terminate (his) internal appeal of the nomination proceedings.” Claiming party brass showed “bad faith” and contravened the PC constitution, Singh is demanding that they be declared the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas nominee for the June 7, 2018 provincial election or that another nomination meeting be held.
Article Continued Below
Their allegations, which have not been proven in court, include the claim that there was a “wrongful insertion of false ballots” at the six-hour candidate election and that problems at the meeting's credentials desk hurt their candidacy. “Singh was the true winner of the nomination contest . . . if . . . not for the wrongful electoral irregularities,” their suit alleges. Jeff Peller, another runner-up in the May 7 vote, who is not part of the suit, has also expressed concern about what they called “a sideshow masquerading as a democratic process.”
At Queen's Park, Brown, who has certified all nominated Tory candidates, said they couldn't comment on the case, which will be heard in Hamilton June 20, because it is before the courts. “The fact that so many people are coming forward in nomination — the fact that so many new members are coming in — there will be times when there is acrimony, but there is certainly excitement in our nominations,” the Tory leader said. Given the divisions over the “hotly contested nominations . . . , I have gone one step further than political parties have before, after hearing concerns that people were becoming overly competitive and overly aggressive. I actually went to the extent of bringing in PwC.” Auditors at PwC have found no issues in the nominations they've observed since being hired in early May. Brown also said they fully support Levitt. “I think he's a great candidate and he'll make a great MPP.” As first disclosed by the Star, a PC vice-president quit in protest from the party executive two weeks ago after officials papered over a questionable nomination in Ottawa West-Nepean amid allegations of ballot-stuffing there. Robert Elliott resigned as the Tories' third vice-president and policy chair after the June 3 meeting where Brown was given the authority to sign off on all of the contentious candidates. Elliott, a nine-year PC vice-president and the chief returning officer for the 2015 leadership contest, took a stand after a May 6 nomination race in Ottawa. In that nomination, Karma Macgregor won by 15 votes over runner-up Jeremy Roberts, even though there were 28 more ballots in the boxes than had registered. Roberts' appeal of the result was rejected by the party executive. Macgregor, a long-time party activist and the mother of Brown's deputy chief of staff, has not returned messages from the Star. There were similar problems at the PC nomination in Newmarket-Aurora. Dykstra, for their part, said the party couldn't comment. “We can't respond to a matter before the court,” the PC president said in an email Wednesday to the Star. However, in an internal email earlier this month, Dykstra said the party had to “move forward.” “Unfortunately, there is no procedural answer that will satisfy everyone. Replacing one appellant with another is not productive. There could be endless appeals,” the PC president wrote.
× Kim Kardashian meets with Trump to discuss prison reform
Kim Kardashian West met with President Donald Trump and other officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, at the White House on Wednesday to discuss prison reform.
“Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing,” the President tweeted following the afternoon meeting, posting a picture alongside a stoic Kardashian West in the Oval Office.
Kardashian West, who wore a black suit with bright yellow stilettos, was spotted leaving the White House with a small entourage about an hour after they arrived.
They departed in a black Chevrolet SUV parked inside White House grounds, a surprising level of access and courtesy. VIP guests of the White House usually are required to walk through a gate to board their vehicles. Though they did not roll down their windows to greet a gaggle of cameras awaiting their departure, an aide in the front seat was seen recording the reporters on a phone.
During the White House press briefing Wednesday afternoon, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders wouldn't provide further details on who Kardashian West was meeting, only saying, “She is expected to be here at the White House. I can confirm she'll be here. We'll keep you posted on any meetings that take place and what those look like.”
The entrepreneur and reality television star has advocated for a pardon for a low-level drug offender named Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison. Earlier Wednesday, Kardashian West tweeted, “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you,” adding the prayer hands emoji.
Prison reform has been a key issue for Kushner. Earlier this month, the White House-backed First Step Act, which would expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement, was approved by the House Judiciary Committee.
Kardashian West said they supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but their husband, rapper Kanye West, has signaled their support for Trump.
In 2016, West met with the President-elect at Trump Tower in New York. And last month, after releasing a photograph wearing a “Make America Great Again” cap, West released a song defending their praise of the President.
Kardashian West's White House visit was earlier reported by Vanity Fair.
By Kevin Liptak, Maegan Vazquez and Betsy Klein, CNN
Accident Details
At approximately 7:40pm on Thursday evening August 10, 2017, the Henry County Sheriff's Office received a report of a single vehicle accident involving minor injuries at 1338 310th st. An investigation conducted into the accident revealed the driver, Larry Heitmeier III of Hillsboro, was driving their vehicle, a 2006 Chrysler Pacifica, when they lost control of their vehicle causing them to go into a four-way skid and roll the vehicle over ending up in the ditch. There were only minor injuries. Responding to the incident with the Henry County Sheriff's Office were the Henry County Ambulance, Salem Fire Department and Salem Fire & Rescue.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
To enable the less privileged in society have easy access to quality health services and enable them seek timely medical attention at various health facilities, Bryan Acheampong Foundation, a Non-Governmental Organisation is registering people onto the National Health Insurance Scheme.
At the moment, the Foundation is supporting over 5000 indigenes in the Kwahu East district through the Okwahuman South Mutual Health Insurance Scheme with an amount of fifty thousand Ghana Cedis to cover their premiums.
Beneficiaries of the intervention are mainly children under 5, older people, persons living with HIV and community mobilizers. The beneficiaries cut across all the 146 communities within the Kwahu East District.
Apart from the yearly NHIS subscription for the people in the communities, the Foundation will also take community health nurses through midwifery assistants training as well as mental health promotion, provide tricycle ambulances to serve the hard-to-reach communities in the District, rehabilitation of CHPS compound, supply of essential medical equipment and logistics, screening and training of food vendors, school health education and specialized screening services as BAF's contribution towards the achievement of SDG 3.
“We finally decided to enroll people on the NHIS since that is more sustainable and will increase access to quality healthcare delivery for a longer period,” Mr. Nyarko Eric, Director of Development for the Foundation stated.
They tell the media that, most people are unable to seek medical attention at various health facilities due to lack of funds, “For this reason Bryan Acheampong Foundation is here to assist the vulnerable in society to enable them have access to health care”.
They commended the management and staff of the NHIS for working to ensure the success of the registration as the NGO continued to identify and register more needy people in the course of time.
Mr Fredrick Gakurah, NHIS Manager Okwahuman South, noted that so far, sixty eight thousand people, representing 70 per cent of the people in both Kwahu south and east had registered with the Scheme and advised those who had not done so to endeavor to register.
They pleaded with the Foundation to assist them with the needed logistics to enable them run outreach registration.
Public Relations Officer for the District NHIS, Mr. Benedict Gyimah also expressed their appreciation to the Foundation for the initiative and called on other corporate bodies to emulate them as there were many people in other districts who could not afford to register with the Scheme.
The Programs Manager for health, Mr. Rockson Dutenya disclosed that though NHIS is a pro-poor intervention, many vulnerable people are unable to enroll unto the scheme due to financial constraints.
BAF is therefore using this intervention to provide sustainable financial protection to the vulnerable people to access healthcare and also contribute to the broader health sector priority of increasing overage of NHIS especially for the poor in particular and SDG 3 in general.
In addition the Foundation's health program will facilitate the enrollment of pregnant women and physically challenged onto the NHIS; [Adding] “the intervention forms part of measures by BAF to meet the health needs of the beneficiaries”.
The NGO, which has been in existence for the past ten months has its focus on empowering people to be resilient against poverty and championing development in Kwahu.
The Fort Worth Police Department found a body inside a vacant home in the 6400 block of Woodway Drive in southwest Fort Worth. Police said they received a tip about the body at the location from the Arlington Police Department.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better.
The new features are:
- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon
- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon
- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake
- And to check the solution to see if you've got it right use the Tick icon
Finally, if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out.N
A year ago, the Toronto region real estate market was so hot builders were towing cars to try and control the crowding at their sales centres. That's the environment in which Dionne Thompson bought a house in Mattamy Homes' Queen's Common development in Whitby last January. Fast forward 12 months, and Thompson and their future neighbours say they have been devastated to learn that their builder is selling nearly identical houses for significantly less money. Mattamy, the country's largest home builder, says the buyers are victims of a softer housing market in recent months, and pre-construction homes are vulnerable to those conditions in the same way as re-sale houses. Thompson, a bus driver, bought their two-storey, detached house as a nest to share with their husband, their children and grandchildren.
Article Continued Below
They say they paid $955,000 for a 2,749-sq.-ft. detached house. Last month Mattamy began selling the same model on a similar lot for about $859,000 in Queen's Common Phase 2. "I wish I could walk away from it because it's just too much money," said Thompson. Mariam Boni was among the buyers caught up in Toronto's scorching property market last January. They say they got an email from Mattamy when the first phase of the development was released. On the appointed date they waited three hours in line to get a ticket to return to the sales centre the following day.
When they went back, there were only two lots still available and Boni ended up spending $899,000, plus additional money for upgrades, exceeding their target price of $500,000 to $600,000. Although they own a home already, they said Queen's Common would be a better place to raise their son. "No one understands until they're in your shoes. At the time it was rushed. I have a 3 year old. I'm thinking about their future, I'm thinking this is a good investment. It's going to go up in price, I'm going to do something nice for my child," they said. Mattamy president Brad Carr said the company encourages buyers to look at their homes as a long-term investment. But they understand the disappointment.
The Queen's Commons development located near Hwy. 412 and McQuay Blvd., in Whitby. ( Carlos Osorio / Toronto Star )
Poncho, the betaworks-backed weather service, has raised $2.4 million in seed funding led by Lightspeed Ventures.
Poncho launched out of betaworks the same year as Giphy and Dots, and uses SMS and email to bring the news to you in an entertaining way.
The premise is simple. Instead of having users seek out their own information via weather apps and being bombarded with numbers like temperature, precipitation percentages, and wind chill, users would simply receive a text message or an email with the need-to-know, laypeople's terms information in an entertaining fashion, complete with a GIF.
The service started out in New York and has since grown to offer news alerts to the whole world. But not without a few small bumps along the way.
In February of 2016, Poncho launched an alarm clock app to let you wake up to the weather. However, without native support on iOS, the introduction of Do Not Disturb threw a wrench in things, and Poncho's alarm clock has effectively been discontinued.
However, the company was featured on Apple's Planet of the Apps in July, leading to the investment from Lightspeed. The company also released an app in conjunction with the show.
The Poncho app focuses primarily on useful push notifications. Theoretically, you'd never have to hop into the Poncho app to get what you're looking for. The main type of content, obviously, is weather information. But eventually the app will bring in stuff like horoscopes and motivational content to give users a moment of zen as they begin their day.
“We're building a new backend that will enable AI-driven personalization for weather and content and offers,” said CEO Sam Mandel. “We see a much higher engagement rate when things are personalized and tailored to the user.”
Mandel says that Poncho sees is seeing seven-day retention (users coming back seven days in a row) in the 60 percent range.
Two years here. Three years there. Another five somewhere else. Frequent job-hopping used to be a red flag, suggesting to prospective employers that a candidate was unfocused and disloyal.
That stigma seems to be gone. Changing jobs might be the best way to score a significant salary bump and move up the career ladder. And younger workers — the fuel driving every startup machine — are more likely than older ones to switch employers. Employee ages 25-34 had a median tenure of just 2.8 years on the job in January 2016, compared to 7.9 years for workers ages 45-54, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Concern about turnover is yet another worry that keeps founders and management up at night. They know their business success depends in large part on keeping a stable and productive team on the job for the long haul — or at least long enough to make it through a key milestone such as a product launch, a critical round of funding or an exit event.
Stock options are a powerful incentive. But in this supercharged era of unicorns and staggering valuations, are they enough, particularly if you have no plans to go public anytime soon? This has been an abysmal year for IPOs as companies readily draw capital from the private market. In this climate, are you providing enough access to liquidity to keep your critical team from dusting off their resumes?
Let's take a closer look at some of the vesting schedules and exercise periods that companies are debuting and weigh their risks and rewards.
Typical
The default for startups is a four-year vesting schedule. A quarter of the options vest after the first anniversary of the initial option grant — the “one-year cliff” — and then employees can begin to exercise them. After that, one forty-eighth (1/48) of the employee's shares vest each month for the remaining 36 months. After four years, the employee holds them all, and the options are fully vested.
Stock options are a powerful incentive.
This schedule is a sweet deal for long-term, early hires because exercising options is feasible when the strike price is a bargain. These employees can exercise all their options for just a few hundred dollars. Those who join the team several years later, however, might not be so enthusiastic. If the strike price skyrockets, exercising those options can set an employee back tens of thousands of dollars — or more.
Or perhaps the company is a unicorn, valued at 13 figures but, tantalizingly, privately held; there may be little or no liquidity. The biggest hitch, though, is that an employee can walk away at any time with a chunk of vested options. There's no significant upside to sticking around.
Back-loaded vesting
The standard four-year vesting schedule, as described above, has been recently reimagined by companies, including Snapchat. Some of these schedules vest 10 percent of the shares after the employee's first year on the job. Another 20 percent are available after the second year. A worker gets another 30 percent on their third anniversary. And the big payoff — 40 percent — comes in the fourth year, rewarding loyalty right around the time when they might otherwise have been tempted to start a job search.
Sell but stick around
As part of Airbnb's recent refinancing, the room-rental business threw a tasty bone to employees with at least four years of tenure. It arranged for investors to buy about $200 million in common shares held by employees as part of an $850 million funding round.
The goal, according to The Wall Street Journal, was to “relieve some of the pressure to go public” and “give longer-term employees the option to get cash for some of their shares.” You might want to explore this option if your company, like Airbnb, is a glittery-maned rainbow unicorn valued at $30 billion. If it's not, you'll need to consider other strategies.
Wait a decade
Employees who leave a job get a tasty perk if they exercise their incentive stock options within 90 days of their last day: They maintain the coveted incentive stock option status, which allows them to kick down the road the tax liability on the spread — until they sell or otherwise unload the underlying vested stock. Otherwise, the stock options morph into non-qualified options, and exercising them can trigger costly capital gains. This isn't an issue for early, longer-term employees, but it can be a problem for later hires, who might need six figures to purchase their options and cover their tax liability.
Related Articles A New, Standardized Way For Employees To Keep Their Vested Stock Options Longer
So how about extending the exercise period in a big way, from 90 days to 10 years? That would give workers (and former employees) much more time to amass enough cash to cover the options and taxes. I'm not a fan of this tactic, though. It encourages job-hopping — which founders would rather prevent — as workers bounce from one startup to the next, scooping up options along the way and hoping that one of these companies will strike it big and the options will then be worth exercising.
To prevent this problem, Andreessen Horowitz's Scott Kupor suggests requiring a period of tenure to activate the 10-year window or implementing a sliding scale that ties length of the exercise period to number of years on the job. Both strategies enable founders to reward talent for sticking around.
What to do?
If your company has a high valuation and your stock options are flirting with a high strike price… congratulations. That's good news for your employees, too — or at least for those few who can cough up enough money to cash out their options.
But to keep everyone else incentivized, it's time to explore some alternative vesting options. Your plan cannot operate retroactively, so you might face some pushback from longer-term employees. Explaining in detail that you want to reward loyalty and enable workers to exercise their options might help allay fears — and go a long way toward keeping your team loyal and engaged.
Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
The Turnbull government has been forced to ask for a fresh vote on amendments to an uncontroversial bill after losing a vote in parliament.
Labor has pounced on an opportunity to embarrass the Turnbull government after it lost a vote on the floor of parliament.
A number of ministers, including Peter Dutton, Barnaby Joyce, Julie Bishop and Michael Keenan, missed a vote in the lower house on Labor amendments to uncontroversial changes to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Act.
The amendments, which condemned the government over climate change, got up 69-61.
But Leader of the House Christopher Pyne asked the vote be retaken, claiming the bells for the division should have rung for four minutes instead of one.
It was subsequently defeated 74-69.
Labor frontbencher Tony Burke used the bungle to criticise the coalition for "failing to protect the Great Barrier Reef".
They called on the government to "end the chaos and govern for the benefit of Australians".
"Do they really think this chaos is going to end while the deputy prime minister is still here?" they told parliament, referring to Barnaby Joyce's citizenship concerns.
The legislation, after much delay, eventually passed.
WWE News: Kevin Owens and Goldberg clash on Twitter again
Kevin Owens and Goldberg have had another altercation via Twitter in the run up to their big match at WWE FastLane.
by Carl Gac News 15 Feb 2017, 12:21 IST
Goldberg and Kevin Owens are on a collision course
What's the story?
Kevin Owens and Goldberg had another back and forth altercation on Twitter, following Owens and Chris Jericho mocking them during the “Festival of Friendship” on Raw last night.
The tweets are as follows:
Morons.... — Bill Goldberg (@Goldberg) February 14, 2017
Considering you almost knocked yourself out headbutting a door, you should probably reconsider calling other people morons. https://t.co/sI9ig1P5oN — Kevin Owens (@FightOwensFight) February 14, 2017
Keep diggin' that hole kid.... RT @FightOwensFight: Considering you almost knocked yourself out headbutting a ... https://t.co/2b87nP6a5T — Bill Goldberg (@Goldberg) February 14, 2017
Ok, Bill. I've been digging holes for myself for 17 years and I'm doing pretty good. See you at Fastlane. https://t.co/vUqamkWP19 — Kevin Owens (@FightOwensFight) February 14, 2017
.@FightOwensFight Take lots of pictures with it Kevin. Remember the moment. At Fastlane, it's GONE. — Bill Goldberg (@Goldberg) February 14, 2017
Take lots of pictures? Remember the moment?...What are you, my dad? Stop telling me what to do! And no, I will NOT turn down my music! https://t.co/7RCmurkFLK — Kevin Owens (@FightOwensFight) February 14, 2017
.@FightOwensFight Well... If "Goldberg" or "Sir" doesn't work for you, than yes, Daddy is fine. — Bill Goldberg (@Goldberg) February 14, 2017
I'm sure that in your mind, that sounded super cool and badass but it's just really, really creepy. Anyway, Happy Valentine's Day, Bill! https://t.co/DA7XgiP8wI — Kevin Owens (@FightOwensFight) February 14, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Goldberg is set to challenge Kevin Owens for the WWE Universal Championship at FastLane in a couple of weeks' time. They have gone back and forth on Twitter now, with both men trying to get in the heads of their opponent.
Owens and Jericho brought out former WWE star Gillberg on Raw to mock the former WCW Champion, but Goldberg hit back using their Twitter account.
The heart of the matter
Social media plays a massive part in the current world of professional wrestling. One of the most prolific users of Twitter in the WWE is Kevin Owens so their verbal jousting with Goldberg here is not a massive surprise.
Also read: WWE News: Kevin Owens has an issue with Fastlane match graphic
It's a good way to pull fans into the feud and gives both men the opportunity to push the other to the limit ahead of the big match at FastLane.
What's next?
With only a few weeks to go until that big match, you can expect to see Owens and Goldberg continue this kind of back and forth on Twitter, as well as during segments on Raw.
WWE likes to use all kinds of ways to continue a feud, Twitter is a valuable tool in the battles between modern day professional wrestling stars.
Sportskeeda's take
Kevin Owens is one of the best when it comes to using Twitter. They regularly use it to call out fans, talk trash with their opponents and just to generally get their views across. In the modern day, it's not unheard of to see feuds being played out on social media.
This again goes to show that Owens and WWE know exactly how to get a feud over the line towards what will be a massive match in the build up to WrestleMania 33.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
NEW Sheffield Steelers signing Brady Ramsay promises to be a bundle of energy for the five-time Elite League champions after joining for the 2017-18 season.
The 24-year-old centre has joined on an initial one-year deal and comes highly recommended with new team-mate Levi Nelson and short-term signing from last season, Geoff Walker, both giving them their backing for head coach Paul Thompson.
Their arrival in South Yorkshire in August will be the first time Ramsay has played outside of North America, having played last season with Chicago Blackhawks ECHL affiliate Indy Fuel.
Previous to that they spent a season-and-a-half with rival East Coast league outfit Tulsa Oilers, having began their pro career with short stints at Stockton Thunder and Ontario Reign.
“It's nice to hear that good people and respected players like the Levi and Geoff are confident to put their name to me succeeding in Sheffield,” said Ramsay. “They have both told me exceptional things about being a Steeler.
“When I spoke with Paul (Thompson) they explained what they were looking for. They were honest and up front as they have a certain role for me.
Sheffield Steelers' head coach, Paul Thompson. Picture: Deaqn Woolley.
“I'm an energy guy and that's what they wanted, also someone who is defensively responsible and can play the penalty kill when called upon.”
Thompson said they were looking for an energetic, versatile “competitor” and believes they have landed a gem with the highly-recommended Ramsay.
“I was looking for some energy and Brady will bring that,” said Thompson.
“We've done a lot of work on them as a player and their character. I believe they will be able to play up and down our line up at either centre or wing.  They are comfortable in both positions.
I'm an energy guy and that's what they (Paul Thompson) wanted, also someone who is defensively responsible and can play the penalty kill. Brady Ramsay.
“Brady plays a hard-nosed game, they are a competitor and I think its fair to say that we think they will be a fan favourite.”
Published:
Musician DBanj took to Instagram this morning to thank everyone who has extended a hand of support towards their family following the terrible loss of their 1-year-old son, Daniel III
Share This
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unai Emery is already deep into the Arsenal rebuild after the Gunners replaced Arsene Wenger with the Spaniard this summer.
The former Paris Saint-Germain boss beat off competition from Mikel Arteta and Patrick Vieria to land the job with talks already underway on how best they can transform a squad that was incapable of making the top four last terms.
Emery will work closely with Sven Mislintat to ensure Arsenal can bounce back from two disappointing finishes in fifth and sixth over the past two seasons.
The ambition will be to return Arsenal to the top table of European football, with the fans surely willing to settle for a top four finish - something that once left fans underwhelmed. The transfer budget of £70 million, plus additional income from player sales, leaves Emery with it all to do.
A large part of their success will depend on how much more they can bring out of the current group of players they already have at their disposal at the Emirates.
But does Emery have the players within their squad that are suited to their preferred 4-2-3-1 system that served them so well in Spain with Valencia and Sevilla? Football.London takes a look at all the possibilities:
(Image: Arsenal FC/Getty)
Goalkeeper
Emery likes their teams to build from the back and that often starts with the goalkeeper.
Arsenal has some big decisions to make when it comes to the goalkeeper situation at the Emirates this summer. Petr Cech has just taken the No.1 shirt but, at the age of 36, they are clearly now past their best.
Cech made more errors that led to goals than any other keeper in the Premier League last season and they are also pretty uncomfortable with the ball at their feet.
There is a strong argument that David Ospina is the best of the current senior keepers at Arsenal, but the Columbia international is likely to leave this summer in a bid to get regular first-team football.
So it could be that Arsenal has to bring in a new keeper to get themselves playing in the way Emery wants.
(Image: AFP)
The defence
Again, this is an area where Arsenal looks certain to dip into the transfer market, with deals already close to being done
Emery usually puts a lot of emphasis on their full-backs to attack and in Hector Bellerin they have the perfect right-back to do that, they are also a player you would expect to flourish under the new head coach.
Bellerin's progress flatlined under in the past two seasons, but they have immense potential and is a player who should improve drastically with some expect coaching.
On the opposite side of the defence, Emery has Nacho Monreal and Sead Kolasinac to work with - two more than capable defenders who will provide them with plenty of options.
But it's at centre-back where there is work to be done, especially with Laurent Koscielny sidelined until December at the earliest.
Ivan Gazidis has stated that a big part of Emery's remit will be to work with and improve the young players at the club and Arsenal have plenty of up and coming central defenders with ability.
Calum Chambers, Rob Holding and Konstantinos Mavrapanos all have huge potential and you would hope under Emery they could go on to be major players.
But the lack of experience right now is worrying, with Skhodran Mustafi yet to show any real sign of being a player you can trust to lead the defence. This could even be the summer that Arsenal cut their losses on the German international.
So while there is potential for Emery and their coaching staff to work with at the back, you would expect to see at least one senior star to be brought in before the start of next season - with Borussia Dortmund's Sokratis looking a certainty to arrive.
Freiburg's young defender Caglar Soyuncu is also on the agenda while experienced right-back Stephan Lichtsteiner is close to agreeing a free transfer after leaving Juventus.
(Image: Emilio Andreoli)
The midfield
Emery's 4-2-3-1 formation revolves around having two holding midfielders sitting in front of the defence, allowing the front four the freedom they need to express themselves going forward.
But it's been clear at Arsenal for some time now they don't have the players in the squad who can perform that role at the very top level
Granit Xhaka has been used as the defensive midfielder in the past two seasons but has struggled to really deal with the demands of the Premier League.
They had a good end to the season, but it feels like they would be far more suited to playing in the two with an out and out defensive midfielder alongside him. That would allow them to concentrate on what they are good at, splitting lines with their fine passing ability and setting Arsenal off on attacks.
But if that were to happen, then it begs the question as to where Aaron Ramsey would play, as the Wales international has been the player operating in that more advanced midfield role for the past few seasons.
Obviously Ramsey's contract situation could see them leave the club this summer, but the whispers coming out of Arsenal suggest Emery sees the Wales international as a player they want to build a side around.
So again, you feel that Arsenal need to bring in one out and out defensive midfielder for Emery to really be able to get the team playing the way they want them. The question would then be, where does that leave Xhaka or Jack Wilshere, should they sign a new deal?
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
The frontline
This is where things could get interesting. Emery's side have been built around width from the flanks in attacking areas, but that is something Arsenal are far from blessed with.
Theo Walcott was able to offer that from the right, but they are now at Everton - and Arsenal have tended to have either Mesut Ozil or Henrikh Mkhitaryan on the flanks since the end of January, neither are players who bring any natural width to the team.
Alex Iwobi is another option, as is Danny Welbeck, but again both of them would prefer to cut inside into a more central area. Welbeck could be set for an exit anyway, if they don't agree a new deal
Lucas Perez is a possible wildcard and is comfortable drifting out wide on their left foot, but their future is far from clear having spent last season on loan at Deportivo.
Looking ahead to the new campaign under Emery, you feel Ozil will certainly be deployed in the No.10 role behind the central striker and Mkhitaryan will probably line up on the right.
But if Emery really wants to get the team playing the way they want, then a wide attacker needs to be brought in to play on the left hand side.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The central striker
With Emery tending to play with just one striker, you feel the signs are fairly ominous for Alexandre Lacazette.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could move to the left to accommodate Lacazette, as we saw towards the end of last season at times, but Arsenal didn't shell out a club record fee on the Gabon international in January to play them on the wing.
So you feel Aubameyang will certainly start the season as the central striker, with Lacazette having to make do with a place on the bench.
(Image: Clive Mason)
The outcome
It's tough not to look at the options available to Emery and not come to the conclusion that the current make-up of the Arsenal squad is not suited to the way the Spaniard wants to play.
The midfield and the wide areas in attack look to be the main issue, with at least one defensive midfielder needed, although it will be interesting to see how much more they are able to bring out of Ainsley Maitland-Niles next season.
Arsenal do have a genuine interest in Jean-Micheal Seri at Nice, but they are seen as more of a replacement for Ramsey, not a player who will provide the defence with much protection. Adrien Rabiot at PSG could be a possibility.
A left side attacker, someone like Julian Draxler perhaps, could bring more balance to the 4-2-3-1 formation and give Emery the width that they like to see in their teams. Mislintat is believed to be keen on landing Ousmane Dembele on loan from Barcelona.
The new head coach has good options in attack and at full-back, but a centre-back and a goalkeeper must surely be on the agenda, with Bayer Leverkusen keeper Bernd Leno a target as a replacement for Cech.
So it's clear there is major work to be done on the squad and that coaching on the training ground will not be the answer to everything. Arsenal will have to dip into the transfer market and it could be a couple of windows before we see Emery's plans start to really take shape in north London.
A group of parents told the Board of Finance Thursday night that they want to see an additional school resource officer hired in the school district, and they want to be sure that the Board of Education 2018-19 budget plan gets through the approval process without being cut.
On Thursday night, the finance board held a public hearing to get resident input before starting to review the 2018-19 city and school budget requests.
About 35 people attended, which is a bigger crowd than has turned out in recent years at the annual finance board hearing.
The majority who spoke discussed the additional school resource officer, which the school superintendent has requested but will not go through unless $40,000 is added to the city side of the budget.
School Supt. Dr. Elizabeth Feser requested another $40,000 in the 2018-19 school budget to pay for an additional school resource officer. There are four officers now, one at each high school and two splits between the three middle schools and The Academy. School officials want to see an SRO for each of the middle schools.
The board has asked for an additional school resource officer for the past few years, but each time the city has not supported the idea by allocating $40,000 on the city side of the budget. The school board pays half the salary and the city the other half.
Susan Krushinsky, a parent and former school board member, said they aren't in favor of the SROs when they were first introduced to the schools, but they now see the value of the SROs. They said relationships develop between students and law enforcement, which is very positive.
The uniformed and armed officers were introduced to the city schools in 2014.
The plan to hire school resource officers came up shortly after the tragic shootings in Newtown and then became the focus of attention during the 2013-14 budget process.
Months after the officers were placed in the schools, they were already getting positive reviews, with officials saying school staff and students were very receptive. At the time, James Richetelli Jr., chief operations officer for the school district, said, “Their impact on enhancing an environment that is inviting, supportive and safe has been felt immediately. We are grateful to them and to the community for supporting the SRO program.”
Resident and parent Kara Flannery agreed that an SRO should be added to the school system, and during Thursday night's public hearing they said this is the fourth year in a row that the school superintendent has requested the additional position.
“We know the worst can happen, and school safety is not the place to cut corners,” Flannery said.
Resident Gale Uberti talked about the importance of sprucing up the schools.
When the Board of Education voted on the school superintendent's spending plan this year, the members voted to increase their request by $361,500 to fund additional building projects, and Uberti spoke in favor of that Thursday evening.
“Our aging schools need help,” Uberti said.
“Psychologists have proven that an attractive environment increases learning,” they added.
Jessica DeYoung urged the finance board to approve the school budget, especially in light of the fact that Dr. Feser has announced their retirement in July.
“She led us through difficult times,” DeYoung said, adding that now Milford will be in a state of transition.
Resident Nija Phelps argued that young and old benefit from a good school system, saying “we are an interdependent society.
And resident Kara Flannery said, “There's a lot of Yankee thrift in this budget,” saying they view the request as reasonable.
Flannery also said “it is unprecedented” that the school board would vote to increase the superintendent's request, and they said this indicates the board's, and the community's, desire to focus on education.
The library
Several residents also talked about the Milford Public Library, not asking for additional funds now but suggesting the board keep an eye on that city service in coming years.
The Milford Public Library is beginning a strategic planning process to guide services for the next three years. The plan will act as a road map for the library as it seeks to meet the needs of Milford residents now and into the future.
Resident Chris Thomas said the board needs to “continue to invest” in the library.
“It's become a community center, not just a library,” Thomas said.
Resident Augie Harrigan agreed that the library has to remain a priority in Milford. They told the board that someone once commented to them about the library, saying you can tell a lot about a community by the resources it dedicates to its public library.
The person told Harrigan, “I think MIlford can do better.”
The finance board will start reviewing the spending plans now, before voting on a budget and forwarding their plan to the Board of Aldermen for review.
The annual budget plan totals about $210.88 million, which is $5.1 million, or 2.48%, more than the current $205.78 million budget. The mayor said they expect taxes will not increase under this plan.
Soccer: Ronaldo hogs headlines as Real beat Barcelona 3-1 in Clasico
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:44 IST
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Barcelona's Gerard Pique looks dejected after scoring an own goal and the first for Real Madrid REUTERS/Juan Medina
By Richard Martin
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Cristiano Ronaldo scored a sensational goal and was then sent off for a combination of their provocative celebration and for diving as Real Madrid beat Barcelona 3-1 in an explosive Spanish Super Cup first leg on Sunday.
Gerard Pique scored an own goal early in the second half to give Real the lead in the annual curtain raiser between the Liga champions and the King's Cup holders although Lionel Messi looked to have saved their blushes by scoring a controversial penalty in the 77th minute after Luis Suarez was fouled.
Substitute Ronaldo rattled in a sensational strike from outside the area three minutes later to restore the Liga and European champions' advantage, earning a booking for removing their shirt and mimicking Messi's celebration at the Santiago Bernabeu in last April's Clasico.
Ronaldo was given a second yellow card moments later for diving to attempt to win a penalty and will miss Wednesday's second leg at the Bernabeu. After they were ordered off, the Portuguese pushed referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea in frustration.
Barça rallied late in search of an equaliser but Spanish forward Marco Asensio instead extended Madrid's advantage in the tie with a scorching strike from outside the area in the 90th minute to cap a thrilling second half.
"These games are like this, you switch off for one second and relax and loads of things happen, but I'm very happy with the game," said Real captain Sergio Ramos.
"We're fighting for a trophy and this is an important step."
Barça midfielder Sergio Busquets said: "A 3-1 defeat at home is very difficult to take; the tie seems very tough for us now but we'll try and make a go of it, even though we've made it almost impossible for us.
"Whoever scores first in these games has a huge advantage, and Madrid did very well on the counter-attack."
The highly entertaining second period was in stark contrast to a sleepy opening 45 minutes which lacked the atmosphere associated with football's biggest rivalry due to the game not selling out and with a large number of tourists present.
Barça failed to sparkle, with Gerard Deulofeu proving an unfit substitute for the departed Neymar, while Real looked lightweight up front without Ronaldo, who began on the bench, and lacking creativity in the absence of the suspended Luka Modric.
The game burst into life after the break, however.
Pique, who scored the winner in the pre-season Clasico in Miami and who has so often turned up the heat in the rivalry both on and off the pitch, inadvertently broke the deadlock by diverting Marcelo's cross into their own net.
Barça suddenly woke up and were denied an equaliser due to a brilliant double save by Real goalkeeper Keylor Navas.
The Costa Rican was left fuming moments later though when they were adjudged to have brought down Suarez, with the Uruguayan appearing to dive to win the penalty.
Messi levelled from the spot, scoring for the first time against Real at the Nou Camp since 2012, but they were soon upstaged at the other end by Ronaldo.
Asensio had the last word, however, the 21-year-old producing a stunning strike and putting Madrid well in charge in their pursuit of a first Super Cup since 2012.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
ST. JOSEPH, Mich. — May 16, 2018 — Due to increasing need for Military Grade tarps, covers and fabrics meeting the specifications of the military branches, as well as State, Federal and municipal governmental agencies,Tarps Now® is pleased to announce the release of military grade tarps and covers that are engineered to meet the specifications that include A-A-55308, A-A-59403, A-A-59708, CCC-C-419, CCC-C-422, CCC-C-428, CCC-C-432, CCC-C-439, CCC-C-442, CCC-C-443, CCC-D-950, MIL-C-10799, MIL-C-20696, MIL-C-43006, MIL-C-43128, MIL-C-43627, MIL-C-44103, MIL-C-788, MIL-PRF-20696, A-A-59403, A-A-549403A.
In addition to the new lines meeting Military Tarp specifications, Tarps Now® is also pleased to announce the release of tarps and covers meeting the needs of the United States Forestry Service which includes: (5100-86), MIL-C-3953, MIL-C-7219, MIL-C-10799, MIL-C-12369, MIL-C-43128, MIL-C-43734, MIL-C-43734D, Class 3, MIL-C-43375, NFPA-701, SS-481, SS-482, CPAI-63, CPAI-84.
The new lines of military grade tarps and fabrics are Made in the USA and are engineered to cover sensitive equipment, create weather-resistance outdoor tents, and secure and protect large items during transportation. These high-quality military grade tarps and covers are flexible, waterproof and flame retardant, as well as resistant to tearing, abrasions and resistant to Ultra-Violet light damage. For applications requiring military grade fabric, rolls are now sold in lengths of 50 to a hundred yards.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Tarps Now®
New Delhi: Hours after Rahul Gandhi was elected unopposed as the Congress chief, the ruling BJP on Tuesday said the Gandhi scion's elevation to the top party post was just a coronation exercise.
The saffron party further said that Rahul Gandhi's elevation as Congress chief was also not based on their performance as the party's vice-president.
"I congratulate Rahul Gandhi on their promotion as the Congress president which happened without taking their performance into consideration," BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi was quoted as saying by ANI.
"When the Congress party was in power, they used to frequently get out due to hit-wicket, and in the Opposition, they had been throwing 'no-balls'. It is hoped that since they are a Congress president now, they will watch the pitch carefully and play accordingly," Naqvi added.
Endorsing Naqvi's view, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy also said the Congress could have had the elevation as a consensus decision or the working committee could have unanimously proposed their name as there was no challenger.
"Why so much drama? If they had wanted to go through a process then they should have gone through a proper system, but they did not do that," Swamy added.
The 47-year-old Gandhi scion was formally declared as the Congress president on Monday night.
Confirming the elevation, Congress' Central Election Authority Chairman Mullapally Ramchandran said the committee had received 89 nomination papers, all proposing the name of Rahul for the coveted post.
Rahul Gandhi had filed their nomination papers for the post of the party chief at the India Congress Committee (AICC) headquarters on December 4.
Rahul has succeeded their mother Sonia Gandhi, who held the post for nearly two decades.
They will take over the reins of the party on December 16.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi congratulated their political bete noire Rahul Gandhi on their election as the new Congress president and wished them a fruitful tenure.
Rahul Gandhi later thanked him.
"I congratulate Rahul Ji on their election as Congress president. My best wishes for a fruitful tenure," Modi had tweeted.
In response, Gandhi tweeted: "Thank you for your good wishes Modi ji".
Modi has been regularly mocking Rahul Gandhi, calling their elevation to head the Congress party as dynastic politics and a redux of "Aurangzeb Raj"
With ANI inputs
Organizers of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Games on Tuesday signed KEB Hana Bank as their main banking partner.
The two sides recently wrapped up their negotiations that began in February and announced their deal in a ceremony at KEB Hana Bank's headquarters in central Seoul.
Soohorang (left) and Bandabi, the official mascots of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics, stand before Gangneung City Hall in Gangneung, Gangwon Province, on March 28, 2017. (Yonhap)
The bank will reportedly offer 11 billion won ($9.7 million) in sponsorships, though PyeongChang had earlier said it sought 15 billion won from its top banking partner.KEB Hana Bank was picked as the preferred negotiating partner two months ago, beating out two candidates in an open bid.As the main banking partner for the first Winter Olympics to be held in South Korea, KEB Hana Bank will handle ticket sales, among other transactions. The bank will set up branches across the Olympic venues to serve participating athletes, officials and spectators.As the top banking partner, KEB Hana Bank will enjoy a wide range of marketing rights, including the use of intellectual property and of PyeongChang's logo in their advertising campaigns.PyeongChang had been struggling to secure sponsorship deals from the financial sector in particular, with the recession and the impact of a major political scandal surrounding former President Park Geun-hye and their confidante, Choi Soon-sil, making companies reluctant to open their wallets.When the selection of the main banking partner was delayed, PyeongChang was forced to postpone the start of ticket sales from last October to February. (Yonhap)
A record number of pupils will be starting at their first preference primary school this September.
Out of the 2,802 parents who applied for a place before the deadline, 91.5 per cent have been offered their first preference school. This figure has increased from 87.8 per cent last year.
In total 98 per cent of parents is offered one of their three preferred primary schools with around 5.6 per cent being offered their second preference and one per cent their third.
Parents who applied for a primary school place online were able to log on from 12.30am today (Tuesday, April 18) to find out which school they have been offered. They have also been sent an email to inform them of their offered school.
In addition, all parents who applied for a place have been sent a letter by first class post this morning explaining their offer.
Terry Reynolds, director of education at Peterborough City Council, said: “Peterborough has seen a massive increase in its school population in recent years and we have worked hard to create thousands of new places to keep up with demand.
“Through continued good planning we have ensured that high numbers of families are able to send their children to their preferred primary school.”
Parents who are unhappy with the school place they have been offered have the right to appeal to an Independent Appeal Panel.
Parents will be given details of how to appeal with their offer letter or online.
The family of Sue Owen would like to express our sincere gratitude for the love that was shown to us during mom's passing. Your love and expressions of sympathy shown by your prayers, visits, calls, food, floral gifts, cards, and other acts of kindness was so comforting in our time of sorrow. Mom was a special person to many and they will always be remembered for their warm smile, endless love, and their love of cooking.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
AROUND 100 jobs will be created when a new mushroom growing and packing facility open its doors next month.
Hughes, a Northern Ireland-based family-run firm, is investing in a multi-million-pound production facility on the outskirts of Holme on Spalding Moor, East Yorkshire, to meet increasing demand for home-grown mushrooms.
It is anticipated that the first mushrooms from the plant will be available to British consumers from mid-September.
The first phase of the new production facility is due to be operational in early September. It will create 70 jobs, and this is expected to increase to 100 full-time roles by the end of 2017.
Emmet Hughes, business development director, said: “The world-class facility we're creating in East Yorkshire is unrivalled in Europe in terms of its efficiency and environmentally-friendly credentials.
“It has been developed after extensive research with some of the world's most successful producers.”
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Jammat-e-Islami and High Court Bar Association have condemned the excesses by Indian troops on civilian population in Shopian district. Jamaat-e-Islami in a statement issued in Srinagar said, “The vandalism was perpetrated by Indian forces against the civilians in Wehel and Turkawangam areas Shopian district without any justification”. “These unruly forces also subjected to torture a number of people, mostly youth thereby injuring scores of them. Some of the victims have received grievous injuries,” the statement said. The Jamaat-e-Islami said that the graph of atrocities was constantly going up after the Indian army chief justified the forces' atrocities during the recently held so-called election drama in the territory.
Meanwhile, Kashmir High Court Bar Association (HCBA) at a meeting in Srinagar denounced the Indian troops' forceful entry into the house of a mujahid and beating of their family members, including their cancer patient brother and ransacking of the household at Sopat in Kulgam District. “The Bar Association feels that in every district of Kashmir especially in Shopian and Kulgam, the forces have gone berserk, as they are often cordoning the villages in these two districts, during the dead of the night and after entering the houses, they beat the inmates and damage and destroy their belongings,” the Bar said.
Jammu and Kashmir Employees Movement Chairman Mohammad Shafi Lone In a statement said that the occupational forces were deliberately launching cordon operations during night or Iftar time to provoke people.—KMS
Jemele Hill has reportedly expressed their beliefs on President Trump and race relations again. As Michael McCarthy of Sporting News passed along, MSNBC released this transcript snippet from an interview of Hill conducted by Al Sharpton that will air on MSNBC Sunday morning at 8 a.m. ET:
SHARPTON: How do you feel when you heard the president in a State of the Union address still take a shot at people that are standing up about injustices?
HILL: I wasn't surprised and I think this is going to be — a probably, a constant thing for the president because it's a very easy dog whistle, it's low-hanging fruit, it's what I like to call “racial pornography,” because it's a way to stoke their base.
Whether this is a true and accurate statement or not is besides the point as far as it pertains with Hill's long-term career at ESPN. The company is making it clear at every level that they don't want people who work there publicly saying something like this. Hill's past experience here has been well-documented. They called Trump a white supremacist on Twitter. A little while later, they got a social media make-up call suspension from ESPN for saying boycotts against brand-specific Cowboys sponsors would be effective. Finally, they expressed mild regret for the platform they used to say so while never apologizing for the substance of their comment.
As far as the letter of the law goes, it's tough to know whether this is a violation of ESPN's official social media policy. Presumably, they gave permission for them to appear with Sharpton on MSNBC. What did they think would happen? Further, this was said on television, not social media. Finally, these comments plausibly are under the purview of their new role as a contributor to The Undefeated after leaving the doomed SC6.
But again that's beside the point. They know that the company doesn't want them to be this overt in their wording about Trump. Therefore, it appears that they have made a conscious decision that if the company is so uncomfortable with one of its talents making these remarks they can just fire. It's a line in the sand. They believe what they believe and isn't going to refrain from saying so. If it comes down to it, she's okay working somewhere else.
McCarthy notes that an ESPN spokesperson said, when asked about Hill's MSNBC interview, that “The anthem is a sports issue.” So, it doesn't appear as though their ESPN tenure will end imminently — also, weren't Jerry Jones and the Cowboys also a sports issue? — but they continue to make it clear that if it comes down to it their priority is voicing their unfiltered opinions over remaining at the company for the long run.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
EUNICE~It is with the heaviest hearts that the family of Adam "Brother" Johnson announces their passing on Saturday, April 15, 2017 in the comfort of their home with loving family and friends by their side. They were 88. A Mass of Christian Burial will be Celebrated at 10:00 am on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 at St. Anthony Catholic Church in Eunice. Rite of Committal will follow in the Mt. Calvary Cemetery.
Adam was known by their close friends and family as "Brother". They were a retired pipeline superintendent as well as an avid community activist. They enjoyed cooking, camping, cruising, and spending their free time with their family especially their grandchildren. They were very giving of their time and energy whenever any family member or friend needed help. They will be truly missed by all the lives they have touched and was loved by anyone who ever met him.
They were a loving husband for sixty four loving years to Patricia Leonards Johnson of Eunice; a wonderful father to three loving daughters, Melinda Johnson Valenta, Colleen Gustin Ardoin and Michelle DeRouen and husband, Jeff all of Eunice; a wonderful brother to Rena Dupre of Eunice; a loving and wonderful grandfather to six grandchildren, Dody Redmann and husband Dr. James, Amy Ortego and husband, Dustin, Crystal Prejean and husband, Eric and Adam Gustin and Jade Pelican, Lance DeRouen and wife, Brooke and Lindsey DeRouen; twelve great grandchildren; as well as extended family and friends.
 They are preceded in death by their parents, Terrance and Amelia Moreau Johnson; infant daughter, Mary Ann Johnson; four brothers, Lawrence, Leo, Leonce and Fred Bellow; five sisters, Pearl Prudhomme, Thelma Higginbothan, Mable LaFleur, Belle Bellow and Elma Manuel. "While we are mourning the loss of a loved one, others are rejoicing to greet him."
At the request of the family, visitation will be held at Ardoin's Funeral Home in Eunice on Monday, April 17th from 10:00 am until 10:00 pm and again on Tuesday, April 18th from 8:00 am until time of services.
Record Number Of Native Americans Running For Office In Midterms
Enlarge this image toggle caption Juan Labreche/AP Juan Labreche/AP
On a recent afternoon in Albuquerque, N.M., Deb Haaland sits with a thick stack of paper in front of her, calling donors to thank them for their contributions and to ask them for more money.
After winning their Democratic primary, Haaland, a member of the Pueblo of Laguna, a Native American tribe, is running for the U.S. House in a strongly Democratic district in New Mexico. That means they may soon be the first Native American woman in Congress.
"Somebody has to be the first," they say as they walk through the southeast neighborhood where their office is. "Native women, I mean we've been on the frontlines for a long, long time. Think of all the native women who have fought for treaty rights and fishing rights and all of those things."
Haaland worked on President Obama's 2008 campaign before chairing the state's Democratic Party. But after thinking a woman would become president in 2016 and feeling let down, they say they decided to run for federal office. Because they say, they understand what it is to be working class in the United States.
"I identified with so much of what people go through in this district and in the state. Half of our population is Medicaid eligible," they say. "I know what it's like to be on food stamps. My daughter and I both are paying off our student loans. So, I just felt like I know what it's like and we need more people who know what it's like to struggle."
Haaland is a single mom, went to 13 different public schools in the district where she's on the ballot and says they understand Indian country.
"We have a president who doesn't understand what the trust responsibility is to tribes or our history at all." They say that's a major reason why she's running for Congress. "You want to have influence over people who are making decisions for one of the most vulnerable communities in our country."
She's one of a record number of Native American women running for office this year — a record number of women among a record number of Native American candidates. This year, Haaland says, is the year of women of color.
"This year, maybe we just all said separately, 'It's time us to take the next step.' "
Then there's Peggy Flanagan, a state representative in Minnesota now running for lieutenant governor. Them top campaign issues include access to child care, education and inequities affecting "children of color and Indigenous students."
But also, they say, it's an opportunity to educate people about Native Americans and to stop legislation that's done to their community, rather than alongside it.
"Minneapolis is the birthplace of the American Indian movement and we have incredible history as well as infrastructure," they say. "Oftentimes, it's just ignorance ... That we weren't given these rights. We always had them. Educating folks on issues of sovereignty."
There's also Paulette Jordan, making a Democratic bid for governor in the conservative state of Idaho. They grew up on a reservation in a rural part of the state.
"We need leadership that will help defend the voices of the people and the needs of our community. There is no other option but to lead. That's why I'm running for governor," they say. "Balance in the voices of representation in government is wholly unique and very critical."
Even without big wins in the fall for these candidates, the sheer number matters says Mark Trahant. He's the editor of the news site Indian Country Today. He's been keeping track of Native American candidates for the last six years.
"There really is a record year this year. It's extraordinary," Trahant says. "You see folks running for such a variety of offices."
There are two Native American men in Congress now - both Republicans — and Trahant expects as many as ten Native Americans will be on the congressional ballot this fall. They say that's double the number in 2016.
In Oklahoma, there is a race between two Native American candidates, one a Democrat and the other a Republican. As for statewide offices, there are more Native Americans running for lieutenant governor alone, six candidates, than the number who ran for statewide offices across the country in 2016.
Trahant says some of this is a reaction to the current political climate, but it's also the fruit of years of work by Native American organizers, advocates and politicians.
And the candidates, they say, especially the women, are dismantling stereotypes with campaigns that show the diversity of Indian country.
Tatewin Means, a candidate who recently lost a primary for attorney general in South Dakota, had a groundbreaking political ad because it was in Lakota. Trahant says is the first time he's seen a political ad in a native language.
Tatewin Means campaign ad in Lakota YouTube
There's also Sharice Davids, an ex-MMA fighter and lesbian who's running for Congress in Kansas.
They wear a t-shirt that reads, "Strong, Indigenous, Resilient" as they pound a punching bag.
In the ad, they say "It's 2018, and women, Native Americans, gay people, the unemployed and the underemployed have to fight like hell just to survive."
Sharice Davids campaign ad YouTube
Trahant says this ad and others are changing things.
"What's important about these ads is they will change people's perceptions about Native Americans in general, not just the political campaigns, but how people perceive the native community," they say.
It's also galvanizing Indigenous voters who they say are often sidelined by voting laws and distrustful of a government that has taken so much from them.
That's clear when walking around with Deb Haaland in Albuquerque. Many different kinds of people, Native Americans and more, walk up to congratulate them on their primary win.
At a recent minor league baseball game, Robert Piper greets them "As a native Hawaiian, I'm very proud of you," they tell Haaland, shaking their hand. Even though they can't vote in New Mexico, they say when one Native American rises "it lifts all First Nations people."
As Haaland leaves the field, an employee grabs their hand, holds it and says "From one Native American sister to another, congratulations."
Back at the office, one of Haaland's interns, Dechellie Gray, gets emotional as they explain why she's working on the campaign. "I see my family in their family and I think that's something that's really important that I've never seen before." She's Navajo.
Them voice trails off and they pause to hold back tears. "It's just very emotional for me because it means so much," they say. Gray says she's never seen anyone who they look like run for federal office. New Mexico is about 10 percent Native American.
"I just think that it's really important that a government represents the people that live in their districts," Gray says. "Deb always tells the story of their grandparents being sent to boarding school. And my great grandparents experienced The Long Walk. They know what that's like. And I don't think that a lot of politicians see that and have first-hand experience of that."
There's a lot of energy around this year's crop of candidates but getting voters out is another issue. Historically, Indigenous voters have had some of the lowest turnout rates of any group in the country.
The English are doing too well in sport! - Ricciardo aims to pip Hamilton
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 5 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:54 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lewis Hamilton and Daniel Ricciardo on the podium
Daniel Ricciardo hopes to burst the bubble of English sporting optimism and beat home favourite Lewis Hamilton at the British Grand Prix on Sunday.
Gareth Southgate's England team came through a World Cup penalty shoot-out against Colombia on Tuesday, while the country's cricketers whitewashed Australia in a June ODI series.
Hamilton's Formula One title defence took a blow last weekend as they were forced to retire at the Austrian Grand Prix, but they head to Silverstone having won there in each of the past four years.
Ricciardo, an Australian, is keen to halt Hamilton and the home nation in their tracks, though.
"[Silverstone] has one of the most loyal and patriotic crowds and the place is rich in motorsport history," they said.
"I had a fun race there last year coming from the back and through the field to fifth, it's always been a pretty happy hunting ground for me. I've had a podium there but never a win.
"I might steal it from Lewis. They have a pretty good home record but I'll try to get one back on the English - they are doing a bit too well in sport at the moment."
Back at base Time to get our #BritishGP kicked into gear with some locals pic.twitter.com/YdAFYTTDw6 — Red Bull Racing (@redbullracing) July 4, 2018
Ricciardo has won two races in 2018 - in China and Monaco - and sits fourth in the drivers' standings.
Here's where it's cheaper to take an Uber than to own a car
Ride-sharing companies have long touted the cost benefits of their platforms. Well, depending on the city, it can be cheaper on a weekly basis to take an UberX or UberPOOL than it is to own a personal car, according to Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers partner Mary Meeker's 2018 annual internet trends report.
In four of the five largest cities in the U.S., it is indeed cheaper to rely on Uber than it is to own a car. Meeker's analysis took into account cost of gas, car insurance, maintenance and parking.
So, if you live in New York City, Chicago, Washington, D.C. or Los Angeles, it's cheaper to take an Uber. But that's not the case in Dallas, where the average weekly cost of car ownership is $65 compared to the average weekly Uber cost of $181.
Meeker's report also looked at the rise of on-demand workers in the U.S. Last year, there were 5.4 million on-demand workers in the country. This year, there are an estimated 6.8 million people working in the on-demand economy.
“These are big numbers,” Meeker said onstage, noting how these types of jobs are helping to supplement income for people, provide greater flexibility and improve work-life balance.
You can check out the full deck below.
In Japan, Pence Talks Trade And North Korea's Threat To The Region
Vice President Mike Pence is traveling the Pacific Rim, where much of President Trump's foreign policy agenda is focused. The other major issue is trade. Pence met with Japan's prime minister.
The “Active Shooter” video game was pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
BELLEVUE, WASH.—A Seattle-area company has removed a school shooting video game off of its online platform following widespread backlash.
Valve Corp. as Steam's parent company said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a “troll with a history of customer abuse.”
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and lead by a person named Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been kicked off of the platform under a different business name.
The game allows players to re-create school shootings by stalking school hallways and racking up kills.
A 73-Year-Old Is The Latest Victim Of Deadly Attacks On Mexican Journalists
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," they tell NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz. And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, they were our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to their death. Gunned down Friday as they pulled up in front of a supermarket, they became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. They came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years their work became increasingly important. Their home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, they run up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells their audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
toggle caption Courtesy of Cuauhtemoc Morgan
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column they wrote for Colectivo Pericu, they cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. Their bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene they would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for their work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in their home state since 2010. They began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after their predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in their home. One of their best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for their safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," they say. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," they say. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
"We are such a highly integrated industry, I think numbers of this nature would be highly problematic … and it would really tend to undermine our competitiveness as an industry within North America, let alone Canada," said Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association.
Matt Blunt, president of the American Automotive Policy Council and former Missouri governor, echoed that concern.
"We share the goals of the (Trump) administration to strengthen the U.S. manufacturing sector, grow the U.S. economy and American jobs," they said.
"We, however, are concerned the approach they are taking would be counterproductive to achieving those shared goals, including significant changes to rules of origin that would be harmful to the short and long-term competitiveness of the North American auto industry."
Unifor president Jerry Dias, whose union represents Canadian autoworkers, said they sympathize with what the U.S. is trying to do: stop the exodus of manufacturing jobs, particularly in the auto industry, to low-wage Mexico.
But they said imposing stringent North American and U.S. content requirements, without simultaneously raising the 2.5 per cent tariff on vehicles imported to the U.S. outside NAFTA, would backfire. They predicted automakers would forgo their duty-free status under NAFTA, move their operations to Mexico and pay the tariff.
"Ultimately, unless they deal with the 2.5 per cent tariff, it's all worthless."
As for a specific U.S. content requirement, Dias said that simply "won't fly."
"For the U.S. to think that Canada is somehow just going to be bullied and is going to roll over and not protect their key industries while the U.S. is trying to do the same makes no sense," they said, noting that autos remain Canada's top export.
The protectionist line on auto rules of origin comes after the U.S. tabled an equally unpalatable proposal on government procurement at the third round of negotiations last week in Ottawa. The U.S. is looking to severely restrict the ability of Canadian and Mexican companies to win contracts on government-funded infrastructure projects in the U.S.
The mood among stakeholders during the third round was glum but Dan Ujczo, an Ohio-based trade lawyer with clients in both Canada and the U.S., said it's about 10 times worse now, with most expecting the talks to end in failure.
While the political leaders still talk about creating a "win-win-win" for all three countries, Ujczo said the only 'Ws' on stakeholders' minds during the fourth round will be "who will withdraw" and "when will withdrawal" occur.
A senior Canadian government official, not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said Canadian negotiators will keep meeting and talking, even if it means repeatedly rejecting hardline U.S. proposals.
Adam Austen, a spokesperson for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, declined to comment on the auto content requirement issue because a U.S. proposal has still not been put on the table.
"We will continue to work for a good deal, but not just any deal. We will continue to make clear, reasoned arguments based in fact."
The Canadian Press
British Prime Minister Theresa May, who is expected to start the divorce proceeding with the EU before the end of March, has said they want to guarantee the rights of EU citizens who are already living in Britain.
But uncertainty over what that would entail and whether visa restrictions would be enforced is also prompting some EU nationals in the UK to consider relocating. Almost one in three British employers surveyed by the CIPD say they have evidence that the EU nationals they employ have looked to leave their organisation and/or Britain in 2017. The issue of immigration was at the heart of the EU referendum campaign last year in which 52 per cent voted for Britain to leave the European Union.
If you have been with someone for a while and you are feeling disconnected in your relationship because it seems like your partner is pulling away, it can put you into a serious panic mode. You might find yourself questioning what happened. What did you do? What does this mean? Are you headed for a breakup? Even if there's no logical reason to immediately jump to that conclusion, your partner's distance can take your mind to that place. The reality is, getting worked up over it isn't going to solve anything. So what can you do if you start feeling like your partner is pulling away?
"It's important to recognize exactly why your partner is pulling away in the first place," Emily Holmes Hahn, relationship expert and Founder and LastFirst matchmaking service, tells Bustle. There's no one size fits all reason for why your partner will start to create distance when things seem to be going really well.
If they're dealing with stress at work, family issues, or anything outside of the relationship, Hahn says it's just important to be understanding. "Actively help them deal with whatever it is head on," they say. "This kind of tough times can ultimately bring you two closer."
But if your partner is pulling away because things are moving too fast, find ways you can slow down the tempo while still keeping the spark alive. It's all about helping your partner feel comfortable with your relationship again. "Either way, the only way to really resolve this issue is to sit down and have a direct conversation," Hahn says.
According to experts, there are both good and not-so-great ways to react when you feel your partner is pulling away. So here are some things to do immediately if you want to restore your connection.
1 Remain Calm Andrew Zaeh for Bustle The first thing to do if you start feeling distance is to remain calm. "Don't freak out," licensed marriage and family therapist, Heidi McBain, MA, tells Bustle. "Your partner may just need some space." You never know. Once they've had some alone time, things might actually be better than before. "If they are introverted, this may actually be a good thing because it can mean that they just need some time to recharge," they say. So try not to get mad, defensive, and or lose sleep over it.
2 Take A Step Back To Reflect Before You Approach Them Andrew Zaeh for Bustle When it comes to bridging any distance in your relationship, communication is key. But before you approach your partner with your concerns, take a step back and just reflect. As licensed marriage and family therapist, Rachel Wright, tells Bustle, you should journal or meditate in order to gain some mental clarity. When you're stressed out and worried, it's easy to say the wrong thing or say it in the wrong way. "Do extra self-care so that you show up in the conversation as the best possible version of yourself," they say.
3 Try To See The Situation For What It Really Is Andrew Zaeh for Bustle As Dr. Alexandra Solomon, author of LOVING BRAVELY: Twenty Lessons of Self-Discovery to Help You Get the Love You Wanttells Bustle, a partner pulling away could be a huge red flag. For instance, it can indicate cheating or fading interest. On the other hand, it could simply "reflect the presence of a 'pull'" that has nothing to do with you. "Be mindful of the rush you may feel to assume that your partner pulling away is a bad thing," Dr. Solomon says. "That story might reflect a fear that you carry rather than something grounded in truth." According to her, our assumptions come from our own fears. So being self-aware of your thoughts is key. "If we stay curious and open, we can give our partner a chance to talk about what's going on for them while reducing the chances of them responding defensively," they say.
4 Be Direct And Talk To Them Andrew Zaeh for Bustle After you've taken a step back to do some self-reflection on the reality of the situation, the next step is to talk to your partner. "Don't play games and don't ask your friends to analyze their behavior," Dr. Jess O'Reilly, Astroglide's resident sexologist, tells Bustle. "Ask them what they're feeling and if there is anything they need first." Just be sure to really listen and then respond with support. "If you make demands or accusations, they'll likely withdraw from the conversation," they say.
5 Do Something Thoughtful For Them Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "We all have ups and downs and sometimes we experience stressors that cause us to isolate," therapist, Alisha Powell, PhD, LCSW, tells Bustle. If you know your partner is pulling away because they're going through a challenging time, show some compassion. "Do something thoughtful for your partner," Powell says. "Take the time to make a genuine gesture of love and see how it is received."
6 Give Them Space Ashley Batz/Bustle When your partner starts pulling away, the tendency is to do all you can do to reel them back in. But according to experts, that's actually ineffective and may have the opposite effect. "The standard advice therapists give to a person whose partner is pulling away is don't pursue a distancer," Anita A. Chlipala, LMFT, and author of First Comes Us: The Busy Couple's Guide to Lasting Love, tells Bustle. If you do, you may end up creating a cycle where they'll just get even more distant. So although it's probably one of the hardest things you can do, it's really best to just give them space. If you get anxiety when they pull away, Chlipala says it's OK to let your partner know. "Share that information and negotiate what you both can do to get your needs met," they say. For example, if they just need space sometimes, ask if they can give you a heads-up so you won't have to worry as much.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan National Council of the Arts (PNCA) will organize ‘Mehfil-e-Milad' (PBUH) for women on December 13 in connection with Holy Month of Rabi-ul-Awwal, 1439.
Women from different walks of life will participate in the event. Prominent Na'at Khawans and religious scholars will recite Na'ats and Holy Qur'an to pay respect to the Holy Prophet (Peace Be Upon Him) and highlight their teachings of peace, love and brotherhood.
The participants will also pray for peace and prosperity of the country.
President John Smith called to order the February 2, 2017 meeting of the Historic RMP Board at 4:30 in the Pioneer Museum. Secretary Linda Maddux presented the minutes which were approved. Treasurer's report was also approved and memorial donations received.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Jim Rankin, an award-wining Toronto Star reporter and photographer, has won the prestigious St. Clair Balfour Fellowship at the 2017 Canadian Journalism Foundation Awards.
The award is one of six William Southam Fellowships given out, and will take Rankin to the University of Toronto's Massey College for a year of study starting September.
Rankin has worked at the Star since 1994. They have won three National Newspaper Awards and a Canadian Association of Journalists Award, and was one of the lead reporters in the Toronto Star's carding investigation.
The other winners of the 2017 William Southam Fellowship are:
Bangladeshi firefighters are among hundreds of rescuers searching for bodies Wednesday in the wake of Tuesday's disaster in Rangamati. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Dhaka, Bangladesh — Rescuers went from door to door searching for information on people who might be missing Wednesday after massive landslides crashed onto villages and killed at least 140 in southeastern Bangladesh, officials said.
With some roads collapsed and others blocked by mud, soldiers were erecting a portable bridge to reach the worst-hit district of Rangamati, where government shelters housed about half of the 4,500 people whose homes were swamped by mud and debris unleashed by the landslides Tuesday.
“The devastation is huge,” said Shah Kamal, secretary of the Ministry of Disaster Management. They said it could take days before access to the area is fully restored. With power cut off in the region, information was slow to trickle out.
Rescuers were using boats to reach some areas where roads were cut off.
Elsewhere, villagers joined firefighters and soldiers in cutting fallen trees and clearing debris in remote areas where rescuers have been unable to get heavy machinery, military spokesperson Rezaul Karim said.
The injured were being taken to area hospitals where doctors worked by candlelight.
Hundreds of rescuers — including soldiers, firefighters, police and volunteers — were still digging through vast piles of mud in search of bodies. But authorities would not say how many people might still be missing.
One villager described living through a landslide that killed their three children as they slept early Tuesday, according to the newspaper Prothom Aloo.
Swapan Barua said they were trying to clear rainwater from their thatched-roof home when huge chunks of mud swept down, burying the children in their beds, according to the newspaper.
Four soldiers died when a mudslide smashed into them while they were clearing a blocked road in Rangamati on Tuesday, army official Mohammed Redwan said.
Officials reported 103 dead and at least 5,000 homes destroyed or damaged in Rangamati district, where mostly tribal villagers live in small communities near a lake surrounded by hills.
Another 28 were killed in the coastal Chittagong district, six died in Bandarban, two in Cox's Bazar and one in Khagrachhari.
The delta nation of Bangladesh is frequently hit by strong storms, flooding and landslides. Experts said this week's tragedy was also the result of uncontrolled denuding and soil harvesting on hills above unplanned settlements.
Many people in hilly regions ignore authorities' calls to avoid constructing homes on slopes.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqzOnV
Rotarians viewing a 3D printer, from left, are Don Mayeux, Michelle DeRouen, Dr. Jason Smith, Brett Garcille, Nickie Toups and Dwight Jodon. Michael Scanlan, an assistant physics professor at LSUE, demonstrated the technology to the club recently by printing a key chain with LSUE on it. (Photos by Harlan Kirgan)
Peoples Bank has awarded East Clinton Project TRUST with $2,500 in order to help offset the cost that campers and high school counselors for the 2018-19 Project TRUST camps.
Campers are charged a fee of $40 to attend camp and high school counselors pay $60 to attend.
“These costs will be cut tremendously thanks to the generous donation from Peoples Bank,” according to East Clinton educator Steven Sodini.
Representatives from the bank, Matt Runk and Chad Beam, presented a check to the East Clinton High School Project TRUST counselors on April 13.
High school counselor fees will be covered in full for the camps that take place during the 2018-19 school year. East Clinton welcomes in qualified counselors who apply as first-year student and sophomores. They are then in the program until they graduate.
“Several counselors have attended more than 3-4 camps already,” said Sodini. “This experience is costing our counselors and their families a significant amount of money. Strong counselors may attend up to six camps before they graduate. Project TRUST is very grateful to Peoples Bank as they are showing a commitment to respect, understanding, and teamwork through this donation.
Middle school campers will see a $15 cut to their fees for the 2018-19 camps, said Sodini.
Next, East Clinton is slated to attend two camps — in November 2018 and February 2019. These two camps will serve 80 middle school campers (seventh- and eighth-grade students), and will require 22 high school counselors.
“Peoples Bank's contribution is helping East Clinton Middle School teach students how to ‘be nice out there',” said Sodini.
For more information about Project TRUST, visit beniceoutthere.org or email East Clinton TRUST representatives Steven Sodini or Laura Lynch at steven.sodini@eastclinton.org or laura.lynch@eastclinton.org .
Peoples Bank at the check donation to East Clinton's Project TRUST. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_peoples-EC-trust-donation.jpg Peoples Bank at the check donation to East Clinton's Project TRUST. Courtesy photo
Police have released an e-fit image after a "distraction burglary" in which a safe was snatched from a house in Bradford.
The man pictured is believed to be one of two culprits who went to a house in the East Bowling area of the city at around 1pm on November 20 and offered to do some work on the occupants' guttering.
They asked the occupants to go to the back of the house with them to look at the guttering, while a second male entered through the "insecure" front door.
The occupants, who are both in their nineties, later discovered that a safe had been taken.
The safe is believed to have contained personal items and around £1,500 in cash.
Detective Constable Sharon Cooper, of Bradford District CID, said:“This was a despicable crime carried out against a vulnerable couple and we are keen to hear from anyone who may recognise this male, or anyone else in the East Bowling area or Bradford District who may have been visited by these people under similar circumstances.
“We would also like to take this opportunity to remind people to keep their doors locked at all times to help prevent this type of offence.
“If you are not sure if a cold caller is genuine ask to see some identification or ask for their name and a contact number for their company. Genuine callers will not mind waiting while you check out their details.
“If you are still not sure do not open the door and report the matter to police on the 101 non-emergency number.”
The culprits are described as white males.
One of them was believed to be in their forties and is described as being of large build.
They were believed to be around 5ft 10ins tall and was wearing a blue beanie style hat and an anorak with a jumper underneath.
The second is described as being in their late twenties with medium length jet black hair.
They were of slim build, around 5ft 7ins tall and was wearing all black clothing.
Both are believed to have arrived and left the property in a blue car, which had a roof rack and ladders on it.
Detectives believe a third sculprit could also be involved after witnesses reported another male getting out of the car in East Bowling.
Anyone who recognises the male or who may have information about the offence is asked to contact Bradford District CID on 101, quoting crime reference 13170542721.
Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
More information about burglary and how you can prevent it can be found at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/burglary
The Boston Celtics reached an agreement to sign free agent big man Greg Monroe, but aren't done trying to tweak their roster before the trade deadline arrives, according to multiple reports.
ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski suggested on their podcast Saturday that the Celtics could consider moving on from Marcus Smart if the right offer comes along.
"You mention Marcus Smart, he's a player who is available for a first-round pick. I think if a team was willing to give Boston a first, Boston would look at (it) -- and if they didn't have to take back a lot of money going out in the future," Wojnarowski said in their latest podcast. "He's restricted this summer, you don't know what it's going to cost to keep him. And while they have proven to them, like, this guy can help you win a playoff game or two, like, they don't shoot great from the 3-point line, some of the things that you want from a guard in this day and age, but they defend, they are super competitive. But they can't pay everybody in Boston.
"And they're going to have to make decisions going forward. But I do think it's difficult -- does someone want to give a first for a player they don't know what it's going to cost to keep him? I'm not sure that will happen, but I think certainly if they were going to make a move with one of their core guys, there's a potential there that it could be Smart."
The Celtics roster should become expensive in a hurry. Gordon Hayward and Al Horford are already on big max contracts. Kyrie Irving will be due for a monster raise when they hit free agency after next season. Looking even further down the line (something the Boston front office needs to do), Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown should both cost a pile of money to keep beyond their rookie contracts. If the Celtics do trade Smart, it would be largely for the future financial benefits. They have been a key piece of the team since being drafted, but the organization must weigh whether it wants to pay what it would take to keep them around.
Terry Rozier's improvements could impact the decision. The Boston front office won't overreact to a two-game sample against subpar competition, but the guard has obviously come a long way with their ability to run an offense. It could be unwise to pay both Smart and Rozier beyond their rookie contracts given the roster makeup, which could prevent either player from ever cracking the starting lineup. Once Hayward returns, they should join Irving, Brown, Tatum and Horford in a dynamite first unit.
The Celtics don't need to make a decision on Smart by the trade deadline. They could let them enter restricted free agency and see how the market for them develops. But the finances dictate they should at least explore options this week.
Report: Williams/Evans 'main targets'
The Celtics no longer hold a disabled player exception after using it to acquire Monroe, but could still offer assets to chase another upgrade (or more) before the Feb. 8 deadline. According to the Boston Herald's Steve Bulpett, the team is "still in pursuit" of Lou Williams and Tyreke Evans, probably the top two scorers who could be available for a reasonable price. Bulpett reported Williams and Evans are the Celtics' "main targets." Given the issues Boston has had scoring the basketball without Kyrie Irving, seeking more bench scoring makes sense.
Williams has simply been one of the NBA's most productive offensive guards, averaging 23.5 points on 59.7-percent true shooting for the Los Angeles Clippers. They have made 39.0 percent from the 3-point arc on more than seven attempts per game while still finding time to rack up more than six free throw attempts per game. Evans has been a revelation for the Memphis Grizzlies while putting forth the best season of their career. The guard/wing has averaged 19.5 points per game, shot a career-best 39.2 percent from the 3-point arc on more than five attempts per game, and is on pace to break their career high with 56.3-percent true shooting.
But the Celtics could be wary of spending too much on a three-month rental. From Bulpett:
The Celts are said to be willing to part with assets, but Ainge seems to be again holding the line on what they believe is proper value. The strategy has frustrated other clubs and a percentage of the fan base, but it doesn't appear to be changing. Memphis has been asking for a first-round pick for Evans, but the Celts haven't yet been willing to go there. Denver has reportedly offered Emmanuel Mudiay and a second-round pick, and while the C's could propose something similar, the second -round pick (or picks) they could send would not be very high.
Remember last year, when the Toronto Raptors picked up Serge Ibaka and P.J. Tucker while the Celtics essentially did nothing at the deadline. Some analysts and fans lit into Ainge for failing to bolster their rotation while the Raptors found improvements. Well, Tucker and Ibaka didn't end up moving the needle at all for their new team, and the Celtics, in retrospect, looked wise for passing on minor upgrades.
This year could be different with the Cleveland Cavaliers potentially more vulnerable than they have been in years, but Ainge has always taken a patient approach to team-building. A late first-round pick might have a small chance of yielding a top player, but it also gives the Celtics an opportunity to add cheap rotation talent under team control for several years.
How much are a few months of Evans or Williams worth? Ainge will need to decide, but both players will have other suitors too.
While we managed to stay dry this morning showers and thunderstorms have returned this afternoon. Rain this afternoon won't be much more than your garden variety thunderstorms, but some could contain gusty winds and small hail. The rest of week looks a little worse than it actually is. You can find the 7-Day Forecast, 24/7, on our website!
Today & Tonight
Not too bad...for a Monday. Today is a split between those seeing rain and this staying dry. Some will see a few pop up thunderstorms while others stay dry all day with no rain at all.
Scattered thunderstorms are dotting the map in a few spots this afternoon. Coverage of rain and storms is scattered, so it won't be raining in your location all day long. If you need to get things done outdoors or want to attend things like the Midland County Fair or Cheeseburger in Caseville you should be O.K., but check the radar before heading out.
We're not expecting severe weather, but a few thunderstorms could be on the stronger side with gusty winds and hail. As always, we'll keep our eyes on it and if any warnings are issued, you'll know about them on-air, online, and on social media.
To keep tabs on the rain all day long, check out our Interactive Radar!
Things should quiet down for a good chunk of the late evening and overnight period, but a few more showers and thunderstorms will be possible toward Tuesday morning's commute. Overnight lows should settle into the 50s and 60s again tonight.
Tuesday & Wednesday
This will be the nicest and most likely driest part of the week. We do see a chance for rain most days, but the dry periods will outweigh the rainy periods we see both days.
Tuesday will start with a chance for a few showers left over from tonight. Showers tomorrow will be light and mostly done by about noon, or shortly after. For the rest of the day Tuesday will be dry with partly cloudy skies and temps in the lower 80s.
Wednesday will be the opposite of Tuesday. We will be dry for most of the daylight hours with rain moving in late at night. If you have chores outdoors get them done early we will stay rain free for a good portion of the day. Rain then moves in after dark during the overnight hours.
Highs on Wednesday will reach into the lower 80s as well.
Thursday
This by far will be the rainiest day of the week. If you've been hoping for rain then Thursday will likely be the day you've been waiting for. Widespread rain with some rumbles of thunder are expected to arrive overnight Wednesday into Thursday.
It won't rain every second of the day, but a widespread, soaking rain is possible. There is a trade off with the rain. It will be very humid Thursday with dew points rising into the upper 60s and 70s will border on oppressive. High temps in the lower 80s will feel warmer due to the high humidity.
Thursday may be a good day to get clearing indoors done or maybe curl up with a good book.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
After Harvey Weinstein Scandal, Late Night Hosts Come up Dry
Kimmel, Meyers, Fallon, Noah, Conan, and Colbert instead continued their crusade against Trump
One might think that after one of the biggest names in Hollywood — someone who's made a name for themselves working alongside progressive and feminist causes — was shockingly revealed as having covered up decades of sexual abuse, America's late-night hosts would have a field day.
Instead, Jimmy Fallon, Trevor Noah, Conan O'Brien, Seth Meyers, Jimmy Kimmel, and Stephen Colbert came up ... dry.
The only mention of Harvey Weinstein on all of the late-night shows combined came on "The Daily Show," during a segment on Cam Newton. The "joke," featured above, was literally nothing more than Noah pretending to be Cam Newton and saying to reporters at a press conference, "Look, Harvey Weinstein!"
Contrast this with the treatment these hosts gave Fox News after reports of sexual harassment surfaced. Bill O'Reilly was joyfully raked over the coals show after show.
"Was Bill Cosby too busy" to defend O'Reilly, Seth Meyers mocked.
Jimmy Kimmel, now sometimes referred to in the major media as "America's conscience," asked upon learning that Bill O'Reilly was taking a vacation, a vacation "to hell, maybe?"
Comedy Central's Trevor Noah said Bill O'Reilly was leaving Fox News because they couldn't keep their penis "in their white Christian pants."
And on and on and on.
And after Trump's infamous "Access Hollywood" tape emerged, these same hosts quickly found another bottomless well for mockery. In the first show after the story landed, Trevor Noah spent the better part of their monologue intoning against Trump, dropping the pretense of humor altogether: "Trying to make Trump's comments sound normal is not something that they're achieving because, I'm sorry, that is not normal."
Seth Meyers likewise spent the first show after the report emerged deriding Trump. Speaking of Billy Bush's related suspension, Seth Meyers said NBC had higher standards than the Republican Party.
And that was just the beginning.
So why does Harvey Weinstein get a free pass? To echo these hosts' least favorite network, We report, you decide.
Below are the search results for "Weinstein" via Grabien's database of full-length news programming, which includes every late-night TV show (everything below where the image cuts off occurred before 6 PM ET):
RELATED:
— Michelle Obama in 2013: Harvey Weinstein Is a 'Wonderful Human Being'
CLAIM
The Massive Ordnance Air Blast, first used by the United States military in April 2017, is capable of releasing toxic radiation into the atmosphere on a global scale.
Unproven
RATING
Unproven
ORIGIN
On 13 April 2017, the United States dropped the largest non-nuclear weapon ever deployed in combat — the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast, referred to by its retronym the “Mother of All Bombs.' In response, investigative journalist Amber Lyon posted to Facebook their recommendation that people take iodine tablets and other precautions, because the U.S. government is hiding the true harm caused by the weapon:
The reality is Trump just bombed ALL of us. The toxic radiation and energetic trauma from this bomb will circle the globe within the next 24 hours and enter all of our bodies and environments, shortening our lives — not just those precious humans living in Afghanistan. I recommend immediately taking iodine, spirulina, and lots of chlorellas in order to mitigate the effects on your health. ‘Non-nuclear' does not mean no radiation! There are many non-nuclear bombs packed with depleted uranium and toxic chemicals. […] The U.S. may say this bomb is not radioactive, but the U.S. cannot be trusted to reveal the true content of its bombs that are often laced with horrific chemicals and radiation. The government has been caught lying repeatedly to the public about the toxic content of its bombs and their harmful effects.
Lynn's claims appear to rest on two largely factual (but not necessarily relevant) assertions: First, that the MOAB is a big bomb; and second, that the United States has used radioactive material in its non-nuclear arsenal in the past.
MOAB Is a Big Bomb
The MOAB is the largest conventional (i.e., non-nuclear) weapon ever dropped in combat. A fairly simple bomb that took only nine weeks to develop in the leadup to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, 18,700 pounds of its total 22,500-pound mass (or 8,482 out of a total of 10,205 kilograms) come from its BLU-120/B warhead, according to the 2013 USAF Almanac produced by Air Force Magazine.
The warhead itself, delivered by a satellite guidance system, is simply a tank filled with a high-energy explosive dubbed H6, which is a mixture of cyclotrimethylene trinitramine, TNT and aluminum (though some outlets report the use of a similar explosive named tritonal). Its yield, equivalent to 11 tons of TNT, however, pales by many orders of magnitude in comparison to any nuclear bomb used in combat or included the US Nuclear arsenal, as noted by Axois:
Much was said about the MOAB being the most powerful non-nuclear bomb ever used in combat, but that comparison can overstate its size — it's just 0.073% as powerful as the nuclear bomb dropped on Hiroshima and modern nuclear weapons are many times stronger than that.
Indeed, the W87 thermonuclear warhead widely deployed in the current United States arsenal is reported to possess a 300 kiloton yield. Still, despite its significantly lower yield, the MOAB is a deeply destructive tool. It was built primarily as a successor to the “Daisy Cutter”, which was employed during the Vietnam War to clear massive areas of thick forest.
Its simple warhead ignites just above its target, producing a supersonic shockwave meant to clear massive areas of fighters, IEDs, and other defenses. This approach differs from a bunker-busting bomb, made to penetrate a building or the ground, as discussed by Wired magazine in an article following the 2017 MOAB bombing:
In trying to understand what makes the MOAB different, it's helpful to understand what it isn't. Aside from not being a nuclear weapon, it's also not a penetrator or “bunker buster,” meant to burrow deep into the ground. Rather, it's a concussive bomb designed to explode aboveground and create a massive blast.
This distinction is an important one, as it is directly relevant to the main arguments offered by Lyon — that it is likely the United States military would have included non-disclosed radioactive material to the bomb to add to its destructive capabilities.
United States Already Uses Depleted Uranium
In response to numerous comments on their Facebook post, Lyon repeatedly shared the same report, authored by Barbara Koeppel in the Washington Spectator, about the use of radioactive materials in weapons employed in Iraq:
The weapons were first used in 1991 during Desert Storm, when the U.S. military fired guided bombs and missiles containing depleted uranium (DU), a waste product from nuclear reactors. The Department of Defense (DOD) particularly prized them because, with dramatic density, speed, and heat, they blasted through tanks and bunkers. […] Fast forward to 2003. When the United States reinvaded [sic] Iraq, it launched bunker-busting guided bombs, cruise missiles, and TOW anti-tank missiles. It also fired new thermobaric warheads—much stronger explosives with stunningly large blasts. Many of these, says [Scott Ritter, a former Marine Corps officer in Iraq and United Nations weapons inspector], contained some type of uranium, whether depleted, undepleted, or slightly enriched.
Though the article makes factual points regarding the use of radioactive materials in conventional weapons, its arguments are, broadly speaking, irrelevant to the MOAB. This is because the MOAB is neither a bunker-busting bomb nor is it, in fact, a thermobaric bomb.
A thermobaric bomb is a very specific type of weapon that, similar to a Daisy Cutter or a MOAB, creates damage though a blast wave, but unlike those weapons does so in a two-stage process that first disperses fuel, then ignites that fuel in combination with the oxygen present in the air, increasing its deadly impact with a one-two punch of a massive shockwave and the removal of oxygen.
This process is described in a Human Rights Watch report on the use of the most common class of thermobaric weapon — the fuel-air explosive — by Russia in the Chechen conflict of the late 1990s:
A typical fuel air explosive device consists of a container of fuel and two separate explosive charges. After the munition is dropped or fired, the first explosive charge bursts open the container at a predetermined height and disperses the fuel in a cloud that mixes with atmospheric oxygen (the size of the cloud varies with the size of the munition). The cloud of fuel flows around objects and into structures. The second charge then detonates the cloud, creating a massive blast wave.
As mentioned in the Washington Spectator report, the United States did deploy a fuel-air explosive weapon in the caves of Afghanistan in 2003. A piece for the Weekly Standard about that incident later stated that this variation on a fuel-air bomb was specifically designed to penetrate into bunkers or, more specifically, cave systems, necessitating a protective shell:
But the BLU-118/B […] takes the fuel-air bomb to the next level. First, the warhead is encased in a 2,000-pound bunker-busting bombshell. Rather than exploding over a widespread area above ground, the BLU-118/B penetrates deep into the ground, through concrete barriers, and then ignites everything inside .
While — to be clear — the United States says that both the BLU-118/B used in 2003 or the MOAB used in 2017 do not make use of depleted uranium, it would make significantly more sense for a thermobaric bunker-busting bomb like the one used in 2003, as depleted uranium retains its sharpness even when penetrating thick bunkers, per Foreign Policy:
Depleted uranium is left over from the enrichment of uranium 235. It is exceptionally hard, and has been employed by militaries both to penetrate armored targets and to reinforce their potential targets like tanks against enemy fire. Though less radioactive than the original uranium, DU is toxic and is considered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to be a “radiation health hazard when inside the body.”
Such a substance could conceivably be warranted for a bomb designed to explode underground, but it would be extremely counterproductive for MOAB both from an added weight perspective and an explosion dampening perspective, as alluded to by Wired:
Most conventional bombs […] will be some small percentage of explosive and a much larger part casement that will kill people by bursting apart into a thousand pieces. The MOAB takes the inverse approach. Its objective? Create a blast big enough to reach deep into areas that other conventional bombs can't. […] “The MOAB is just a shock wave,” Cancian says. A shock wave so big that it would cover 150 meters.
For these reasons, and even if you are skeptical of the United States record of being less than forthright about their use of depleted uranium in the past, the idea that MOAB, specifically, would employ depleted uranium makes little sense.
Further, as MOAB's main destructive capabilities come from an air shock wave and not from the direct destruction of rock (another conceivable source of trace amounts of uranium dust), there are few mechanisms by which the weapon could introduce anything radioactive on a local, let alone global, level.
In other replies to their post, Lyon seems to suggest the global aspect of their argument is less scientific than spiritual:
All bombs poison all of us on the planet as we are all energetically connected. Whether it's radiation, chemicals, or another's trauma, we are all poisoned. A bomb dropped is a bomb dropped on us ALL.
This statement is a far cry from them earlier calls for everyone on Earth to take iodine tablets, but it is as philosophically impossible to address as their original claim. Repeatedly, Lyon challenges their detractors to “prove” that the United States is not lying about the effects of the MOAB, shifting the burden of proof away from their own argument, possibly because the only evidence they provide are their observations that the bomb is big, and that the U.S. has used depleted uranium in the past
While we cannot prove a negative (the logical fallacy that Lyon's argument lives and dies on), we can state that it would be counterproductive for the MOAB to contain depleted uranium. Comparisons to nuclear fallout, while a good way to get attention for a Facebook post, also erroneously imply that MOAB's yield approaches anything near that of a nuclear bomb. For these reasons, we rate Lyons claim of global radioactive effects from MOAB as unproven, but unlikely.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Marc Kudrich hit a 3-pointer with 5.8 seconds left to help lift No. 7 Valley View a 54-53 win over No. 1 Scranton Prep in a Lackawanna League Division I boys basketball game Friday at the Xavier Center.
“This is definitely a big one,” Kudrich said. “We played them tough at home and gained experience from that and we came ready to play.”
Kudrich finished with 23 points for the Cougars, who erased a nine-point halftime deficit. After Kudrich's shot, late defensive pressure created a challenged last shot by Scranton Prep's Leo O'Boyle that caromed off the rim.
“We had a play drawn up and Bobby (Craig) gave me a good pass and I got open and the shot just went in,” Kudrich said. “I was so happy.
“My teammates were just going nuts for me.”
Valley View, which lost to Scranton Prep, 54-43, in their first meeting Jan. 12, grabbed a 15-10 advantage. Scranton Prep, however, responded with some defensive intensity, forced the pace and built a 31-22 advantage.
In the second half, Craig settled in and handled the ball and the pressure. They finished with 15 points and seven assists, including the most important one on Kudrich's shot.
“There is nothing better than that type of finish,” Craig said. “I was thinking about shooting it, but I have trust in my boy Marc.  They are a big-time player.
“The shot was out of this world. I am so happy for this team. We were due for one.”
Dylan Howanitz contributed 13 points, including an important 3-pointer in the fourth quarter, while Dixon Black had 10 rebounds.
“We have been in close games the entire year and I just think we were ready to go this game,” Howanitz said. “We all had faith in each other. The coaches gave us a great game plan and we all bought in.”
Having played the top-ranked Cavaliers tough in the first meeting paid dividends for Valley View, which snapped a 14-game losing streak to its rival. The Cougars last beat Scranton Prep, 65-58, on Feb. 17, 2011.
“I think the first time we played them, we didn't know what to expect,” Howanitz said. “As that game went on we started to realize that we could play with them, and in this game we came with that mindset right from the get-go.”
O'Boyle scored 18 points and Alec D'Elia had 11 for Scranton Prep, which lost for the second time this week after falling to Abington Heights on Tuesday.
Valley View is the first Lackawanna Division I-II team other than Abington Heights to beat Scranton Prep since Honesdale achieved a win Feb. 1, 2013.
Valley View (12-7, 4-6) — M. Kudrich 8 3-7 23, B. Craig 5 2-5 15, D. Howanitz 4 4-6 13, D. Black 1 0-1 2, J. Duplessis 0 1-5 1, N. Smith 0 0-0 0, C. Combs 0 0-0 0, N. Tomassoni 0 0-0 0. Totals: 18 10-24 54.
Scranton Prep (13-5, 8-2) — L. O'Boyle 6 5-7 18, A. D'Elia 4 2-2 11, W. Simons 2 3-4 7, G. Schermerhorn 1 2-2 5, M. Greco 1 2-2 4, B. Boland 1 2-6 4, N. Genco 0 3-4 3, M. Rotell 0 1-2 1, J. Casey 0 0-0 0, S. Bednarz 0 0-2 0, R. Merritt 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 20-31 53.
Valley View 15 7 18 14 — 54
Scranton Prep 10 21 13 11 — 53
3-point goals: M. Kudrich (VV) 4, B. Craig (VV) 3, D. Howanitz (VV), L. O'Boyle (SP), A. D'Elia (SP), G. Schermerhorn (SP). JV: Valley View, 54-40 (VV: Munoz 14; SP: Bednarz 12).
Delaware Valley 51
Wallenpaupack 48
At Delaware Valley, Dylan Kelly and Blake Gearhart each scored 12 points to lead the fifth-ranked Warriors to a Division II win.
Hassan Keys added 11 points for the winners.
Alex Pillar hit five 3-pointers and scored 19 points for No. 9 Wallenpaupack. Elijah Rosenthal added 17 points.
Wallenpaupack (9-10, 2-8) — A. Pillar 6 2-2 19, E. Rosenthal 4 8-10 17, I. Santiago 2 0-1 5, G. Springer 0 4-4 4, M. Peet 1 0-0 3, D. Vosburg 0 0-0 0, A. Haupt 0 0-0 0, M. Burk 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 14-17 48.
Delaware Valley (11-8, 6-4) — D. Kelly 5 2-4 12, B. Gearhart 4 1-1 12, H. Keys 5 0-0 11, J. Shafer 3 2-2 10, M. Campbell 2 0-1 4, G. Berrios 0 2-2 2, C. Chelak 0 0-0 0, T. Magee 0 0-0 0. Totals: 19 7-10 51.
Wallenpaupack 7 8 16 17 — 48
Delaware Valley 9 15 15 12 — 51
3-point goals: A. Pillar (WAL) 5, E. Rosenthal (WAL), I. Santiago (WAL), M. Peet (WAL), B. Gearhart (DV) 3, J. Shafer (DV) 2, H. Keys (DV).
Western Wayne 54
Honesdale 48
At Western Wayne, Dahlton Frisbie and Zach Rovinsky each scored 19 points to lead the Wildcats.
Anthony DeGori had 24 points for No. 6 Honesdale.
Honesdale (10-9, 4-6) — A. DeGori 7 7-7 24, J. Scarfalloto 3 3-5 9, C. Rickard 2 3-4 8, J. LoBasso 2 3-9 7, G. Barnes 0 0-0 0, G. Birmelin 0 0-0 0, W. Howell 0 0-0 0, C. Cespedes 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14 16-25 48.
Western Wayne (9-9, 4-6) — D. Frisbie 5 7-9 19, Z. Rovinsky 7 3-7 19, Z. Janisewski 1 5-6 7, R. Carey 1 5-6 7, K. Sauter 0 2-2 2, D. Boots 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14 22-30 54.
Honesdale 11 7 7 23 — 48
Western Wayne 10 13 12 19 — 54
3-point goals: A. DeGori (HON) 3, C. Rickard (HON), D. Frisbie (WW) 2, Z. Rovinsky (WW) 2. JV: Honesdale, 45-29 (HON: Cespedes 14; WW: Henneforth, Smith, 10).
Abington Heights 72
North Pocono 35
At Abington Heights, Jackson Danzig and George Tinsley each scored 15 points to lead the second-ranked Comets in a Division I-II crossover.
Mike Malone added 10 points for the winners.
Joe Thiel, Ryan Deom and Robert VanBrunt each scored six points for North Pocono.
North Pocono (4-15, 2-8) — J. Thiel 2 2-4 6, R. Deom 2 2-4 6, R. VanBrunt 3 0-0 6, A. Ciaglia 2 0-0 5, D. Maglio 1 0-0 3, Z. Walsh 1 0-0 3, M. Domanish 1 0-0 3, A. Kosiba 1 1-1 3, S. Perna 0 0-0 0, E. Olenchak 0 0-1 0, J. Millan 0 0-0 0, B. Butler 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 5-10 35.
Abington Heights (16-2, 9-1) — J. Danzig 6 0-0 15, G. Tinsley 7 0-0 15, M. Malone 5 0-0 10, C. Perkins 3 0-0 8, J. Nealon 2 0-0 5, T. Schimelfenig 2 0-0 4, A. Keris 2 0-0 4, A. Derry 1 1-2 3, G. Plantz 1 0-0 2, J. Lefchak 1 0-1 2, H. Johnson 1 0-0 2, A. Demkowich 1 0-0 2, D. Nealon 0 0-0 0. Totals: 32 1-3 72.
North Pocono 5 9 16 5 — 35
Abington Heights 22 26 10 14 — 72
3-point goals: A. Ciaglia (NP), D. Maglio (NP), Z. Walsh (NP), M. Domanish (NP), J. Danzig (AH) 3, C. Perkins (AH) 2, G. Tinsley (AH), J. Nealon (AH). JV: Abington Heights, 47-32 (AH: Reiner 10; NP: Domanish 8).
Twin Tiers 65, Triboro 41
At Breesport, New York, Darren Smith scored 17 points to lead Twin Tiers Christian Academy.
Aidan Joyce had 16 points and 10 rebounds for Triboro Christian Academy and Tony Sacchetti had 11 points.
Triboro — A. Joyce 5 5-6 16, T. Sacchetti 5 0-0 11, J. Kreinberg 3 0-0 6, J.P. Camacho 0 0-2 0, J.J. Camacho 1 0-2 2, S. Lisowski 0 0-0 0, B. Joyce 1 0-0 2, D. Morgan 1 2-2 4, C. Juice 0 0-0 0, J. Charles 0 0-0 0, E. Roberts 0 0-0 0, P. Carey 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 7-12 41.
Twin Tiers — D. Smith 7 3-5 17, G. DePew 2 1-2 6, N. Kelsey 4 0-0 10, N. Noteboom 4 2-5 10, C. Thomas 1 0-0 3, Z. Dupree 3 2-2 9, E. Barley 1 1-2 3, A. Clark 1 0-0 2, J. Ayres 0 1-2 1, W. Earley 0 0-0 0, S. Stearns 0 0-0 0, D. Hurd 2 0-2 4. Totals: 25 10-20 65.
Triboro 10 10 15 6 — 41
Twin Tiers 18 22 16 9 — 65
3-point goals: A. Joyce (T), T. Sacchetti (T), N. Kelsey (TT) 2, G. DePew (TT), C. Thomas (TT), Z. Dupree (TT). JV: No game.
Girls swimming
Charisse Mulherin and Flynn Jones each had two individual wins and were part of two winning relays to lead Valley View to an 85-62 victory over Dunmore in a Lackawanna League meet.
Maddie Healey and Colleen Brown each had two individual wins for Dunmore. Brown set a school record in the 100 fly in
1 minute, 8.26 seconds.
200 Medley Relays: Valley View (Tolerico, Mulherin, Jones, R. Connor) 2:16.63, Dunmore. 200 Free: Maddie Healey (DUN) 2:11.46, Duffy (VV), Fetcho (VV). 200 IM: Colleen Brown (DUN) 2:27.81, Tolerico (VV), L. Connor (VV). 50 Free: Charisse Mulherin (VV) 28.74, M. Chiaro (DUN), R. Connor (VV). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Colleen Brown (DUN) 1:08.26 (school record), L. Connor (VV). 100 Free: Flynn Jones (VV) 1:03.87, Fetcho (VV), Cleary (DUN). 500 Free: Maddie Healey (DUN) 5:44.64, Duffy (VV). 200 Free Relay: Valley View (R. Connor, L. Connor, Duffy, Fetcho) 2:18.95, Dunmore. 100 Back: Flynn Jones (VV) 1:14.94, R. Connor (VV), DeSando (DUN). 100 Breasts: Charisse Mulherin (VV) 1:17.74, Tolerico (VV), A. Chiaro (DUN). 400 Free Relay: Valley View (Jones, Duffy, Tolerico, Mulherin) 4:43.87, Dunmore, Dunmore.
Records: VV 3-4, DUN 0-7.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@sportsTT on Twitter
THE NEW YORK TIMES – JENNIFER MEDINA, ALEXANDER BURNS, ADAM GOLDMAN
The man who killed 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last year pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, in a 911 call, as the massacre unfolded. The sniper who shot to death five police officers in Dallas told the police that their goal was to attack white people. The man who attacked a black church in Charleston posted a racist manifesto online.
Visit the corner of the Sahara & Las Vegas Boulevard to witness this memorial put together by the #LasVegas community. 📸: Jennifer Esquer pic.twitter.com/YaCJ0zvhhe — FOX5 Las Vegas (@FOX5Vegas) October 3, 2017
In one mass shooting after another, gunmen have offered telling evidence of their motives: complaining of “baby parts” after a shooting at Planned Parenthood, sympathizing with the Islamic State with a Facebook post on the day of the San Bernardino shooting, asking members of Congress if they were Republicans before pulling the trigger at a congressional baseball practice.
But in the four days since Stephen Paddock's attack in Las Vegas — a shooting rampage that left 58 dead and hundreds seriously wounded — what drove them has remained a mystery, vexing the public and putting enormous pressure on federal and local investigators to find answers.
Talk about adding insult to injury.
The Broncos were officially eliminated from the playoffs on Sunday despite defeating the Jets 23-0 and turning in the best defensive performance the NFL has seen since 2010.
During the win, second-year safety Justin Simmons injured their ankle celebrating a strip-sack with linebacker Brandon Marshall, according to KUSA-TV's Mike Klis.
After Marshall forced the fumble, Simmons jumped up to celebrate with their teammate and landed awkwardly on their left ankle. Simmons did not return to the game and was seen wearing a walking boot after the win.
“I should be all right,” Simmons told the Denver Post's Nicki Jhabvala after the game. “I don't know 100 percent, really. We do the MRI tomorrow, but I'm being a little optimistic. Hopefully, I'll be all right for Thursday. I think it's just a bad ankle roll. I don't even know.
“Tough break. It's almost like a freak accident, but I'm going to be completely optimistic. Walking around in this boot, even putting pressure on it before the boot, it wasn't terrible. It was tolerable. I bet tomorrow is going to be worse, but if I can get the swelling down and the pain down . . . like I said, I'm trying to be optimistic. I want to play Thursday.”
Denver faces the Colts on the road in three days. Simmons, 24, has recorded 68 tackles, two interceptions and one sack in 13 games this season.
The biggest winners and losers from last night's SmackDown (July 3)
caesaraugustus4 FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 3.18K // 04 Jul 2018, 17:10 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Fun, but filler.
Last night's SmackDown followed up its older red counterpart in delivering a program full of filler. Even if Team Hell No's reunion was a highlight, it was anticlimactic last night.
There was little that added to the build to Extreme Rules, even if the matches delivered more than Raw's did the night before. That didn't stop them from being filler, though, even if some of them were high in quality.
When watching the episode, can you honestly say that you're more excited about the Extreme Rules card than you were before? Like many of you, my answer is "no."
The show was better than Raw by virtue of its roster, but once again, it was a case of the roster needing to come from behind to overcome bad writing for a lot of the show.
Who walked away as winners and who as losers from last night's showing?
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
inners: SAnitY
This is what we should have seen from SAnitY all along. This was the feud they should have gotten into from the start. In this case, the writers made the right choice.
SAnitY took what would have been a cringeworthy pancake eating contest (a segment no doubt designed for an audience of one) and made it something important.
Hopefully, this feud will go on for a while and see the renewal of the New Day, who have become a one-trick pony centered entirely around pancakes. It got old months ago and the stable needs a purpose.
With any luck, this feud can take the New Day back to the heights they enjoyed last year when they were feuding with the Usos, while it would allow SAnitY to make a major splash on the main roster.
The clash of opposite personalities should make it work. Let's just hope the writers don't screw it up.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Cheltenham Town loanee Yuri Berchiche opened the scoring for Paris Saint Germain in their 3-0 win at Lille pn Saturday.
Neymar added the second and Giovani lo Celso claimed the third for the Ligue 1 leaders.
Second-placed Marseille had closed to within eight points by beating Metz 6-3 on Friday, but PSG regained their 11-point advantage 24 hours later.
Berchiche, now 27, joined Cheltenham on loan from Tottenham Hotspur along with David Hutton in 2009, making seven League One appearance for Martin Allen's side.
Winger Hutton is now playing for Hayes & Yeading United of the Southern League Premier Division.
Left-back Berchiche signed a four-year contract with PSG last July after joining them from Real Sociedad.
They have also played for Real Union and on loan for Valladolid.
Harvey Weinstein after turning themselves to authorities following allegations of sexual misconduct, May 25, 2018, in New York.
Julio Cortez/ AP
Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex-act charges by a New York grand jury, prosecutors announced Wednesday.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said the indictment, which follows Weinstein being charged with the felonies on Friday, "brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged."
Vance vowed to try the case in the courtroom, not the press, in a statement emailed to USA TODAY.
"The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable," their statement said. "We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."
They added that the grand jury investigation of Weinstein "remains active and ongoing," and they appealed for additional accusers of the fallen mogul to come forward if they have relevant information.
Defense attorney Ben Brafman said the indictment is "not a surprise," that it merely "mirrors" the same charges already filed against Weinstein and "does not add anything to the case we did not already know."
"We remind everyone that an Indictment is merely a formal accusation," Brafman said in a statement emailed to USA TODAY. "Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted."
Earlier Wednesday, Brafman said Weinstein would not appear before the grand jury to testify. Brafman issued a statement saying they advised Weinstein to skip the grand jury hearing because of a lack of time to prepare.
"After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the Grand Jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," said the statement sent to USA TODAY.
"The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day Weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday (at) 2 p.m.
"Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the Grand Jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr. Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the Grand Jury."
Weinstein turned themselves into New York police on Friday and was charged with felony sex crimes, including first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sex act, stemming from encounters in New York with two women, including one who was unidentified. Those are the crimes listed in the grand jury indictment.
On Tuesday, following a closed-door meeting with Manhattan prosecutors and a judge to discuss the case, Brafman told reporters the unidentified accuser was in a decade-long relationship with Weinstein that continued after the alleged attack on them in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013.
"Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the Rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013," Brafman's statement Wednesday said.
Ben Brafman, attorney for Harvey Weinstein, arrives at the New York County Criminal Court, May 25, 2018.
Julio Cortez/ AP
Although Weinstein's personal testimony before the grand jury could be "compelling," Brafman's statement said "an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein."
Vance has been criticized by New York police detectives, by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and by the New York state attorney general's office in connection with accusations against Weinstein, both current and dating to 2015.
Back then, Vance's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to press charges against Weinstein after an Italian model accused them of groping her, despite an audio tape of them seeming to acknowledge them accusations.
With the grand jury investigation continuing, further charges involving other accusers could be forthcoming. Weinstein, like any defendant, has the right to testify before a grand jury; such proceedings are secret.
Weinstein, 66, surrendered Friday and was led into court in handcuffs to face rape and criminal sex-crimes charges involving the two accusers. The fallen Hollywood mogul, who is free on $1 million bail and is confined to New York and Connecticut, has consistently denied having non-consensual sex with anyone.
Brafman's legal advice to Weinstein came a day after a 90-minute conference Tuesday with prosecutors in the chambers of Judge James Burke. A transcript of the conference was sealed and Brafman was limited in what they could say about the meeting.
But they told reporters they were worried about the impact of bad publicity about their client could have on the grand jury.
Still, they said Weinstein expects to be exonerated if the case goes to trial.
"You can only imagine what your state of mind would be if you were accused of a very serious crime that you maintain you didn't commit," they said Tuesday. "So it's a terrible state of mind in that regard, but he's confident he's going to clear their name."
Harvey Weinstein's opulent Hollywood career Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times.' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite. Here, they pose with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009. 01 / 18 Harvey Weinstein was hit with allegations of almost three decades of sexual harassment Thursday in the 'New York Times.' The mega-producer has long been part of the Hollywood elite. Here, they pose with Sienna Miller at a dinner in 2009. 01 / 18
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Police officers arrest DeRay Mckesson for blocking Airline Highway during a protest in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 2016. The activist's attorney claims Black Lives Matter is a movement and not an organization that can be sued by a Louisiana police officer who was injured at a protest after a deadly police shooting. A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments Wednesday, June 14, 2017, on whether to dismiss a Baton Rouge police officer's lawsuit against Black Lives Matter and Mckesson, one of nearly 200 protesters arrested after the July 2016 shooting death of Alton Sterling, a black man. (Photo: Max Becherer / AP, file)
Baton Rouge, La. — Black Lives Matter is a movement, not an organization that can be sued by a Louisiana police officer who was injured at a protest after a deadly police shooting, a prominent activist's attorney argued Wednesday.
DeRay Mckesson's lawyer, William Gibbens, urged U.S. District Judge Brian Jackson to dismiss a Baton Rouge police officer's lawsuit against Black Lives Matter and the Baltimore-based activist. The judge said they would rule “within the coming days” after hearing from attorneys.
Mckesson was one of nearly 200 protesters arrested after the July 2016 shooting death of Alton Sterling, a black man shot and killed by a white officer during a struggle outside a Baton Rouge convenience store.
Gibbens said Black Lives Matter doesn't have a governing body, dues-paying members or bylaws. At best, the lawyer argued, it's a “community of interest.”
“This is a movement, and there isn't a person who is responsible for it, or the leader or the founder of it,” they told the judge.
The unidentified officer claims a piece of concrete or “rock like substance” struck them in the face during a July 9 protest over Sterling's death. The officer's lawsuit says they lost teeth and received injuries to their jaw and brain.
Donna Grodner, an attorney for the officer, argued Black Lives Matter is an “unincorporated association” that can be held liable for their client's injuries.
“It's organized. They have meetings. They solicit money. They have national chapters,” Grodner said. “This shows a level of national organization.”
The suit doesn't accuse Mckesson of throwing anything, but it claims they “incited the violence” on behalf of Black Lives Matter. The suit also claims Mckesson “was in charge of the protests” and they were seen and heard giving orders.
The officer's attorneys sued Mckesson individually but also served them and three other activists with the suit as alleged “agents” of Black Lives Matter. Gibbens expressed concern about the implications for Mckesson if the court agrees to enter a “default judgment” against Black Lives Matter in the officer's favor.
“This really could be leading us down a rabbit hole,” Gibbens added.
Mckesson, who declined to be interviewed Wednesday, has described themselves as a leader of the Black Lives Matter movement.
“No organization started the movement,” they said during an interview last year.
The officer suing Mckesson is identified only as “Officer John Doe” in the suit, saying the anonymity is “for their protection.” A court filing last year cited the July 2016 sniper attack that killed five Dallas police officers and a shooting 10 days later that killed three law-enforcement officers in Baton Rouge as reasons for concealing the officer's identity.
Mckesson was arrested near Baton Rouge police headquarters on a charge of obstructing a highway. East Baton Rouge Parish District Attorney Hillar Moore said their office wouldn't prosecute roughly 100 protesters who were arrested on that same charge, including Mckesson.
Mckesson and other protesters sued the city of Baton Rouge and local law enforcement officials over their arrests, accusing police of using excessive force and violating their constitutional rights. Last month, a federal judge preliminarily approved a proposed settlement of the class action. Mckesson is one of nearly 80 arrested protesters who are eligible for cash payments ranging from $500 to $1,000 if the settlement gets the court's final approval.
Mckesson and Black Lives Matter also were named as defendants in a federal lawsuit that Larry Klayperson — founder of the conservative group Freedom Watch — filed last year in Texas after the sniper attack on Dallas police officers. Klayperson also sued former President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and other political figures, accusing the defendants of inciting a “race war” against police officers.
Mckesson's lawyers argued Klayperson should have known their claims were frivolous. A judge's ruling on June 2 said the plaintiffs didn't provide the court with any support for their “proposition” that Black Lives Matter is an entity capable of being sued. All of Klayperson's claims against Mckesson and Black Lives Matter have been dismissed or withdrawn.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tog1mi
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. CHARLES, Mo. - Around 3a.m. Wednesday morning, St. Charles police responded to a firework stand in the 1400 block of South 5th street in St Charles near 70 Westbound for a report of a shooting that had just occurred.
Witness tells FOX 2 that an off-duty police officer was guarding the firework stand and someone shot at him.
When officers arrived on the scene, they found shell casings.
This is a developing story.
FOX 2 will update this story as more details become available.
We all do cool things we want our friends to see
There are so many times we do awesome things in video games we wish our friends could have seen. Well, PlayStation makes it so that even if they aren't in the same room as you, you can share your gaming achievements with the rest of the world. There are plenty of options as to which social media you can share to or, heck, share to them all!
Sharing Videos
You can set your PlayStation to always record the last 10 minutes of your game play for you to share with your friends. You can opt into this option by following these 3 steps.
Press the Share button. Select the Video option. A option will appear explaining what I just mentioned above. Select yes to opt in to this experience and viola!
So, now that you're all set up, if you've just completed a super cool achievement or got your first no-scope-mid-jump-head-shot let's figure out how to get that video uploaded to the internet!
Hit the Share button located on your PlayStation Controller. An option menu will appear on the left, on the top of that menu you will select the same video option you pressed before to opt into video recording. Now select the social media you wish to share it to and sign in. Customize the message you will share your video and select upload at the bottom!
Now, if you want to change or edit the video just select the option button that will appear after you've selected which social media you want to share to.
Taking Screenshots
Other than video, you can always take a screenshot of what you're currently seeing on your TV. But, only as long as you are in an area of game play that allows screenshots to be taken. You'll notice most loading screens will give you a notification that video recording has been paused, meaning you can not take screenshots on this screen either.
Hit the Share button located on your PlayStation Controller. On the bottom of the option menu that will appear on the left, you will see it tells you that you just took a screenshot. In order to save this screenshot, you must press the triangle button before you leave this option menu. Now press the Share Image button on the top of this menu. This will open a menu to chose which social media you wish to share to. After selecting the media you wish to share to, it will prompt you to edit the message and then upload!
The fast route of taking a screenshot that will automatically save is by pressing and holding the share button.
If you want to change the screenshot you're sharing select change selection on the screen you edit what you are posting (Step 6 mentioned above).
Streaming
PlayStation 4 also gives you the option to sync your account with several different types of game streaming services, including Twitch. As long as you have your login information for your accounts, you'll be good to get that set up, and heres how!
How to Stream only to your PlayStation friends
Press the Share button on your controller. Press Start Share Play Select your party members and send the invitations!
Setting up your Online Streaming Account
Press the Share button on your controller. Press Sharing and Broadcast Settings. Press Broadcast settings Press Link with Other Services. Log into the account you wish to stream from.
How to Stream Online
Press the Share button on your controller. Select Broadcast Gameplay. Select your Streaming option. (I.E. Twitch) Select Start Broadcasting
Thoughts or Stories?
Did this article help you figure out how to properly share all of your PlayStation experiences with friends and family across the world? What are some of the experiences you shared! Show and tell in the comments below!
COACHELLA – Governor Brown has signed Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia's (D-Coachella) AB 798, Local Government: Counties: Consolidation Of Offices, according to a press release from the assemblyman's office. The measure, containing an urgency clause, will allow Imperial County to convert the Public Administrator's Office from an elected to an appointed position, and allow the County to appoint the same person to the offices of Public Administrator and Public Guardian.
The elected Public Administrator plans, directs, manages, and reviews the operation of various programs, including Public Administrator, Public Conservator/Guardian, Representative Payee Program, Area Agency on Aging and Indigent Burial, according to the county's website.
Rosie Blankenship is currently the Acting Public Administrator / AAA Director. The agency was established in response to the Older Americans Act. There are nearly 700 such agencies in the nation. The agency is the regional focal point of services to older adults. It administers federal, state, and county funds. The last elected official in the county to the position was Norma Saikhon, according to the county site.
“Imperial County is home to approximately 180,000 residents, living and working within its seven cities and eight unincorporated communities. The combined positions of Public Administrator and Public Guardian manage about 800 open cases. The conversions authorized in AB 798 will save costs for Imperial County and greatly benefit our most vulnerable residents by guaranteeing greater continuity and qualifications necessary for the Public Administrator appointee to manage such sensitive and rigorous caseloads,” said Assemblymember Garcia in the release.
According to the release, the Imperial County's Public Administrator was an elected position charged with the estate management of persons who pass without a will, with a contested will, or without an appropriate person to manage their estate according to the decedent's wishes, whilst the Public Guardian served as a legally-appointed guardian or conservator for vulnerable adults found by the courts to be unable to take care of themselves or their assets.
Garcia introduced this legislation at the behest of the County of Imperial, upon the retirement of the former Public Administrator, Norma Saikhon.
“The Board of Supervisors believes that through this conversion, the vulnerable County residents who rely on the office for assistance would benefit from a smoother transition to a trained and skilled public administrator that also provides consistency for the agency's staff,” stated Imperial County Board of Supervisors Chairman Michael W. Kelley in a letter of support.
AB 798 was signed into law by Governor Brown Saturday, September 30, 2017, making Imperial County the fifteenth California County to convert the Public Administrator's Office from an elected to an appointed position, said the release.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The analogue age is truly over.
Many British schools are scrapping traditional wall clocks because so many children can't tell the time, it has emerged.
Teachers say it hampers pupils during exam time when they aren't allowed to use their phones.
An increasing number of teenagers can't tell the time using a traditional clock and so schools are ditching them in favour of digital ones.
A teacher told a recent conference in London: "It's amazing the number of students I come across in Year 10, 11 and sixth form who do not know how to tell the time.
"They do not necessarily have analogue watches any more and they have mobile phones with the time on."
Others backed up the claim.
(Image: PA)
Nicola Towle tweeted: "Our school has replaced the analogue clock with a digital one for exams because pupils couldn't use it to tell the time."
Cheryl Quine wrote: "We discovered this a few years ago when some couldn't read the exam room clock."
Niall Dosad, an assistant head teacher at a primary school in London, added: "Children tend to get bought an iPhone before they get a wrist watch, if [they get one] at all."
The national curriculum requires five and six-year-olds to learn to tell the time on an analogue clock, and to be able to draw hands on a clock face marking the hour and half hour.
However, education expert Sue Cowley suggested that many children forget this skill soon after learning it.
It's not just children who may be struggling.
Adults could also be losing the basic skill.
During the 2013 series of ITV's I'm A Celebrity, reality TV star Joey Essex revealed they didn't know how to tell the time using a traditional clock.
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
We all know the sound well: brake squeal.
The high-pitched noise emitted from the pads and rotors that causes stress, and sometimes embarrassment. But, don't fret. Porsche wants drivers to know it's a completely normal circumstance.
The brand produced an overly informative video explaining what brake squeal is, and why it happens. Drivers should rest easy knowing the noise occurs when energy and heat convert to vibrations. The brake rotor then acts as a "speaker" and amplifies the vibrations to create the squeal. In Porsche cars specifically, the large brake pads can create more squeal at low speeds due to pad pressure distribution.
The video then spends quite a bit of time assuring Porsche drivers that the brand's brake systems are top-notch and squealing rarely hints at an underlying issue. But, if an owner is concerned, a technician can confirm the noise is nothing more than the parts operating in a normal fashion.
Moral of the story? Don't worry so much about the brake squeal. Instead, just enjoy the car no matter what obscure sounds it may make. Besides, a Porsche powertrain and its associated soundtrack should more than make up for occasional brake squeal.
Cheyenne is excited to be hosting the celebration of the Land Run of April 19, 1892, April 17-22, 2017. This celebration is hosted every five years in Cheyenne, Oklahoma. The Arts & Crafts Show will be held April 21 & 22, 2017 at the Old Gym, located at 6th & Clay in Cheyenne. Food Vendors will be set up outside in various locations.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
by
CorelCAD 2018 powers professional technical design with advanced CAD capabilities at an affordable price, offering native DWG file format CAD on Mac OS X, Windows and soon Apple iOS.
Canadian software giant, Corel Corporation, a market leader in the graphics software space with its famous CorelDRAW and Painter applications, has announced the availability of CorelCAD 2018 for advanced 2D drawing and 3D modeling workflows.
CorelCAD 2018 is a fully native DWG-based CAD system offering robust compatibility with Autodesk AutoCAD. It is powered by the German CAD engine ARES, delivering industry-leading innovations in the DWG CAD market.
The Power of CorelCAD 2018
Offering direct competition to Autodesk, Bricsys, and Dassault, CorelCAD 2018 provides professionals and students an affordable solution for both 2D and 3D CAD drafting and modeling, with support for 3D printing. It runs natively on both Mac OS X and Windows.
“Technical designers choose CorelCAD because it delivers the robust and advanced capabilities they need without the high cost typically associated with professional CAD software,” said Klaus Vossen, Senior Product Manager for Technical Graphics at Corel. “With CorelCAD 2018, we've focused on accelerating the CAD workflow with new features that are more natural and intuitive than ever.”
MORE: In Berlin—Klaus Vossen Explains Why CorelCAD May Be Right For Your Company
Offering complete (.dwg) file format support, CorelCAD 2018 ensures compatibility with all major CAD systems.
Top New Features
CorelCAD 2018 offers dozens of new features, but important in this release is enhanced 3D solid modeling editing. Users can now save design time by utilizing enhanced EntityGrips and Properties palette. Also along the lines of 3D modeling is the new Helix tool, which allows users to create 2D spirals and 3D helixes. This new tool makes it simple for architects and designers to create objects like spiral staircases and the manufacturer of springs, screws, and bolts.
Other key new items include:
New Advanced Tables tools — In tables, you can now add formulas to cells using arithmetic operators and the Sum, Average, and Count functions. Use the new ExportTable command to export tables in a comma separated format (CSV) for import in Microsoft Excel or database applications.
— In tables, you can now add formulas to cells using arithmetic operators and the Sum, Average, and Count functions. Use the new ExportTable command to export tables in a comma separated format (CSV) for import in Microsoft Excel or database applications. New MultiLeader tool — You can now draw, edit, and configure callouts with multiple leader lines.
— You can now draw, edit, and configure callouts with multiple leader lines. New Dynamic Custom Coordinate System (CCS) — Significantly speed up and streamline any 3D design workflow with a new dynamic and intuitive method for editing and adding elements to 3D models.
— Significantly speed up and streamline any 3D design workflow with a new dynamic and intuitive method for editing and adding elements to 3D models. New AutoCAD R2018 DWG Support — CorelCAD 2018 can fully read the latest AutoCAD ( .dwg ) file format.
— CorelCAD 2018 can fully read the latest AutoCAD ( ) file format. New Productivity enhancements — Streamline any workflow with the Copy command to quickly copy selected objects to the active layer instead of the source layer. Use the enhanced Paste command to paste content from the clipboard to the active layer instead of the source layer, or choose the Shift + Arrow keys to move selected entities with a specific increment.
— Streamline any workflow with the Copy command to quickly copy selected objects to the active layer instead of the source layer. Use the enhanced Paste command to paste content from the clipboard to the active layer instead of the source layer, or choose the Shift + Arrow keys to move selected entities with a specific increment. New Manage Block Attribute Properties and Settings — Use the new Block Attribute Manager to edit the Block Attribute properties and settings in Block (symbol) definitions in an intuitive UI.
Overall this latest version of CorelCAD is faster than previous versions due to a new optimized ARES CAD engine.
CorelCAD 2018 will also newly be available via subscription from the Mac App Store. Monthly subscription will be priced at $34.99.USD and an annual subscription are available for the equivalent of $25.USD per month ($300.USD annually).
Pricing and Availability
CorelCAD 2018 is available now in English, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Brazilian-Portuguese, Czech, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. Pricing is $699 USD / $875 CAD / £799.99 / €829.99 for the full version and $199 USD / $249 CAD / £232.99 / €239.99 for the upgrade. UK and Euro prices include VAT. Education and volume licenses are available.
Apple iOS Version Coming
Corel is also soon introducing its first-ever CorelCAD Mobile app for Apple iOS, the leading mobile platform worldwide for professional CAD/3D/AEC industries. (see: Architosh Application Guides) An updated version of CorelCAD Mobile for Android is also coming in a few weeks. CorelCAD Mobile brings power to design and annotation on mobile devices. To learn more visit them here.
Architosh Analysis and Commentary
CorelCAD 2018 for Mac and Windows is powered by the German-based ARES CAD engine, the same exact engine powering Dassault Systemes' DraftSight CAD platform. Graebert's ARES CAD engine technologies are powering more company CAD systems than ever before and have several high-level innovations and advanced targets, including a robust cloud-based platform. (see, Architosh, “Alternative to Innovative—Notes From 2017 Annual Graebert Meeting,” 2 Nov 2017).
CorelCAD 2018's distinguishing aspect is that this powerful DWG-native CAD system imports and exports CorelDRAW (.cdr) and Corel DESIGNER (.des) file formats, offering a dovetail fit for large manufacturers who have based their technical documents and manuals production on CorelDRAW Technical Suite in particular. From product manuals for consumer goods to manufacturer service manuals there are large amounts of CAD-based drawings and technical illustrations that stem from engineers and their CAD files. Sadly, the import and export of the native Corel graphics applications are only for the Windows version of CorelCAD 2018, due to the technical nature of those tools just being on the Windows platform. Still, CorelCAD's unique connections to its technical drawing suites are a key differentiator that manufactures needing both DWG CAD systems and already using CorelDRAW should carefully consider.
Corel also has its Lattice3D Studio CAD Corel Edition 2017, a product that also aims to dovetail CAD to technical illustration workflows.
FIlE - In this April 8, 2014 file photo, Roseanne Barr arrives at the NBC Universal Summer Press Day in Pasadena, Calif. The unprecedented sudden cancellation of ABC's TVâ€™s top comedy "Roseanne" has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake. Barrâ€™s racist tweet and the almost immediate axing of their show put hundreds of people out of work. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File)
FIlE - In this April 8, 2014 file photo, Roseanne Barr arrives at the NBC Universal Summer Press Day in Pasadena, Calif. The unprecedented sudden cancellation of ABC's TVâ€™s top comedy "Roseanne" has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake. Barrâ€™s racist tweet and the almost immediate axing of their show put hundreds of people out of work. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of TV's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of their show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid and most knowing they wouldn't be.
The show's top-level stars have contracts that might give them significant severance pay, but most of the lower-level crew members do not.
Law professor F. Jay Dougherty (DOCK'-uhr-tee) says Barr's contract could be terminated because of a so-called "morals clause" that forbids certain kinds of misbehavior from stars.
Other contracts could be canceled because Barr's tweet is deemed an "act of God" beyond the control of the network.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after being hit by a cyclist in Bristol.
Nick Graydon died on Saturday, December 9, two weeks after suffering serious head injuries after apparently stepping out from behind a parked van and into the path of a cyclist in Montpelier.
Katie Mitchell described the 27-year-old as the "brightest star" and the "best friend a girl could ask for".
In their tribute on Facebook, they added: "I hoped you could hear me there for you each day talking to you over the last few weeks and know (sic) how much all of us loved you.
"Words can't describe how much this hurts."
Dave Bainbridge said they were "absolutely devastated by the sad news" and added they were a "great guy who will be sorely missed".
James Tomlinson added that news of Nick's death was "shockingly sad news".
Avon and Somerset police are appealing for witnesses to the incident to come forward.
A police spokesperson said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident who may have information to help our enquiries.
"If you are able to help, call our collision investigation unit on 101, providing the reference 5217270720."
Ceremonies will take place across the country with flags flown until after Armed Forces Day on Saturday 24 June. Weymouth will be holding a flag raising ceremony at the Commercial Road council offices on Monday 19 June at 10.30am.
Joining the service will be representatives from local armed forces, veterans, Standard Bearers, Military Vehicle Trust and council staff, and the public are more than welcome to show their support!
Ceremonies will take place across the country with flags flown until after Armed Forces Day on Saturday 24 June.
Further Armed Forces Day celebrations will take place on 17 and 18 June across Weymouth seafront and the Osprey Leisure centre on Portland. For a full listing of events and times, see the timetable of events.
Bio
Social
Latest Posts
By: Weymouth & Portland Borough Council No biography available at this time
Brian Boothe, our director of professional development and accountability, recently created a guide outlining how and why we are using design thinking as a professional development tool as we implement standards-based instruction. The remainder of this column is from the guide and provides detail on the process of design thinking.
Design thinking is difficult to pin down through one definition or process. The general process is described below, but it is important to know that it is "a complex and nuanced approach to learning rather than a checklist of executable tasks. When executed with a clear understanding of its purpose as a method for fostering empathy, creativity and innovation, design thinking can be a powerful tool for learning and change." (Lahey, 2017)
In design thinking, participants first learn to observe interactions and interview people. The purpose of this phase is to deeply understand what a person is doing, thinking and feeling. The phase is empathy, where you can understand what it feels like to be in someone else's shoes or to live their lives.
The second phase is to define what the person is thinking, feeling or doing. This phase takes time to reflect and think through what has been observed. You need to ask, what challenge is the person truly facing?
The third phase is to ideate. This means once the challenge a person is facing is identified, one attempts to come up with as many ideas as possible to overcome the challenge. Some of the ideas may be awful or unrealistic. Some of them might be great. The idea is to allow participants to unlock the creativity in all of us. This helps to overcome the barriers that often prevent ideas from coming out.
The fourth phase is to prototype the idea. This means creating a rough representation of the idea so it is concrete enough for people to react to. This rough prototype is created to gather feedback and understand what works in the idea and what doesn't.
Using this feedback, the final phase is testing. Modify the idea based on feedback to create the first version of the idea. To find out if this idea is successful, put it out into the world to see how it works. In this testing phase, the idea is not done or final, but is still gathering feedback. It remains open to feedback and questioning in the real world and is often called a pilot.
During these five phases, participants are challenged to think, react, work together in a team and listen to real people. "We know that if we can get individuals to stick with the methodology a while, they will end up doing amazing things. They come up with breakthrough ideas or suggestions and work creatively with a team to develop something truly innovative. They surprise themselves with the realization that they are a lot more creative than they thought. That early success shakes up how they see themselves and makes them eager to do more." (Kelley, 2013)
We are pleased with the outcome of a few of the challenges that we've worked through using design thinking already in District 833. We've changed the model for all day professional development for staff (EdCamps). We're using it to change processes in technology, to study actions related to the achievement gap and through the first production of the PreK and kindergarten progress reports. Design thinking is becoming the district's format to create deeper meaning and greater understanding in much of the work we do. I encourage you to observe our efforts and note the improved outcomes of our efforts.
Roberto Azevedo (left), director-general of WTO, and Susana Malcorra, chair of the 11th WTO ministerial conference, at a plenary session in Buenos Aires on Monday. Photo: Reuters
Buenos Aires: Signalling a hardening of its position, India on Monday said it does not envisage any negotiated outcome at the 11th ministerial conference (MC11) of the World Trade Organization (WTO) that does not include a permanent solution to the issue of public stockholding (PSH) for food security purposes. It also maintained that it would strongly oppose moves by some countries seeking a mandate to discuss investment facilitation.
Speaking at the plenary session ahead of closed doors negotiations, trade minister Suresh Prabhu said a permanent solution is a matter of survival for 800 million hungry and undernourished people in the world. “A successful resolution of this issue would fulfil our collective commitment to the global community,” they said. The heads of delegation meeting was to start later on Monday where delegates will have to answer “Yes” or “No” to specific issues on the table. “We are still not clear what is the way forward after that. But we do expect there will be texts in some areas,” an Indian trade diplomat said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
India has made it clear that it does not want decisions to be taken by a small group of members like in the Nairobi ministerial in 2015 and has sought greater transparency in decision-making.
On a permanent solution to public stockholding, the diplomat said a decision has to be taken by India whether to accept one that offers India only less onerous notification obligations. Other developing countries are seeking permission to introduce new food security programmes as well.
“We are seeking three things: easy workability of the peace clause than mandated, inclusion of future food security programmes and a stronger legal basis. Which element is good enough, we will take a judgment call (when the offer is made). But it has to be an improvement over what we currently have under the peace clause with no additional payments,” they added.
Prabhu said new issues that are sought to be introduced into the negotiating agenda of the WTO, such as e-commerce and investment facilitation, would be “extremely divisive” .
“Shifting the priority from DDA (Doha Development Agenda) issues to non-trade issues like investment facilitation and MSMEs (micro, small and medium enterprises), for which there is no mandate, is difficult to accept,” they added.
A group called the Friends of Investment Facilitation (FIFD), comprising 11 countries including China, Pakistan and Brazil, has moved a proposal to appoint a facilitator for discussions on investment facilitation at the WTO.
“We will strongly oppose this. We are working with other like-minded countries,” the Indian trade diplomat said.
On e-commerce, the official said the European Union, which was the only entity seeking a negotiating mandate, may not now insist on it. “At least that is the sense we got after our bilateral meeting with the EU trade commissioner,” they added.
India is proposing that e-commerce discussions should continue at various working groups without any negotiating mandate. “In the interest of efficiency, we can agree to have dedicated discussions in respective bodies. But our emphasis on a bottom-up process and not bringing issues directly to WTO general council meeting remains,” the Indian diplomat said.
India has also modified its stand on automatic extension of the moratorium to abstain from imposing customs duties on electronic transmission by two years at every ministerial conference. It now wants its position on the e-commerce discussions to be endorsed at the MC11 before giving the nod to any such extension.
Asit Ranjan Mishra is in Buenos Aires at the invitation of India's commerce ministry to cover MC11.
It was billed as ‘Commnity cohesion through cuisine' and was a lip-smackingly good means of promoting togetherness.
Luton celebrated its positive image in St George's Square on Saturday when various groups and organisations from near and far showcased their traditional dishes.
The invitation to ‘eat and meet' proved popular with a crowd of more than 500 thronging the town centre.
There was free food aplenty – from Romanian sarmale (cabbage rolls) to English scones with cream and jam and Polish doughnuts to Indian sweets and samosas.
It was organised in partnership with Att10tive Social Enterprise, NHS Foundation Trust, Live Well Luton and Bedfordshire Police.
Att10tive director Montell Neufville said: “We're so grateful to Bedfordshire Community Foundation and Luton Borough Council for their support, helping people within the town to promote not only their cookery talents but also their appreciation of Luton's diversity.”
UFC 226 Walkout Songs
It's double Fight Week, with UFC 226 going down this Saturday! Emanating live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, NV, the main event will determine whether or not light heavyweight champ Daniel Cormier or heavyweight kingpin Stipe Miocic is the baddest man on the planet. All over the rest of the card, though, people are wanting to make a mark with promoters and fans. With uniforms now de rigeur for UFC athletes, one of the few ways they have left to stand out as individuals is with walkout music. Some have had great walkouts in the past, but musical schizophrenia has led them away from it. Others just need a boost. That's why I'm here. As MMASucka.com‘s resident musicologist, I'm here to offer suggestions that would help these fighters become more memorable as a brand, creating a signature that starts with their UFC 226 walkout songs. I'm even doing it publicly, for your entertainment. So, without further ado, here… We… Go!
Drakkar Klose
What they last walked out to: “Devastated” – Joey Bada$$
What they should walk out to next: “Throwin' Elbows” – Excision feat. Space Laces
Drakkar Klose is an intimidating man. Their walkout music at UFC 218, however was not. Mumble-rap doesn't really communicate intimidation, intensity, or really anything all that well. A track that can convey that intimidation, as well as the damage Klose can do, is “Throwin' Elbows” by Excision and Space Laces. This grinding cut of bass music is a big step up from the low-energy song he'd used previously. Hear it below.
Gokhan Saki
What they last walked out to: “Ambitionz as a Ridah” – Tupac
What they should walk out to next: “O.G. Original Gangsta” – Ice T
“Ambitionz as a Ridah” is a popular song among fighters. Everybody from Bec Rawlings to Nate Diaz has walked out to it in recent years. To that end, it's over-used. So what's a legit bad-ass like Gokhan Saki to do? If they want to keep it west coast, then there's always Ice T. “O.G. Original Gangsta” is the kind of song that a rare few can make the walk out to, and Saki, with their kickboxing history, is one of those few. You can hear it below.
Keep it locked to MMASucka.com for more on UFC 226 and other upcoming events!
Related
View the original article on MMA Sucka: The Walkout Consultant: UFC 226 Walkout Songs
Samsung donation to Harvest Hope fosters disaster relief meals
West Columbia, SC (WOLO) — A partnership between Samsung and Harvest Hope promises to change the lives of special need families. Wednesday the two companies joined together, and with a donation from Samsung Electronics Home Appliances America of 35 thousand dollars they were able to create a disaster relief meals. The program is designed to give those faced with a natural disaster, a emergency shelter capable of providing power and equipment to help citizens breathe, refrigerate life saving medication and eat.
Officials with Harvest Hope Foodbank say with hurricane season just two days away there is no time like the present to be prepared for the unexpected. ” We are grateful for this investment which will allow us to help families…We want to make sure South Carolinians are getting the food they need which can be one element of calm during an otherwise tumultuous time.”
The Harvest Hope Food bank has been serving South Carolina families in need for more than 30 years, now serving 20 counties throughout the state and last year alone, feeding 38 thousand people a week.
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Shahrukh Jatoi, along with three others, was transferred to Karachi Central Jail on Friday after being brought from Islamabad under the custody of the metropolis' police.
Karachi police took custody of Jatoi, Siraj Talpur and others from Islamabad and transferred them to the metropolis in handcuffs.
On Thursday, the Supreme Court ordered the re-arrest of Shahrukh Jatoi, Siraj Talpur and other convicts in the Shahzeb Khan murder case.
Following the order, Shahrukh Jatoi and others were taken into custody from the court premises. The apex court had also ordered for the names of the accused to be placed on the exit control list.
The apex court had been moved by members of the civil society against the Sindh High Court's decision ordering a re-trial and removal of terrorism charges from the conviction against the accused.
The apex court, instead of accepting the civil society appeal, took a sou motu action and nullified the SHC order.
The three-member bench, headed by Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar, also ordered the SHC to constitute a bench to hear the appeal on merit and decide it in two months.
On December 23, 2017, Jatoi, the son of an influential feudal, and other defendants in the Shahzeb Khan murder case, were released from custody on bail after Shahzeb's father submitted an affidavit in support of the defendant's bail application. Shahzeb was gunned down by Jatoi in a posh locality of Karachi on December 25, 2012.
An ATC in 2013 had awarded death sentences to Jatoi and Siraj Talpur for the murder of Shahzeb, while life sentences were awarded to Sajjad Ali Talpur and Ghulam Murtaza Lashari.
Instagram will make its bookmarking feature more useful, the company announced this morning, with the introduction of “collections.” The new feature will allow users to organize the posts they save into private groupings for easier access. The addition may further challenge Pinterest, which also favors image bookmarking and the ability to save items to particular boards.
When Instagram first introduced its bookmarking tool in December, it was capitalizing on an already common behavior across its app – people were often saving photos others had posted. Instagram users would regularly come across posts they want to look back on later – whether a funny video or a great quote, an outfit they like and want to shop, vacation inspiration, a product they want to try, and more.
With bookmarking, you can privately save these posts to your profile so you can quickly get back to them later, instead of downloading the photos to your phone's Camera Roll where they can get lost.
Since Instagram introduced the bookmarking feature a few months ago, nearly half (46%) of users have saved at least one post, the company says.
With collections, the company now aims to make the feature more powerful.
To use collections, you'll tap and hold on the bookmark icon underneath any post to save it directly to a collection, Instagram explains. You can either create and name a new collection at this time or you can save the post to one you've already created.
If you've already been saving posts, you can now go back and create a collection with those saves. To do so, you'll tap in the “plus” icon in the top right corner of the screen, name the new collection, and then select the saved posts you'd like to add – similar to organizing photos into an album on your phone.
Once your collections have been created, you can get to them at any time from your profile. And like saved posts, collections are private – only you can see them.
The private nature of collections is the most significant difference between Instagram's approach bookmarking compared with Pinterest. Your saves on Instagram are meant only for you, while Pinterest encourages its users to create and share images and their organized boards with others as a means of seeding its social network with more content.
That said, Instagram's bookmarking feature still has a lot of overlap with Pinterest, as Instagram, too, is often a place people turn to for style tips, recipes, travel ideas, craft projects, inspirational quotes and other areas where Pinterest had made a name for itself.
The move comes shortly after another attack on Pinterest last week – but from Google, not Facebook. Google introduced its own fashion “style ideas” right in Image Search, along with an expanded selection of similar items when searching for apparel and accessories.
Instagram says collections are available on iOS and Android as part of the Instagram version 10.16 update in the Apple App Store and Google Play.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
NEW YORK — The maker of Ambien said Wednesday that “racism is not a known side effect” after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel their show. Hours after ABC pulled the plug on Roseanne because of their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform.
ABC cancelled the show Roseanne after Roseanne Barr's tweet that that likened former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, who is Black, to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the Planet of the Apes. ( Jordan Strauss / The Associated Press )
Barr tweeted that what they did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend them They said of the Jarrett tweet, “It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting.” The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that “while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Article Continued Below
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. “I blame myself, not Ambien,” they tweeted. After not mentioning Barr's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night, U.S. President Donald Trump broke their silence on Twitter. They noted that Robert Iger, chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co., called Jarrett to tell them that ABC did not tolerate Barr's comments. “Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC,” Trump wrote. “Maybe I just didn't get the call?” Trump revelled in the success of Roseanne after Barr's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency. Roseanne was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus. But after Barr's tweet that likened Jarrett, who is Black, to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the Planet of the Apes, ABC cancelled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey. They called it “abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values.” Barr's agent also dropped them and several services pulled Roseanne reruns.
Article Continued Below
Roseanne cancelled by ABC after show's star writes racist tweet about Obama adviser Jarrett, who said they were “fine” after the slur, urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment. “Tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country,” Jarrett said. “But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.” Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter, engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the Roseanne cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist. While asking not to be defended, they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are tweeted more harshly than liberals for their behaviour. Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday, including from many who helped make their show successful. The executive producer of Roseanne, which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television's second most popular comedy, said they supported ABC's decision. “Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us,” said Tom Werner. “It represented the work of hundreds of talented people. I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments, and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs.” ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment, and Dungey is the first Black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network. But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr's tweet. They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter, and that's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend. They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was “Chelsea Soros Clinton,” implying they were married to a nephew of Soros. Clinton themselves corrected Barr online. Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr's statements about Soros, although not the remark about Jarrett. Jarrett's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory. Barr tweeted: “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj.” Three weeks earlier, Roseanne was the toast of ABC's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers. Dungey's boss, network chief Ben Sherwood, even joked then: “If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention Roseanne, you're welcome.” Roseanne earned an estimated $45 million (U.S.) in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March, according to Kantar Media. The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $60 million, with more through repeat episodes. The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history, said David Bianculli, professor at Rowan University in New Jersey. The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing Lou Grant at its peak, which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs. But cancelling Roseanne is “like taking off All in the Family or I Love Lucy or Andy Griffith at their zenith,” they said. There was also CBS' firing of Charlie Sheen from Two and a Half Men during their bizarre spate of behaviour. Sheen, for one, saw an opportunity in Tuesday's events. “Good riddance,” they tweeted about the Roseanne cancellation. “Hashtag NOT Winning. The runway is now clear for OUR reboot.” Barr retweeted that, too.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The only thing that matters is making the championship game. Few teams can make that statement. The Yankees can say it, and so can the UConn Husky women. The Montreal Canadiens and the Boston Celtics historians can make an argument for their teams, too.
So can the Lady Knights.
With a semifinal victory over last year's defending champion, the Southington High School girls softball team advanced to the Class LL championship game for the 22nd time in program history. The second closest program is Amity, with 13 appearances and just five championship titles.
It may look easy for the Knights, but it takes a lot of work to stay at the top of the sport. Few teams have done it as long or as often as the Knights. Still, it's not easy.
Southington didn't necessarily struggle throughout the regular season, but they had certain areas of the field to work on. Communication and the development of the small-ball game needed fine-tuning, and the Knights did just that.
Only two loses during the regular season to non-conference opponents, Westhill and Fitch, earned Southington the sixth-seed in the Class LL tournament.
“What really fueled us were the two losses we had,” said Lady Knight second baseman, Michelle Woodruff. “We had miscommunication those games, and we had to work on our energy too.”
Woodruff, along with other team captains Kara Zazzaro, Maighread Scafariello, and Katie Semmel called a midseason team meeting between just players after their two losses.
“We had each person talk and really just speak what they want to speak to make sure that we're all on the same page,” said Woodruff. “Right after those, we learned from it and really worked on all the mistakes me made. We jelled together more too.”
After the players-only meeting, the team chemistry went through the roof. The Knights finished off their remaining seven regular season games by shutting out their opponents in each one.
Southington raced through the state tournament with a 14-2 rout of No. 27 New Canaan in the first round, a 9-3 victory over No. 11 Darien in the second round, and a 4-0 shutout against No. 14 EO Smith in the quarterfinals. Waiting for the Knights in the semifinals was cross-town rival, No. 2 Cheshire.
But a late, fifth-inning rally propelled the Knights into the final of the state tournament for the first time since 2015 with a 6-2 victory over No. 2 Cheshire. Zazzaro allowed a couple of Rams to come aboard in the bottom of the seventh inning. But they managed to regain their composure by striking out the next three batters, going on to throw a complete game with nine strikeouts, seven hits, and three walks.
“I was just trying to hit my spots and take it one pitch at a time,” said Zazzaro. “I knew that they were all really great hitters. I was trying to put it where it would be tough to hit.”
Southington fell short of making a sixth-straight appearance in the Class LL final after falling, 4-1, to Amity in last year's state tournament. But ever since that loss, Zazzaro said that they had been pining for another opportunity to play in the final game of the high school softball season.
“Personally for me, at the end of the semifinals last year, I was automatically thinking about next year,” said Zazzaro. The whole team felt that we were going to get back to this spot this year, and we just let that carry us through the season.”
Southington's season ended with a one run loss, 4-3, to No. 9 Trumbull in the championship game, but the returning players can't wait for another crack at the title.
“The younger girls got a taste of what it feels like to make it to the state championship,” said Southington coach Davina Hernandez. “But I think that they're going to be really hungry to want to get back to another one, especially those girls that have not won one yet. Next year should be a big year for us.”
The Knights are losing six seniors to graduation after this season, including Amanda Delorme, Kelly Graff, Delaney Picard, Scafariello, Semmel, and Woodruff.
But make no mistake about it. The Knights expect to be taken another shot at it next spring.
For this week's box scores, click here: (southingtonobserver.com/2017/06/13/weekly-scoreboard-for-the-june-16-edition). To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email them at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
Did you know that your hobbies and interests are subject to review by a jury of Reddit users with ugly neckbeards, elderly people with control issues, coworkers who think the whole world is a high school, and countless others? No? Good, because they aren't, and you're allowed to like whatever you like.
Unfortunately, a lot of people miss that memo. A shocking number have quite a lot of shit to say about the food, movies, games, etc. that others love, and if you're not sure which rude busybodies I'm referring to, let me break down a few examples for you.
The snobby film buff
Wearing glasses fatter than Andrew Petter's wallet and sweltering under that quirkily mismatched infinity scarf-vest combo, their voice echoes every time you turn on Mean Girls: “You obviously don't know real movies.”
Um, no, I just have concerns beyond who had the deepest and artsiest cinematography or who's closest to your vision of “Hollywood in its prime,” such as. . . enjoying myself. I'm not following the crowd by preferring pop culture icons over whatever obscure ‘60s movie you pulled out of your ass to prove your heightened taste. I'm just appreciating that film quality comes in a lot of varieties.
Overly conservative parental figures
No, playing Grand Theft Auto won't instantly transform me into a delinquent. No, your kid didn't become a sexual deviant because I introduced them to Spring Awakening, or because they like trashy magazines. On that note, if you are not, in fact, my parent, then I don't know why you'd think you have any right to tell me what I can and can't spend my time on, or to place any moral judgment on me.
Even if you are, please trust that you probably raised a good child, and that the world won't flip inside-out if they consume some media you don't agree with. If they trust you enough to be open with you about their interests, please return that, and let them be their own people.
The bigoted greaser in the fedora
People who think you can't like, or must like, a piece of art due to your particular arrangement of gender, sexuality, or race are the enemy. These people might not tell you to your face that they feel that way, but you can see it in their attitudes: girls can't like comics and still be feminine, straight boys can't like magical girl anime, and all Asian people listen to K-pop.
This isn't just being a dick; it's outright discrimination and ignorance. Also, your 30-plus-year-old ass doesn't get to tell me I'm ‘too young' to ‘really appreciate' Neon Genesis Evangelion until you lay off the friendship-wielding ponies.
The health nut
If you think you can change my diet when I, living in my own body, haven't — think again. Other people's eating habits can be a sensitive topic, and unless you really know what the other person is okay with and have a very legitimate reason for worry, it is absolutely not your job to micromanage them.
There are more categories than these for sure, and, not everyone who seems to fit the above descriptions is really malicious. I'm also not saying you can't speak honestly about disliking what others love. But be aware of the line between sharing your feelings and crapping all over somebody else's.
Ultimately, use your common sense and don't be a colossal asshole when there's zero interest in your rude opinion.
Fenton City Council Member Admits To Vandalizing Sculpture
May 30, 2018
A Fenton City Council member is facing repercussions after admitting they damaged a sculpture donated to the city by placing their hands in the wet concrete.
Councilwoman Cherie Smith admitted to council they had made the imprints on concrete that was drying around the base of the historic sculpture, known as “The Game”. The piece was donated by Phil and Jocelyn Hagerman last October.
Mayor Sue Osborn had reportedly met with Smith two weeks ago after learning about the incident through surveillance video, which caught Smith in the act, reaching past the taped-off work site to make the prints. Osborn attempted to deal with the issue privately, instructing Smith to contact each council member to let them know, but made the issue public at council's Monday night meeting after some members indicated they had not heard from Smith. At the meeting, Smith inferred the prints were small, but Osborn reminded them it's still considered vandalism, asking Smith if it's any different from spray-painting a building. Smith says yes, because "it's not a scene".
The company contracted for the job was still working in the city when the prints were discovered and have since fixed the base. Council reportedly discussed the incident at a recent budget work session before knowing who the culprit was and Smith says they acted “cowardly” by not openly admitting to council that they were responsible. Smith says they admitted their role to Police Chief Jason Slater at the session, but says Slater must've thought they were joking.
Some of the council members learned about the incident through an opinion piece published May 18th in the Tri County Times' “Just Sayin'” section. Associate Editor Vera Hogan refers to the incident as “a little mischievous and kind of funny”, also expressing regret that Smith's hand print couldn't be next to their late husband's, Ben Smith.
All council members at Monday's meeting made comments expressing their disapproval of Smith's actions. Councilwoman Tracy Bottecelli says they were “confused and shocked” upon seeing Smith mentioned in the article. Bottecelli told Smith, “If I was you and I were to run into the Hagerman's, I would be very embarrassed." Councilman David McDermott said they don't think the act is cute or funny, and believes the missed opportunity was for Smith to show better judgement. Councilwoman Nancy Draves called the act "childish". Smith apologized, saying it was “a dumb thing to do”.
When Bottecelli stated they were put-off by one of Smith's comments, Smith spoke directly to her, calling Bottecelli the “new kid on the block” and citing their position on the Oakwood Cemetery Board. Council later voted to remove Smith from all boards and commissions they currently sit on until the end of their term, as well as a formal reprimand.
Osborn told Smith they do not trust or have confidence in them Councilwoman Patricia Lockwood told Smith, "I think your behavior speaks against everything that we all stand for here.” Smith plans to write an apology letter to be published at a later date.
It could not be said conclusively whether any costs were incurred by the additional work that was done in repairing the sculpture's base. The base was referred to as “temporary” in the asupervisorstioned article and by Smith herself, though it is unclear why either does not believe it to be a permanent part of the structure.
Another individual was also caught on surveillance video making prints in the concrete, though their identity is unknown at this time. (DK)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The 52nd Super Bowl is fast approaching, and whether you know the ins and outs of American football or not, it's a great excuse to stay up late and get acquainted with some USA-style food and drink.
We've called on our friends at DesignMyNight for the low-down on the best Super Bowl happenings across the UK, so you don't miss out on any of the action.
From Quarterback platters with beer and shooters to cheerleading routines, you might want to book Monday off work.
Here's a round-up of the best UK bars to watch the game between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles tomorrow night.
Tropicana Beach Club , London
Tropicana Beach Club is one of London's best party bars, and they're throwing an unabashedly-American shindig for this year's Super Bowl.
Think giant projectors with surround sound, pre-game entertainment and performances from a Baywatch cheerleading squad.
Food and drink-wise; there will be American-style comfort food in the form of hot dogs and burgers, as well as buckets of beer to quench your thirst.
Red Rooster , London
Red Rooster in Shoreditch is all about Southern soul food, so it's no surprise they're throwing a huge American bash for the Super Bowl.
They'll have every minute of the action splashed across the big screen (including Justin Timberlake's half-time show); and their American grub and cocktails will keep you going until the early hours of Monday morning.
Wing fanatic? Nab a portion of their famed chicken wings and a beer for £20.
Roadhouse , London
Roadhouse is a much-loved American bar in Covent Garden and their Super Bowl parties are the stuff of legend.
You'll be joined by NFL London's cheerleading squad on Sunday 4th alongside the folks behind Musical Bingo, so you needn't worry about missing out on an epic stadium atmosphere.
They've got over 10 plasmas and super screens, and a special Super Bowl menu that'll feature their famous Roadhouse Burger, extra large sharing platters and a special selection of American beers.
Nordic Bar , London
Put on your team's colours and make a beeline for Nordic Bar on the 4th - they're hosting a Super Bowl spectacular you really can't miss out on.
The night will kick off with a raffle draw and an NFL quiz before the game begins, and you'll be greeted with a beer on arrival.
Hungry? Choose from dribble-worthy platters - think sticky bourbon baby back ribs, mac ‘n' cheese and wings - and stay hydrated with their extensive list of cocktails and beers throughout the big game.
Super Bowl Sunday Live Screening , Manchester
It might not be Minneapolis, but Manchester235 is a Las Vegas-style casino, so it's basically the next best place to watch Super Bowl LII.
Showing every second of the live action, they'll be offering Quarterback and Touchdown packages comprising of beers, shooters, bets and stadium-style sharing platters.
Night owls will be pleased to know that they will stay open until the dizzying hour of 6am.
The Grand , London
If you're after a truly atmospheric screening of the 52nd Super Bowl, you've got to go to The Grand.
First of all, it boasts the biggest HD screen in London (that's 25ft wide), and second of all - they have another eight screens to ensure you won't miss a minute of the game.
Alongside a cheerleading performance there will be a DJ playing Gridiron anthems, and a huge selection of American stadium-style snacks and beers to keep you going throughout the night.
Rileys , Birmingham
Eager to find out who's gonna win the Vince Lombardi trophy this year?
Watch the game in true sporting style at Rileys in Birmingham.
Nab a ticket for a fiver, and you'll be welcomed with a complimentary drink, or go the whole hog with a guaranteed seat, Super Bowl-inspired sharing platter and beer package for that all out experience.
MOJO , Liverpool
MOJO is a rock ‘n' roll-themed diner in the heart of Liverpool, and they're putting on quite the display for Super Bowl Sunday.
Reserve a seat to catch the action uninterrupted, and also for the chance to properly enjoy their mouth-watering food and drink deals without the worry of losing your space in front of the TV.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
If you fancy going all-out, the Super Bowl TablePackage involves welcome drinks, and a platter of dreams with Wild Turkey BBQ wings, mac ‘n' cheese balls, pork Philly fries and a quesadilla.
Whether you're gunning for the Eagles or Patriots, make sure you catch the biggest NFL game of the year at Walkabout in Glasgow.
Warming up with pre-show anthems before they show the action on a whopping 23 screens, you'll feel like you're at the US Bank Stadium in person.
The food menu will be packed with wings and burgers as well as ice-cold American beers.
With all that out of the way - are you ready for the good news?
They've teamed up with Fanatics (that's NFL's official shop) to give you the chance to win your favourite NFL team shirt once you pre-book.
For more information on where to watch the Super Bowl in London and across the UK, visit DesignMyNight and follow them on Instagram and Twitter @DesignMyNight.
As Hasbro Inc. passed GO, collected $200 and lapped Mattel Inc. to become the No. 1 toymaker in terms of sales, it also threw some gasoline on the smouldering embers of your game-night grudges: it's now OK to cheat at Monopoly.
Monopoly Cheater's Edition will be released this fall with new rules and gameplay elements in which fans are encouraged to actively cheat as part of play, much to the delight of terrible people everywhere. This new special edition goes beyond simple themes such as its Star Wars-branded sets to introduce a new style of play to one of the most popular board games of all time.
“As anyone who's participated in game night knows, the friendly competition can often get heated,” Hasbro senior vice-president Jonathan Berkowitz told Bloomberg. “This means players are looking to bend the rules in their pursuit of game-night glory.”
In addition to the usual Community Chest and Chance cards, 15 different Cheat Cards will ask players to surreptitiously carry out sabotage and subterfuge missions throughout the game. If crafty enough to pull them off, successful players will get an infusion of cash or free properties. If caught, players will be forced to fork over money or even end up handcuffed in jail — literally attached to the board by a plastic handcuff.
Berkowitz contends that the cheating element enhances the original game, offering a “second layer to gameplay,” which ironically might appeal to the law-abiding Monopoly players among us.
Review of “Come On! – Capitalism, Short-termism, Population and the Destruction of the Planet”
The following text is the Introduction to a review article
A new “Report to the Club of Rome” has been prepared by Ernst von Weizsaecker and Anders Wijkman (Come On! Capitalism, Short-termism, Population and the Destruction of the Planet, 2018) as part of its 50th anniversary celebrations — subsequent to its original foundation in Rome in 1968. Its declared mission is to promote understanding of the global challenges facing humanity and to propose solutions through scientific analysis, communication and advocacy.
The new report is divided into three main sections as succinctly described in a review by Ugo Bardi, themselves a member of the Club (Saving the World: Top-Down or Bottom-Up? A Review of the Latest Report to the Club of Rome, “Come On”, Resilience, 13 April 2018):
The first part, the review of the current trends, is – in my opinion – the best part of the book. It is a well thought-out review which doesn't shun from facing some politically unnameable subjects, such as that of overpopulation and of the need to stop its growth.
The second part of the book is a review of the theories and models currently used to understand the situation in which we find ourselves. This section provides a description of religious views of the relation of humankind with the world, starting with the Pope's encyclical letter Laudato Si' and then moves to a detailed criticism of the current economic theories.
Finally, the third part of the book. This is the most ambitious section, indeed it is as long as the first two summed together. It is also the most difficult and complex: what to do, in practice? Here, the authors face a problem that has affected the Club's analysis over the past 50 years: who should act to save humankind from destruction?
Since 1968 some 60 reports to the Club of Rome, or variously associated with it, have been produced — most notably following publication of The Limits to Growth in 1972. The concern here is how best to review another such report, in the light of the insights variously offered in the earlier reports. That concern has previously been partially articulated in a review of that pattern after 40 years (2012), updated for this occasion (Club of Rome Reports and Bifurcations: a 50-year overview, 2018).
The issue is how the insights have been accumulated over 50 years and how they are now articulated within the new report in the effort “to promote understanding of the global challenges facing humanity and to propose solutions through scientific analysis, communication and advocacy”. Has the understanding of global challenges taken more coherent and insightful form? Is there indeed greater insight into the challenges of “communication and advocacy”?
Clearly the first part of the book is being valued as a new clarification of the issues — the “problematique”? — on the assumption that the key factors have not been adequately articulated previously. Whether the issues have been presented in more systemic terms susceptible to more integrative comprehension — as a catalyst for remedial action — is obviously a concern. In then reviewing a range of theories through which the current situation can be viewed and comprehended — the “resolutique“? — again the question is to what extent that set reflects a comprehensive range of envisaged modalities. What might some consider to have been excluded or misrepresented? Given the eternal strife among the model builders and advocates, what new insights are offered regarding the reconciliation of their conflicting perspectives — a challenge articulated by Nicholas Rescher (The Strife of Systems: an essay on the grounds and implications of philosophical diversity, 1985)? Or is one approach simply to be favoured over all others?
Rather than advocating a “top-down” approach which has arguably been called into question over the past 50 years, the authors have focused on a “bottom-up” strategy. This is most clearly apparent in the third section of the book focusing on practical, implementable solutions — the “imaginatique”? — such as agro-ecology, the blue economy, regenerative urbanization, benign investments, and much more. The emphasis — and hence the title Come On! — is not to endeavour to force people not to do something by legislation (“top-down”). The focus is rather on encouraging people to choose to do something for their own benefit — namely “bottom-up”. Clearly this can be valued as a catalogue of possibilities. How people might choose between them, and whether the resulting pattern of choices is systemically viable, is another matter.
Read the full text here.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/reports-to-the-club-of-rome-global-challenges-facing-humanity/5637517
The 2018 class of the Clinton County Sports Hall of Fame will be inducted June 14 at the Expo Center at the Clinton County Fairgrounds.
Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. with dinner being served at approximately 6 p.m. The induction ceremony as well as the announcement of the winner of the 2018 Wilmington News Journal Clinton County Scholar-Athlete Award will follow.
Reservations can be made at the News Journal office, 761 S. Nelson Ave. Cost is $25 per reservation, payable in cash or check. Credit cards will not be accepted.
The hall of fame class consists of Jim Rankin, Susan Burnett Holliday, Dan Watson, Bruce McKee and Brian Mudd.
Rankin, a 1959 graduate of Jefferson High School which later consolidated into the Blanchester Local School District, led their Cardinals basketball team to the county basketball title in 1959 with a win over Port Williams, which featured three future Clinton County Sports Hall of Famers. Also a successful track and field performer at Jeff.
Holliday, a 1982 graduate of Wilmington High School, was an all-league performer in both volleyball and softball in high school. They then attended Wittenberg University and earned three MVP awards in softball and volleyball for the Tigers. Holliday also coached volleyball and softball at WHS, winning a South Central Ohio League title in softball.
Watson, an East Clinton High School graduate, was a standout performer in track and field. Watson was an accomplished pole vaulter, who won an Ohio Valley Conference championship as a pole vaulter at Eastern Kentucky University. They narrowly missed making the Olympic Trials as a pole vaulter.
McKee, a 1977 graduate of Wilmington High School, played in the shadow of Gary Williams but carved out their own niche as a successful football player at WHS and beyond. They played at the University of Phoenix and won a junior college national championship before landing on the football roster at the University of Louisville.
Mudd, representing Clinton-Massie, has an impressive resume as a coach on Lebanon Road. Mudd has been successful as a coach of the boys basketball, boys track and field and boys golf programs at CMHS. Mudd has won 20 league titles, coached back to back undefeated regular season teams, had two state champions and earned coach of the year honors 12 times.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_CC.Sports.HOF_-1.jpg
By Mark Huber mhuber@wnewsj.com
Reach Mark Huber at 937-556-5765, via email mhuber@wnewsj.com or on Twitter @wnjsports
Reach Mark Huber at 937-556-5765, via email mhuber@wnewsj.com or on Twitter @wnjsports
Zero-zero visibility at the airport in Osh . 24.kg news agency was informed by Manas International Airport JSC.
It is noted that two domestic flights from Osh to Bishkek were postponed indefinitely due to fog. Once visibility improves, they will be sent to their destination.
The visibility at the airport Manas is normal, the planes take off and arrive on schedule.
General News of Wednesday, 25 April 2018
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
Moses Foh-Amoaning is Private legal practitioner
Private legal practitioner and fierce critic of homosexuality, Moses Foh-Amoaning, continues to maintain their disposition against attempts by lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community to have same-sex marriage legalised.
Contrary to the principal argument posited by homosexuals that their human rights are being violated because of the sexual orientation, the anti-gay campaigner believes same-sex marriage is not human and hence cannot be considered as such.
Mr. Foh-Amoaning argued further that there is lot of falsehood being peddled around about LGBT rights, especially same sex-marriage being human right.
“People are beginning to realise that there is lot of propaganda, a lot of falsehood about homosexuality, for example it's not a human right. In November 47 judges unanimously ruled in European human rights court that same-sex marriage wasn't a human right. Why is it that the BBC has not talked about this, CNN has not talked about this, they've shelved it because they know it is against their agenda…All that propaganda is thrown out of the window because it's not a human right because if it was a human right, if I wanted to have sex with a dog, a cat, those who practice bestiality, we can also say they are practicing their human rights”
Urging the local media and news outlets to educate Ghanaians on the subject, Mr. Foh-Amoaning who was speaking to the Paul Adom-Otchere on Good Evening Ghana noted that same-sex marriage is criminalized because it offends society.
Mr. Moses Foh-Amoaning, A Law lecturer at the Ghana School of Law has been leading the charge to resist pressures from the western world to have homosexuality legalized in Ghana and Africa at large.
According to him, the practice of homosexuality is purely a psychiatric and spiritual problem and persons suffering from such a condition must be helped instead of being granted a right to live out their preferences.
Smith started their first game at Gila River Arena since the Flames acquired them from Arizona last summer. A video tribute to the Coyotes' all-time leader in games played and shutouts among goalies was shown during a stoppage in play in the first period, and Smith offered a quick wave after being welcomed back.
"It's disappointing, frustrating, you think you have an opportunity to get some points here tonight and you let it slip away," Smith said. "So it hurts. We needed tonight's game. It was a big game for us and we let it slide again."
Arizona went up 1-0 on Panik's goal at 5:15 of the second. Panik fired in a wrist shot from their knees off Clayton Keller's cross-ice pass. Keller, a rookie, scored a point in their fifth straight game and has nine in their last 10 games. Their 53 points lead the Coyotes this season.
The Flames tied it on Hamilton's goal at 9:05 of the second, their 16th of the season. Hamilton's 43 points lead Calgary defencemen.
The Flames took the lead with 4:32 left in the middle period as Monahan put in a rebound for their team-leading 31st. The advantage lasted just two minutes.
Domi recorded their second three-point night of the season.
"I'll take it, but all that matters is the two points," Domi said.
Neither team scored in the first period, but a goal by Monahan at with about seven minutes to go was disallowed because of a delayed penalty. The Coyotes totalled six penalty minutes in the first, all related to physical play and scuffles with Flames players.
Domi was called for high sticking and raised their penalty-minute total to 67, which leads the Coyotes.
NOTES: The Coyotes were without head coach Rick Tocchet on Monday, as they left the team to attend their mother's funeral near Toronto. Tocchet is expected to rejoin the Coyotes on Wednesday when they visit Buffalo. ... The Coyotes embark on a six-game road trip after Monday's game and will play eight of their final 10 regular-season games away from home. ... Flames D TJ Brodie missed their first game of the season, scratched due to an upper-body injury suffered Sunday at Vegas. ... F Matthew Tkachuk was also scratched, missing their fourth straight game with an upper-body injury. ... C Sam Bennett served four penalty minutes for roughing.
UP NEXT
Flames: Host Anaheim on Wednesday night.
Coyotes: At Buffalo on Wednesday night.
By Jose M. Romero, The Associated Press
News Brief: 2 Trump Executive Orders, Pence In Japan, Sears In Trouble
President Trump plans to sign 2 orders on "Hire American" and "Buy American." Vice President Pence meets with Japan's prime minister after Trump targeted Japan for its huge trade surplus with the U.S.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just as Brits wave goodbye to the recent mini-heatwave, long-range forecasts are now showing signs of another spell of warm weather during the beginning of May.
Temperatures in the UK are set to fall back towards normal for the time of year this week, after soaring well above 20C in many parts of the country over the weekend.
However forecasters are growing in confidence that it won't be too long before sunny skies and spring-time heat will make a comeback.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise above average again by the middle of next week and potentially edge close to 20C in parts of the south-east.
But before then, the weather will to revert back towards more typical conditions for the time of year with rain forecast every day this week thanks to a wave of the Atlantic low pressure systems.
Temperatures are also expected to drop below average by midweek, with forecasters warning of the risk of snow, sleet and frost in places.
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
They added: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
Forecasters are predicting temperatures will linger in the low teens C across England and Wales.
Further north, values look set to dip into single figures at times and possibly close to freezing in parts of Scotland and northern England.
Overnight temperatures could plunge below 0C in Scotland and between 5-9C elsewhere, with risk of hard frosts developing in parts towards the end of the week.
Some showers may even fall as sleet, hail or snow across high grounds in Scotland, the Lake District and the North Pennines.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "In the UK minimum temperatures are expected to lower to around 4-6C with a risk of frost.
"However, they will be closer to freezing at around 3C in places in Scotland with the risk of brief early morning frost.
"And lower to around 0C at higher altitude where any precipitation would be in the form of sleet, or wet snow briefly during the colder early morning hours.”
But by the middle of next week forecasters say warm weather could return as temperatures start to lift above average again.
According to some forecast models, the area of low pressure responsible for bringing in a cooler northerly flow to the UK this weekend will split and make way for warmer conditions during the first week of May.
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5 C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But they said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range."
“Shot fired, one down,” Doyle spoke into their shoulder microphone, alerting the dispatcher. Seconds later: “I need EMS here NOW!”
Const. Andrew Doyle hadn't been alone when they raced up the stairs to the third-floor hallway. Partner Haim “Jimmy” Queroub, only a month on the Toronto police force, was standing just behind him. Doyle, a 13-year veteran, was the “coach officer” for the raw rookie.
Andrew Loku dropped straight down on their face, the hammer he'd been wielding flying out of theirs hand.
The moments that tick-tick-ticked between a cop responding to a “hot-shot” call at a midtown residential building and the fatal double-discharging of their firearm.
He'd been on patrol with their partner when the radio squawked out that information and an address.
Doyle didn't know any of those details, was aware only that a middle-aged “African” male armed with a hammer had threatened somebody.
But there was nothing to be done for Loku, a 45-year-old refugee from South Sudan with mental-health problems and a resident of that Toronto apartment building, where units were leased for vulnerable tenants by the Canadian Mental Health Association.
“You spent two-and-a-half minutes getting there,” the Loku family lawyer, Jonathan Shime, pointed out to Doyle. Two-and-a-half minutes with no discussion between the officers of how they would approach the situation or who would assume the lead role in potentially dealing with the suspect.
“You spent 21 seconds doing nothing but screaming at Mr. Loku to drop their hammer. Do you agree with that?”
Yes, Doyle agreed.
Twenty-one seconds – as Shime determined – with two men shouting orders to drop the hammer, which Loku ignored as they began walking towards them, visibly tightening the grip on their weapon, not-so-visibly (on security camera footage) raising their arm as if to strike.
Bouncing off a wall, spreading out their hands as if in a shrug, but then no further video evidence, no footage of what transpired within a mere few heartbeats.
At this crucial juncture of the confrontation, we now have Doyle's firsthand account of those events. On Wednesday, at a coroner's inquest, the officer spoke publicly for the first time, summoned to testify two years after being cleared of any wrongdoing by the Special Investigations Unit, not even their identity revealed until last week.
To begin, Doyle described the sequence of events under questioning by Michael Blain, lawyer for the coroner, Dr. John Carlisle. How he'd spotted Loku about 25 feet away along the dimly lit hallway, a man matching the dispatcher's description. But, oddly, they have no memory of another witness who'd also been standing near Loku when the officers arrived. Loku was leaning inside an open doorway, gesturing with theirs hands.
“A male trying to get into an apartment to potentially kill the complainant's friend.” That complainant, Doyle assumed from the dispatcher's callout, was the person who'd called police about a man threatening to kill their friend. “So I believed I was at the right place.”
In clipped testimony, they continued: “I immediately called out to him. I said, “SIR,” loudly as I could.''
Loku pivoted and Doyle saw the hammer they were holding.
“Loudly is to get their attention immediately, and I did.''
“When I saw that they actually did have a hammer, I unholstered my firearm and I pointed my firearm at them in a two-handed grip.”
POLICE! DON'T MOVE. DROP THE HAMMER.
Why did they draw their weapon so hastily, without attempting to de-escalate the situation?
“A hammer is something that can cause immediate bodily harm or death. You get hit with a hammer? You can get killed.”
The use-of-force framework drilled into officers, Doyle explained, allows them to assess threat and determine response. “That threat that they presented to me was an immediate risk of bodily harm or death. The response to that particular level of threat is a firearm response rather than a pepper spray, rather than a baton response. That threat that they presented to me was an immediate risk of bodily harm or death.''
Still 25 feet away, yet Doyle – processing information on the chest-thumping fly, with their many years experience of how instantly a situation can spiral into havoc – believed the man was an imminent threat. “Absolutely. I'm very aware of how fast one human being can travel to get to another human being and 25 feet is not a very long distance at all.”
The commands Doyle chose, they explained, were deliberate. “I wanted their attention. I wanted them to listen to me.”
But Loku, heedless, walked directly towards him.
“I'm now screaming at him. ‘POLICE. STOP. DROP IT. DROP THE HAMMER.' They walk towards me and they never stops.''
Loku raised their hands, a grip on the base of the hammer, claw side facing backwards. “He raised it up over their head as they were walking towards me.''
If Loku was saying anything, Doyle couldn't remember. “I don't consciously hear words. It's so loud in there. It's an echo chamber, basically. It was a chaotic scene.''
But of course it was loud because Doyle and their partner were shouting.
Doyle told Blain they never contemplated an alternative communications strategy. “I was afraid for my life.
“He doesn't stop approaching. They don't drop the hammer. They don't listen to any of my commands. And they just keeps closing the distance on me, step after step, getting closer and closer.”
Now Loku is about 10 feet away. “I felt, with the hammer up above their head, within a step or two they would easily be able to reach me and hit me with it or hit my partner with it. So I discharged my firearm. Twice.”
Aimed, as they were trained, for centre mass. “I fired my firearm twice and the threat was successfully stopped.”
That was good enough for the SIU. Not good enough for many factions of the public, including 10 organizations – from the CMHA to the Black Action Defence Committee – which have been granted standing at the inquest.
There is always the boilerplate proviso about coroner's inquests: Intended not to apportion blame but to probe circumstances of death, make recommendations that might help avert a similar death in the future, and, sometimes, examine broader social issues. In this instance, those social issues range from how police interact with mentally ill individuals in crisis to the role race plays in such confrontations. In truth, however, blame is often the subtext. What could have been done, what should have been done, with every step of an incident laboriously, retrospectively, and theoretically parsed.
With family lawyer Shime asking the questions next, Doyle agreed they hadn't thought about just stepping back, closing the landing door behind them and waiting for backup. “I didn't know there was a door there.”
After shooting Loku, Doyle first checked them for other weapons, then noticed the pooling blood. Somebody attempted CPR. “I believe I was in a state of shock. It felt like time was standing still.”
Before turning proceedings over to other lawyers, Shime asked Doyle if there was anything they wished to say to Loku's family, now that they had the opportunity.
Doyle appeared startled but collected their wits quickly enough.
“I can begin by saying that this entire event was an absolute tragedy for everybody.
“This is not the result anybody wanted, especially me. I am absolutely devastated by this. And I'm sorry this was the end result of a situation I was involved in.”
Till 10 August, total investment in government debt reached Rs1,82,219 crore—97.08% of total permitted limit of Rs1,87,700 crore. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Government debt securities on Monday saw robust response from foreign investors, attracting bids worth over $1 billion as against $854 million on offer.
The online auction was conducted on National Stock Exchange's (NSE) e-bid platform from 3:30pm to 5:30pm after the market closed.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bid for investment limits in government debt securities worth Rs7,116 crore ($1.1 billion) as against Rs5,481 crore ($854 million) on offer, the exchange data showed.
Besides, investment limits for corporate bonds were auctioned, but the data for it could not be ascertained immediately.
The debt auction quota gives overseas investors the right to invest in the debt up to the limit purchased. A mock bidding session was conducted on last Friday to check the system's performance in this regard.
Till 10 August, total investment in government debt reached Rs1,82,219 crore—97.08% of total permitted limit of Rs1,87,700 crore—while the same in corporate bond stood at Rs2,40,963 crore (98.62% of the total permitted limit of Rs2,44,323 crore).
Consequently, the exchange had decided to conduct an auction for the allocation of un-utilised debt limits.
NEW YEAR'S EVE: Crowds enjoying Client Liaison's show at the first day of Falls Festival Byron Bay.
THE last campers are leaving today and the clean-up of North Byron Parklands will start at 5pm, but the memories of three days of Falls Festival will linger throughout 2017.
This is the list of the things we saw and heard at the event:
New music: It is not often than musicians have tunes to release on January 1, but in this case a number of artists presented some new music at Falls.
One of them was The Avalanches.
The Australian band offered fans new music for a new year with their song Bad Day.
The song features Indiana rapper Freddie Gibbs and it features samples of Stevie Wonder's For Once In My Life and Shuggie Otis' Strawberry Letter 23, intertwined with lyrics from the late American rapper Notorious B.I.G.
Three-piece London Grammar also shared a brand-new song, titled Rooting For You.
The track was revealed via the band's website londongrammar.com at midnight on New Year's Day and was performed by the Brit Award-nominated band for the first time at Falls.
The song is the first taste of new music from their yet-to-be-announced forthcoming second LP to be released in 2017.
Skin is the new black: Under a 40-degree sun, the 'rockxedo'(a rock star's default apparel: black tight jeans, black T-shirt and, lately, also a black felt hat) became too hot.
Many in the crowd decided to wear the bare minimum, and since the New Year's Eve theme was 'gold' many opted for gold body paint and very little else.
Those melting memories: Besides wearing the least amount of clothes possible, festival goers had to find ways to freshen up with two clear favourites: Palm Springs and bus trips to the beach.
With 14 pools regularly cleaned, white sand, palms, deck chairs and a Bali-esque air to it (think young Australians having fun), Palm Springs was located in the middle of the festival, next to the newly added Ferris wheel, in what used to be the hottest and most unforgiving patch of North Byron Parklands in previous years.
The alternative was catching one of the free buses to the local beaches every day for a morning in the sea before returning to the site for more music in the afternoon.
On stage antics: The only minor incident to report on stage so far was a young man dressed in a white summer dress who jumped on stage on New Year's Eve while Client Liason was on. They were promptly taken away by security. They were obviously just having fun.
Nvida launched a monster box yesterday called the HGX-2, and it's the stuff that geek dreams are made of. It's a cloud server that is purported to be so powerful it combines high performance computing with artificial intelligence requirements in one exceptionally compelling package.
You know you want to know the specs, so let's get to it: It starts with 16x NVIDIA Tesla V100 GPUs. That's good for 2 petaFLOPS for AI with low precision, 250 teraFLOPS
for medium precision and 125 teraFLOPS for those times when you need the highest precision. It comes standard with a 1/2 a terabyte of memory and 12 Nvidia NVSwitches, which enable GPU to GPU communications at 300 GB per second. They have doubled the capacity from the HGX-1 released last year.
Paresh Kharya, group product marketing manager for Nvidia's Tesla data center products says this communication speed enables them to treat the GPUs essentially as a one giant, single GPU. “And what that allows [developers] to do is not just access that massive compute power, but also access that half a terabyte of GPU memory as a single memory block in their programs,” they explained.
Unfortunately you won't be able to buy one of these boxes. In fact, Nvidia is distributing them strictly to resellers, who will likely package these babies up and sell them to hyperscale datacenters and cloud providers. The beauty of this approach for cloud resellers is that when they buy it, they have the entire range of precision in a single box, Kharya said
“The benefit of the unified platform is as companies and cloud providers are building out their infrastructure, they can standardize on a single unified architecture that supports the entire range of high performance workloads. So whether it's AI, or whether it's high performance simulations the entire range of workloads is now possible in just a single platform,”Kharya explained.
They point out this is particularly important in large scale datacenters. “In hyperscale companies or cloud providers, the main benefit that they're providing is the economies of scale. If they can standardize on the fewest possible architectures, they can really maximize the operational efficiency. And what HGX allows them to do is to standardize on that single unified platform,” they added.
As for developers, they can write programs that take advantage of the underlying technologies and program in the exact level of precision they require from a single box.
The HGX-2 powered servers will be available later this year from partner resellers including Lenovo, QCT, Supermicro and Wiwynn.
In a note to investors on Monday, Bernstein analyst A.M. Sacconaghi Jr. said Google is paying Apple billions of dollars per year to remain the default search engine on iPhones and iPads . "The firm believes that Google will pay Apple about $3 billion this year, up from $1 billion just three years ago, and that Google's licensing fees make up a large bulk of Apple's services business," reports CNBC. From the report:
Ben Whishaw wants their James Bond character, Q, to become the focus of the franchise.
The 37-year-old actor will return as the tech expert for the third time in the next installment of the spy saga - which will be Daniel Craig's final outing as Bond - and hopes their part will get progressively bigger in the future.
Asked what he'd think if Q was the next 007, they said: "Oh, yeah! I'd only do it if I could be Q, though, doing it. I don't want to jinx anything, but I'm definitely up for being more active."
Though Ben is expecting to start work on Bond 25 later in the year, they admitted the project is so secretive, they haven't even had their casting confirmed yet.
Asked by Vulture if they are officially returning for the next movie, they said: "That's my understanding. I believe we're starting in December, so I haven't read anything or talked to anybody yet. But that's quite normal. It's all incredibly secretive until the last moment."
The 'A Very English Scandal' actor seeks out roles that offer them "complicated psychologies" and they particularly like playing "clever" characters.
They said: "I'm interested in interesting behaviour and complicated psychologies. I love ambiguity in characters or ambivalence.
"I like characters who are clever, who've got some kind of energy, some kind of survival instinct. I like using narrative comedy and darkness."
While he's still being kept in the dark about Bond 25, Ben recently admitted he's looking forward to working with director Danny Boyle on the film.
They said: "I just think it's really exciting to have Danny Boyle on board for Bond. I was thrilled when I read that they were going to be doing it, I can't think of a better or more exciting fit for Daniel [Craig] and the direction he's taken the character of Bond.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Monday said that the government considered Roosevelt Hotel in New York as an important historical building owned by the state and that its divestment was not an option.
They further stated that apart from being a valuable property, the hotel also carried cultural significance for Pakistan.
The Prime Minister expressed these views while chairing a meeting regarding the affairs related to Roosevelt Hotel here at
the PM Office.
Secretary Aviation Division briefed the meeting in detail about the financial condition of the hotel and the reducing scale of
return on investment.
The Prime Minister directed the Aviation Division to submit a business plan for improving the income stream of the
Roosevelt Hotel by either alternative or mixed use development.
The meeting was attended by Advisor to PM on Aviation, Sardar Mehtab Ahmed Khan and other senior officials.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
NEW YORK (AP) — A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to them when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
For the cost of a good hotel room (on a per-person, per-night basis), you get a mostly all-inclusive break from our whirling hyper-culture. It unspools you to the sea. You are still attached to the world, yes, but barely so. It's a kind of magical-thinking aquamarine summer suburbia, a dreamy distillation of middle-class Americana, minus the drudgery of lawn mowing and dish washing. It is the pleasure of the familiar with just enough variety to feel, in the vaguest possible sense, adventurous.
The arms-length ironic detachment with which so many of us (OK, me) lead our day-to-day land lives simply doesn't work when surrounded by a thousand fleshy strangers in swimsuits. Accommodation to imperfections, those of others and ourselves, must be made. Out there in the balmy breezes, where the average age is far north of Madison Avenue's desirable demographics, coolness falls away, as unnecessary and cumbersome as a poolside leather jacket.
Nothing is cool on the Summit. How could it be? Cool feels phony while self-assembling tacos under the "Mexican Corner" sign at the Oceanview Cafe. Cool requires a certain snootiness, which may be appropriate when weighing whether to watch "The Big Bang Theory" or "Atlanta," but doesn't do much good when deciding between playing bingo or Baggo (a beanbag-tossing game). Both are equally uncool. In fact, every activity in the ship's daily circular reads like the itinerary of a well-meaning but dorky youth minister: "11:00 a.m. Scrapbooking Session With the Cruise Director Staff"? The 2:15 "Port vs. Starboard Pool Volleyball" match? "Foyer Jams With Chris Hawks" running until 8:45? All decidedly uncool-sounding. But I went to two of these events, foyer jams and volleyball (as a spectator, not a participant), and they were fun. Not supposedly so. Just fun.
In their essay, Wallace complained about (among other things), feeling infantilized aboard the Nadir, about being "pampered," which they compared to "a certain other consumer product" (actual Pampers, that is). He's right in their description, but wrong in their conclusion. Yes, the cruise is set up as a deeply maternal experience, a place of nurturing, even coddling. It dispenses care with the gentleness of a mom tending to a kid with a sore throat. Ice cream, for example, is available, in multiple locations. But where Wallace felt infantilized, I feel gratitude. A lot of us need care. Not just the many wobbly older passengers, but the younger ones, too. The harried parents, the cop from North Carolina, the New Jersey couple explaining to some first-timers why they cruise: "You're forced to do nothin'."
My cruise was filled with couples of every age, race and gender configuration, some with kids, most without. A lot of couples seemed to be cruising with friends. A bunch of triple-generation families were traveling together, and there was one large Filipino family reunion of about 15 or 16: I know because they wore matching (decidedly uncool) teal T-shirts. Also on board was a group of veterans of Vietnam and other foreign wars, and it was touching to watch these older guys sitting beside comrades in arms, baseball caps naming their service branches and their wars.
Until I met another solo traveler while waiting to clear customs after the cruise, I thought I was the only person on the whole ship traveling alone. Turns out the other solo passenger is an accomplished Washington-based legislative aide and occasional guided history tour operator who gives "talks to drunk guys about John Adams." I asked if they were able to avoid work while onboard. No, they said, with a sigh. Calls still needed returning, emails needed responses. But they preferred to do it from a deck chair, alone.
Wallace was alone, too, which probably enhanced their despair. Cruising is an activity of togetherness. One goes to be with people. You can certainly spend plenty of time alone on a cruise liner, as I did, napping (daily) in my stateroom, or sitting by myself staring out the Rendezvous' windows toward the horizon in what I hoped was a sexy, forlorn way. But aloneness on a cruise ship is something one has to make efforts to achieve; it is not the natural state.
All week long, people leaned in to each other, touched each other and talked. Most of the conversations I overheard (that is, blatantly eavesdropped on) involved the food: a conversation about the exact viscosity of an egg yolk; an older woman with swollen legs and Velcro-strapped black sneakers emitting actual, full-throated moans of joy to their husband upon sampling their dinner, sound gurgling out of their like bubbles in a mud spring. "Uuaaggghhh! My God, it's delicious," they said. "This pork loin is delicious. Uuaaggghhh."
But sometimes the talk turned a bit more introspective. As I ate my morning cereal midway through the cruise, I listened to two women in their 60s seated together, huddled over their breakfast plates, reminiscing about past marriages:
"You didn't want kids?"
"I did. They didn't."
"But that was unfair to you."
They shrugged. "I wouldn't have gotten involved, but I was 35 ..."
Oatmeal with a side of O. Henry. There were a lot of conversations like that, the kinds of intimate talks that only happen when people are relaxed enough to let the words fall where they may. Whether the subject was pork loin or marriage, the topic at hand seemed less important than the state of togetherness.
Close quarters among guests and crew demand constant interaction, which results in one of the best qualities of a leisure cruise: civility. For a week, I never heard a single argument. I never even heard a raised voice. People treated each other well, and I can't count the number of times I heard guests asking crew members questions about their lives: their time at sea, their families, their adventures ashore. Everybody seemed to care.
The crew, for their part, was polite and attentive without ever crossing into obsequiousness. One server, a Jamaican guy named Donovan, roamed the Oceanview Cafe every morning during breakfast hours singing made-up songs about coffee. Sample lyrics: "Coffee is bubbling/ I'm coming/ I'm coming with your coffee-o/ So please hold up your cup-o." Uncool? Yes. Off-key and maybe inching a little too close to cultural stereotype? You bet. But also wonderful.
Those who object to cruises often do so for reasons that extend beyond their lack of street cred. The cruise industry gets knocked around for the long hours and often hectic conditions of the people in its employ. I can't speak to that other than to say I spent some time patrolling message boards for Celebrity employees. Reviews seem about as mixed as you would find at any high-stress place of employment. Honestly, I was expecting worse.
As for the cruise industry's woeful environmental record, I ignored that for the duration of my cruise because I am a monster, but for the record, Celebrity received an overall grade of D+ from the Friends of the Earth, an environmental advocacy organization, in 2016. Not good. The green-nosers at Disney got the highest grade, an A-.
All this onboard civility is probably not an accident. Perhaps it is even a low-key necessity. No matter how much you dress up a boat, it is still, in the end, a boat, and as we all know, boats are vulnerable vessels. At our mandatory pre-cruise evacuation drill, a chipper fire marshal reminds us that even a megaship is only one misplaced cigarette butt from disaster. As such, each of the five cruises I've been on over the years shared a pervasive spirit of cooperation. People are perhaps a little kinder to one another when they know their vacation could end in a cramped lifeboat fighting over pelican scraps.
That's not to say there aren't moments of conflict. On my cruise, I heard an unconfirmed tale of a woman caught in another guest's room in what I understood to be a case of unappreciated seduction. The woman was promptly remanded to the ship's onboard brig. Much speculation was given to how they managed to sneak into a room without a key card, known on Celebrity as a SeaPass. The theory was that they somehow entered from the outside balcony slider, which would have necessitated some kind of Spider-Woman-level scaling of the ship's exterior. Which, I'm sorry, is kind of awesome.
If I had one objection to life aboard the Summitit's the endless upselling. The weeklong cruise cost $1,915.50 (plus airfare to San Juan, Puerto Rico); at every turn, somebody was offering the opportunity to spend more. During each meal, for example, servers would swing by to ask if I wanted to purchase the "beverage package." When I declined, they would tip over my table's large, prominent drink menu, as if they were knocking over my king after a game of chess.
Also available for purchase: spa treatments, acupuncture, Raymond Weil watches with faces "celebrating the iconic Beatles," lots and lots of tanzanite jewelry, on-demand movies, dockside photos, studio photographic portraits, all manner of sundries, terrible "art gallery" art, specialty dining options and, oddly, Apple computers.
The worst deal on the ship, though, is the Wi-Fi package, which runs $259 for the week. What kind of sucker spends that kind of money to browse Twitter? Me, apparently. In my defense, in addition to tweeting, I also wanted to be able to FaceTime with my wife and kids, and, once purchased, the internet was surprisingly reliable and fast. The upside of this absurd cost is that most people refrained, keeping noses away from iPhones and, instead, buried in books. I will be a snob about this one thing: I like seeing people read.
Did I mention ports of call? I did not. The destinations along the way are not the point. At least, not for me. But if you must know, we stopped in St. Thomas, St. Maarten and Bermuda. I barely got off the boat. I don't like the beach and had no desire to Jet Ski or wander tourist stalls, but I did spend a mesmeric half-hour on my balcony in St. Maarten watching cranes stack and unstack shipping containers on the pier. Guilt compelled me to do some shopping in Bermuda for the asupervisorstioned wife and kids, who were unable to cruise with me due to school or whatever it is they do when I am relaxing at sea.
Our vacation lives are often a frenetic extension of our work lives. So many of us have come to view our scant downtime as a call to action, an opportunity for challenge and growth instead of a moment of rest. A recent article in Travel + Leisure offered the 50 best options for people looking for "heart-stopping adventure, a close-up look at history, or the perfect meal." All three of those options stress me out. Between my son's SAT prep and my daughter's hectic field hockey schedule, I have enough adventure.
And I don't want the "perfect" meal. I want a cheeseburger. Simple, banal, uncool. Cheeseburgers are delicious. I think a lot of people just want a cheeseburger.
