A Texas couple is accused of taking the man's parents and their 8-year-old son hostage, leading to a six-hour-long standoff with Crawford police.
According to a statement from the Crawford Police Department, Christopher Alan Bamsch, 27, and girlfriend Dandi Daugherty, 38, allegedly held Bamsch's parents and juvenile son at gun and knife point overnight, demanding money and bank account information.
When Bamsch and Daughtery dozed off, the alleged hostages fled the home, running to a neighbor's to call 911.
According to the statement, “a felony warrant was obtained” for both Bamsch and Daughtery, “and with the assistance of the McLennan County Sheriff's Department along with their SWAT team, both individuals were taken into custody.”
But it wasn't easy: The couple allegedly refused to exit their parents' residence. Authorities decided to end the standoff by firing several rounds of tear gas into the home, forcing the two suspects to surrender.
Christopher Bamsch and Dandi Daugherty were detained Monday Crawford Police Department
Bamsch, who has prior convictions, was charged with aggravated robbery, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon and endangering a child — all felonies.
 They are also being held on a previous charge of unlawful restraint stemming from another agency. Details regarding that charge were unavailable Wednesday.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Daugherty faces aggravated robbery, unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon and endangering a child charges. They were also wanted by authorities in Waco on a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia with intent to ingest.
Christopher Bamsch soon after their arrest Crawford Police Department
Neither defendant had entered pleas to the charges against them by Wednesday. Both remain in custody without bail.
The statement says “federal charges” may also be pending against Bamsch and Daugherty.
No one was injured during either the hostage situation or the ensuing standoff, notes the statement, which concludes: “Good riddance to both these suspects!”
May 3 Shore Gold Inc
* Shore Gold Inc. announces first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share C$0.00
* Shore Gold Inc- as of May 3, 2017, company had approximately $2.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Ledman Optoelectronic Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 10 percent to 40 percent, compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 (10.1 million yuan)
* Says no longer renewal of Chinese super league contract as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/lV2xcN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Anything to do with William Shakespeare is bound to make for excellent entertainment at the theatre. This is why Theatro Ena in Nicosia has chosen to start its theatrical year with the play The Troupe of William Shakespeare presents… as of Wednesday.
The play, whose original title is Un Drama Nuevo and was written by Catalan dramatist Manuel Tamayo y Baus in 1867, will present Shakespeare and a number of their best-known characters on the stage together. As Shakespeare and their characters (Romeo, Juliet, Yorick, Othello and Iago) are such literary icons that we feel as if they live among us, it is not such a stretch that we could believe that the creator and their creations could exist in the same place.
This play, which has been transferred to the big screen in a number of films and been played in the theatre all over Europe, brings Shakespeare on stage to solve the unsolved mysteries of their own plays. It is considered to be a theatrical play that takes place within a theatrical play, that is set in London in 1605.
Shakespeare is about to launch their new play at the Globe. The actors who play Romeo and Juliet are on stage, they are living out their love affair – in the play and their personal lives – and also feeling guilty because Alice (who plays Juliet) is married to the great Shakespearian actor Yorick (who plays Othello). Yorick is blinded by jealousy when Walton (who plays Iago) tells them that Alice is shacking up with Edmond (the actor who plays Romeo). The problem is not only that Alice is betraying Yorick, but that Yorick loves Edmond like a son. The end of the play seems to be a mystery, as Shakespeare will pen it on stage.
The Troupe of William Shakespeare Presents…
Performance of the play by Manuel Tamayo y Baus. February 7 until March 18. Theatro Ena, Nicosia. Every Friday and Saturday at 8.30pm and Sunday at 6.30pm. Tel: 22-348203
By Richard Martin
Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets has criticised their tactical and physical frailties after a 4-0 thrashing at Paris St Germain in the last 16 left them on the brink of their earliest Champions League exit in a decade.
The five-times European champions were crushed in every aspect of the first-leg clash by Unai Emery's side, suffering their heaviest defeat in Europe since 2013 and under coach Luis Enrique, who appeared ruffled in front of the media.
“They (PSG) played much better than us and they overwhelmed us physically,” Busquets told Catalan television network TV3.
“They pressed us harder, they were much better tactically than us, they had a plan and executed it how they wanted to and they were the better team”.
The midfielder also appeared to criticise the team's preparation for the game, adding: “We expected something else but that's what can happen. We hope to be able to turn things around at the Nou Camp but I can't lie, it's very difficult.”
Luis Enrique cut an uneasy figure in an interview with TV3 which they cut short, saying: “Stop looking for more reasons. This is my responsibility and I hope you use the same tone now we have lost as when we win.”
In their news conference, Luis Enrique said their side were utterly outplayed although they rejected suggestions they had not prepared their players properly for the high pressing game PSG carried out to perfection.
“We weren't surprised at all, we had spoken about their pressing before the game but that doesn't mean you can overcome it. We lost so many individual duels. PSG played as we expected and played at their best and we did not,” they said.
“It's pretty simple. Our opponents were better than us with and without the ball. They won battles, they were more effective and the result clearly reflects what happened. I don't think I have to give a huge explanation to Barça fans.”
Luis Enrique gave midfielder Andres Iniesta their first start for a month after their recovery from an ankle injury alongside Busquets who had also only recently returned from a layoff while Gerard Pique had just come back after a muscle injury.
“We had players that had just recovered but I don't want to individualise, now is not the time. I have every confidence in my players, it's time to talk about coaches and I assume full responsibility for this as always,” added Luis Enrique.
“The players are the same ones that have won on other days.”
Uma Thurman says they were attacked by Harvey Weinstein multiple times.
The 47-year-old actor worked with the now-disgraced movie producer many times during their career and they alleged that they made their first sexual advance towards them in a Parisian hotel room, before attacking them in London.
They told the New York Times: "It was such a bat to the head. They pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard. I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track. My track. Not their track."
Uma told the publication that they later confronted Harvey in a hotel about the encounter, leading to an incident which they cannot fully remember.
Them friend, make-up artist Ilona Herman, recalled that Uma came downstairs after meeting Harvey in their room and was "totally out of control".
Ilona said: "She was very disheveled and so upset and had this blank look. Them eyes were crazy and they were totally out of control. I shoveled them into the taxi and we went home to my house. They were really shaking."
Uma also accused Quentin Tarantino of failing to protect them from a car accident during the filming of 'Kill Bill', after they insisted they perform a stunt driving sequence they were uncomfortable with.
Speaking about crashing the car, they said: "The steering wheel was at my belly and my legs were jammed under me. I felt this searing pain and thought, 'Oh my God, I'm never going to walk again'. When I came back from the hospital in a neck brace with my knees damaged and a large massive egg on my head and a concussion, I wanted to see the car and I was very upset. Quentin and I had an enormous fight, and I accused them of trying to kill me. And they were very angry at that, I guess understandably, because they didn't feel they had tried to kill me."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Ever since Riverside County broke off from San Bernardino in 1893, there's always been a bit of a rivalry between the two counties, and their namesake cities.
There was even an odd battle of bragging rights about a celestial visitor to the Inland Empire one night in 1901.
On a hot summer evening, a brilliant meteor flashed across Southern California viewed by thousands outside seeking relief from a series of 100-degree-plus days. Judging by published reports, everyone seemed to see the meteor a little differently, especially as to where it went on that Aug. 17.
The Los Angeles Times wrote that some Riverside observers saw the meteor land somewhere in the Box Springs Mountains east of town about 7:30 p.m.
Under the headline, “Both Cities Claim It,” the Times also noted a number of the San Bernardino residents were sure it fell in their city.
A key witness interviewed by the San Bernardino Sun was J.H. Boyd, who was with “a party of young ladies who was driving with him.” They and their passengers were sure they saw the meteor strike the ground “not more than 100 yards from their buggy” near East Ninth Street and Feudge's Lane in San Bernardino.
This was confirmed by Mrs. George Heap, who was sitting in their buggy on East Ninth at the same time. They said a ball of fire struck the ground to the east of her, startling them and their horse.
Actually, news reports said the meteor lit up the sky as far south as San Diego and east to Flagstaff, Arizona, and probably broke up into a billion bits above the Earth many miles away. The inaccuracy of the local accounts could be the result of a party atmosphere that Saturday night fueled by alcohol.
Elsewhere, Pomona's Fred Smith said they saw the flash from the meteor, “which left a brilliant trail of light in its wake, illuminating the entire sky,” reported the Angeles Herald. Richard Quigby at Hesperia said they saw the meteor explode just south of their position. A Los Angeles couple even noted a strong smell of sulphur after the meteor passed above them.
The Redlands Facts talked about noise that some said came from the meteor, perhaps making fun of its neighboring city: “Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San Bernardino, Redlands and many other places saw the meteor but only the Berdooites heard the hissing sound of the visitor.”
It was certainly the talk of the town for a while, and the Santa Fe Railroad took advantage by publishing an ad: “Like a meteor flashing across the sky, the dash of the California Limited rushes across the continent to Chicago.”
Advertisement
A writer for the Chino Champion on Aug. 23 said the aerial fireworks on that Saturday produced a “creepy” feeling as they watched it. They also made light of those who said it fell to earth, noting “nearly all located it within a half-mile of themselves” but no part of it was ever found.
The Sun on Aug. 20 finally concluded the meteor's final resting point was far from the Inland Empire, with even Boyd admitting they could find no trace of it where they were sure it hit.
Over-dressed
Jose Gonzales was arrested by San Bernardino Officer Ben Southern one day in 1914, wearing four suits of clothes. The suits were later identified as stolen from workers at a Del Rosa labor camp.
Gonzales claimed they bought the suits in Oakland but had no explanation why they were wearing all four simultaneously. The suits were taken from them by police after their arrest.
“He is in county jail,” wrote the Sun of Jan. 8, “where they complain of the cold.”
History-making
A talk on the Civil War in the Southwest will be offered Wednesday at the San Bernardino County Museum, 2024 Orange Tree Lane, Redlands.
The 7 p.m. talk, part of the museum's “Dome Talks 2017,” will be by Andy Masich, president of the Heinz History Center in Pittsburgh. They authored the recently published “Civil War in the Southwest Borderlands 1861-1867.”
Admission is $15. Information: 909-798-8608.
Joe Blackstock writes on Inland Empire history. They can be reached at joe.blackstock@gmail.com or Twitter @JoeBlackstock
0 Limited edition Crystal Ball Frappuccino in Starbucks' future
Remember the limited edition, pink-and-blue, cotton-candy-colored Unicorn Frappuccino from Starbucks?
Its colors, which changed with the twirl of a straw, made it an instant hit on Instagram. It was followed by the Dragon Frappuccino, sparked by creative baristas who were out of ingredients to make the elusive Unicorn, and the Zombie Frappuccino around Halloween.
>> Read more trending news
Starbucks may be at it again.
According to shops and workers, a new creation, known as the Crystal Ball Frappuccino, will be available on Thursday, March 22, and will only be on the menu for four days, or as long as supplies last, according to Business Insider.
Teen Vogue reported that like the Unicorn Frap, Starbuck's latest creation will also be optimized to make a stir on Instagram. Though the look and taste is not yet known, Business Insider reported the cream-based drink will utilize peach flavors.
According to baristas who couldn't wait to experiment and post their photos to Instagram, the Crystal Ball Frappucino appears to include marbled turquoise hues with whipped cream and a crunchy, crystal-like topping.
No matter what the flavor, the look is sure to be eye-catching.
Whether another social media whirlwind is in Starbucks' future has yet to be revealed.
A collection of venti sized Starbucks to go cups. Starbucks is reportedly releasing a limited edition Crystal Ball Frappuccino March 22, 2018. (Photo by Ben Pruchnie/Getty Images)
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
"There's no monopoly on a good idea … I will support great ideas if they are in the best interests of Ontario ... I think most Ontarians, regardless of political affiliation, believe in fiscal responsibility." PC Leader Patrick Brown
Canada's unemployment rate dropped to 5.9 per cent in November. The 0.4 per cent drop was the largest one-month decline since 2005. The OECD predicted 2.8 per cent growth during 2017 — the highest of any G7 country. Yet auditor general Bonnie Lysyk maintained that Ontario's deficit last year was $2.44 billion with a debt of $314.1 billion. Meanwhile, Bill Morneau's fall economic statement predicted a deficit of $19.9 billion — double that promised in the Liberal election campaign.
Patrick Brown should be aware that at the October conference of health ministers in Edmonton, overlooked was ensuring the financial sustainability of health care. There is only one taxpayer. With deficits federally and in most provinces, fiscal responsibility means that we need to be creative and look for new sources of revenue. The solution is not simply raising taxes, demanding increased federal transfer payments, hiring more hospital and OHIP administrators, laying off more nurses, cutting back physician fees, or closing more hospital beds or cancelling more days per year of elective surgery OR time. Ottawa's flawed immigration policies and Bill Morneau's recent tax reform proposals will also likely exacerbate the problems of health care delivery. Let me explain:
As of late September, over 32,000 asylum-seekers had entered Canada; between January and August, over 13,000 were "irregular" — mainly into Quebec. On average, $15,000 to $20,000 per person is spent by different levels of government.
Consider that 280,000 Salvadorans plus others from Central America and Africa face possible deportation from the U.S. in the next few months. If many attempt to come to Canada, what will be the cost to taxpayers?
Moreover, certain provinces may bear a disproportionate increase in their costs for supporting these migrants, leaving a lesser amount in their budgets available for health care. Morneau's targeting of small businesses is especially counterproductive. It is they that might provide jobs for many new immigrants to Canada, so that they do not remain a permanent burden on taxpayers.
If Morneau's initial proposals remain minimally changed, some older physicians may retire prematurely, and some younger, mobile ones may reduce the number of OHIP-covered patients seen per week or even leave for the United States. Physicians remaining in practice will be pressuring their provincial and territorial governments for additional funds to compensate them for the loss of the financial benefits of incorporation. These scenarios are particularly likely if next year the provincial government overturns by subsequent legislation any binding arbitration agreement.
Premiers of the provinces and territories reluctantly agreed to accept a cut in the annual increase in federal transfers from 6 per cent to 3.5 per cent (plus some targeted funding). Sadly, not only does Ottawa cover only 22 per cent of public health funding, but it has "doubled down" and remains inflexible on enforcing certain parts of the Canada Health Act, especially regarding extra-billing and user fees. In so doing it is precluding provinces from permitting a limited amount of privatization that could make the health-care system more financially sustainable.
All of these factors will exacerbate the health care funding shortfall for most provinces. New sources of revenue for health care must be found. Clearly, the CHA needs to be modernized and amended, beginning with permitting medical tourism, e.g. expanding operating rooms and permitting Americans and other foreign patients to undergo elective surgery such as joint replacements here. This would provide employment for recent Canadian orthopedic graduates unable to obtain OR time and hospital privileges, to nurses, and other health professionals. It would provide badly-needed extra revenue to hospitals and ministries of health.
Ottawa seems blind to the funding crisis of provinces for which it is partly responsible. Health ministers should as soon as possible analyze how it is that many countries in Europe — with much shorter wait times than here — have been able to successfully blend a public and private health-care system.
Mourners have been urged not to “slip” any items in the coffin with the deceased, as it may lead to a “hell of an explosion.”
A coconut left inside a coffin in Manchester blew up and scared crematorium staff as well as grieving family members. Bolton Council called on mourners to abide by crematorium rules and not sneak in any items that could be dangerous.
“We have seen a rise in things like e-cigarettes, and mobile phones. Mobile phones in particular are a real issue for us,” said Donna Bell, Assistant Director of Community Services.
Despite the fact that mourners are asked not to place certain things with the deceased, the funeral director still has to check the coffins, because family members are not thinking about security issues at that moment.
“Usually the funeral director will pick them up but sometimes things are slid inside peoples' pockets and they are just not picked up during the process, then when they go through the cremation process a hell of an explosion can sometimes occur,” they added.
0 10 abandoned downtown buildings concern city leaders and business owners
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - The old Benchmark Hotel has been labeled a public nuisance after the city and other business grew impatient with the lack of progress by the developer.
The shell of a property joins a list of ten empty buildings in need of some kind of tenants to help bring vitality to downtown and help reduce blight.
One building that has annoyed both city leaders and small businesses is 100 North Main. Ciera Robinson opened their restaurant Regina's Cajun Kitchen just down the street.
Trending stories:
“If that building was filled, we would definitely get a whole new crowd of people coming in,” said Robinson.
100 North Main and the old benchmark Hotel on Union are considered eye soars, public nuisances by Shelby County Environmental Court, because they have sat vacant too long without any progress.
Robinson said empty buildings don't bring in customers.
“Mostly kind of dead for it to be a downtown from my experiences of going to different places,” said Robinson.
FOX13 found out downtown Memphis has 10 empty buildings city leaders wants to get renovated and leased.
Some of them are iconic but vacant. The Downtown Commission said the properties have owners struggling with finances, hoping for tax credits and juggling other projects.
The DMC said it is trying to help the owners to start rehabbing the abandoned properties with incentives.
The commission believes the expected upgrade of the Cook Convention Center will help generate interest.
Sadly, the commission could not tell us if any of the ten vacant buildings will be renovated this year.
It means another year of Ciera Robinson having to wait.
“They need to be done something about today because it is definitely detrimental to all the business that are around here,” said Robinson.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
This gorgeous tiger is clearly none too happy about the impenetrable glass wall separating it from the very familiar-looking "creature" it would love to get to know better.
Two ways of reacting to this video. One: "Oh, this tiger is just a big huge cat, it's so cute! Look at the way it's trying to play with (insert baby's name here) through this glass! Two: Such a majestic animal stuck in a glass cage and getting tempted by something it can't even play with. Zoos are evil.
BUCHAREST, April 12 Romania's central bank board unanimously decided to hold interest rates at 1.75 percent at its April 5 meeting, it said in minutes of the session released on Wednesday, drawing attention to risks stemming from potential fiscal changes.
"In the short term, Romania would witness high economic growth, inflation under control, low unemployment, and financial stability," the minutes showed. "Over the medium term though, there was uncertainty surrounding fiscal risks in particular amid the widening deficit during above-potential growth years."
The bank also noted potential exchange rate risks stemming from fiscal and income policies, as well as developments in global and regional markets following monetary policy decisions.
The Social Democrat-led government will file a unified public sector wage bill in parliament this month, envisaging large pay increases across the board that will boost the budget shortfall. (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; Editing by Radu Marinas)
Police to hand out good driving gift cards for July Fourth
TIVERTON, R.I. (AP) — Good drivers in a Rhode Island town may become a few dollars richer this Independence Day.
Tiverton police announced on Facebook that while they will be on patrol for "bad" drivers, they will also reward good drivers this Wednesday with gift cards for Dunkin' Donuts and Sakonnet River Grille.
Officers will be handing out $5 and $10 gift cards, as well as one for $17.76 in honor of the holiday.
The police department says the cards will come with quotes from the Founding Fathers.
MTV's newest show Teen Mom spinoff, Young & Pregnant, chronicles the lives of five young women coming to grips with the reality of unexpected pregnancies while also juggling turbulent relationships.
In an interview with PEOPLE, Brianna Jaramillo discusses the realities of raising a son with a disability and the experience of being in an on-again-off-again three-year relationship with their transgender boyfriend, Danae, in one of the most compelling storylines in the show. Danae is transitioning from a woman to a man.
Brianna Jaramillo MTV
Jaramillo, who became pregnant at 17, is now the proud mother of a 6-month-old son, Braeson, who was born without a left forearm and hand. They tell PEOPLE that while they were shocked hearing the news, they wouldn't change anything about their baby.
“It was definitely hard hearing about it and realizing they might grow up and realize that he's different from everybody else,” says Jaramillo, 18. “That was definitely hard. But, talking to my doctor about it — it made it a lot easier to handle it, and I realized it wouldn't slow them down.”
“He's going to adjust to living with it because they were born with it. It's not like they had an arm and lost it,” they add. “He's going to learn to do everything that we do but without it.”
Jaramillo leaned on Danae, who is not Braeson's biological father, as they came to grips with their son's disability. (The two were separated when the teenager became pregnant by an old friend.)
Danae (right with their mom Robin on Teen Mom: Young & Pregnant MTV
Despite their differences and Jaramillo's pregnancy, Danae vowed to love and raise Jaramillo's son as their own during the show's premiere, telling her, “Me being trans, I can show them there is so much more to this world.”
During Monday's episode, Danae's mother, Robin, and sister, Cierra, visited the couple in Wisconsin from Danae's native Chicago. While Danae's mother appeared to be at ease with their son's situation, they continued to struggle to use he/him pronouns.
“I'm sorry, I have to stop you. Everybody here is saying ‘he,'” Danae told Robin. “You keep saying ‘she,' and it's really kind of like …”
Brianna Jaramillo's son Braeson
“What? Bothering you?” Robin asked.
“Yes. I prefer male pronouns, I do,” Danae said.
“Well, give me some time because it's not just something that's going to happen overnight,” Robin explained.
Jaramillo tells PEOPLE that scene was “really hard” for Danae to fully understand “because it is their mom.”
“I feel like a lot of transgender and LGBTQ people struggle with their families not understanding right away,” they say. “I don't think they were trying to make it a big thing or be mean about it because that is their child and it's hard for her, too.”
If Braeson were to have their own coming out, Jaramillo says she'd fully accept them as they are.
“I wouldn't be mad or upset,” they say. “Honestly, I would be happy if they came home with a girlfriend or boyfriend, I would be happy because I want them to be who they are at the end of the day.”
Teen Mom: Young & Pregnant airs Mondays (10 p.m. ET) on MTV.
British repair and insurance firm HomeServe (HSV.L) said it expected full-year profit to come in at the upper end of market expectations, helped by growth across its businesses.
Analysts on average were expecting adjusted pretax profit in the range of 105 million pounds to 112 million pounds ($131 million-$140 million) for the year to March 31, according to a company-compiled consensus.
HomeServe, which sells cover for household emergencies such as boiler breakdowns and burst water pipes, said the UK business, its largest unit, saw customer growth of 1 percent, while customer retention remained strong at 80 percent.
Income per customer continued to increase in the region, the company said, adding that it anticipated income per customer to increase further in the next financial year as customers buy wider cover.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A swimming pool is colder than usual today because of a heating problem at Wakefield Council's Sun Lane leisure centre.
The council has apologised for the low temperature and for warm showers not being available at the city centre pool.
Wakefield Council said on its Twitter feed: “Owing to a heating issue, warm showers are not available and pool's cooler than usual at Sun Lane today.
“We hope to have this resolved early tomorrow. Thank you for your patience on this matter. We will keep you updated here with details.”
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee and author of the so-called “Nunes memo,” said Friday that the document was just one phase of their investigation into the probe of Russian election meddling in the 2016 election.
“This completes just the FISA abuse portion of our investigation,” they told Fox News' Bret Baier on Friday, after their brief and widely-panned memo was declassified by President Donald Trump.
Republicans had claimed the document would show serious wrongdoing and anti-Trump bias within the FBI and Justice Department. The reality was dramatically different.
“We are in the middle of what I call phase two of our investigation,” Nunes continued, “which involves other departments, specifically the State Department and some of the involvement they had in this.”
“That investigation is ongoing and we continue to work toward finding answers and asking the right questions to try to get to the bottom of what exactly the State Department was up to in terms of this Russian investigation.”
Nunes was defiant in the interview, calling Democrats who had criticized the memo as misleading liars, and asserting at one point that they didn't think “somebody like” former Trump campaign aide Carter Page — the surveillance warrant for whom was the memo's primary focus — “should be a target of the FBI.”
“I don't know what the FBI agent, what they were smoking that [they] would think that Carter Page, who hasn't had a job for many years, who is obviously a Russian sympathizer, but that somehow the Russians, who actually said they were an idiot in court testimony — this was presented before the court — so Russian agents said that Carter Page was an idiot,” they said before referencing one of the Steele dossier's claims. “Do you think that the Russians were going to offer them a 19 percent share of the major oil company in Russia? I mean, this is crazy. So when somebody first reads that dossier, I would think you would come away from that and think, this is wild stuff.”
Nunes dismissed specific criticisms made by Democrats and contradicted a previous vote they cast to block the release of a Democratic counter-memo that Democrats claim would paint a more complete picture of the FISA warrant to surveil Page.
“Yeah, we will” vote to release Democrats' memo, they said, “but it has to go through the same process.”
They said it was “hard to say” when that would be, as “we're going to have to go through and scrub it again.”
Democrats have charged that it was misleading for Nunes to claim in their memo that the Steele dossier “formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application,” and specifically objected to the memo's claim that outgoing FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee “no surveillance warrant would have been sought” without the Steele dossier's information.
Nunes said of that assertion: “Yeah, I mean it's a summation of a long interview, and that is definitely what they said, not to mention we have other witnesses who said similar things.”
Baier asked why Nunes wouldn't simply release the transcript of McCabe saying as much.
“Well that would be a whole process that we'd have to go through,” Nunes said. “I wouldn't mind doing that, but we'd have to go through a whole process to release transcripts.”
“They wouldn't have received a warrant without the dossier,” they said, adding: “The largest percentage of the entire application has to do with the dossier and then using the news story to corroborate the dossier.”
Baier then played a clip of House Intelligence Committee member Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) claiming that it “was disclosed to the FISA court that part of the evidence was from a politically-motivated source.”
“These guys tell so many lies, you can't keep track of them,” Nunes said of that claim, adding later: “I don't believe that happened at all.”
May 3 Reliance Corporate IT Park Ltd:
* MoU with SAP SE to launch 'Saral GST' solution for taxpayers in GST regime Source text - (Reliance Corporate IT Park Limited (“RCITPL”) – a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited today announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with SAP SE (NYSE: SAP) to launch ‘SARAL GST' solution for taxpayers in the GST regime. ) Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Favorite local Musician J. Plunky Branch and their group 'The Oneness' are known for their signature Afro-funk sound. Plunky & The Oneness joined us in our studio recently and performed their original song “This is Our Time.” For more information you can visit http://www.plunkyone.com
LONDON It might not quite be the last chance saloon for Middlesbrough in their bid to avoid relegation but Saturday's match against Burnley is certainly in the 'must win' category for the Teesside team.
Boro are seven points adrift of safety after Wednesday's 4-2 loss at relegation rivals Hull City and need a sudden turnaround in form if they are to avoid an instant return to the second tier Championship.
Eight games remain but with their run-in including fixtures against Arsenal, Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool, Steve Agnew's team can ill-afford to drop points against a Burnley side that have yet to win away from home this season.
Middlesbrough have struggled for goals – no team has scored fewer than their tally of 22 this season – but when they finally found their scoring boots at Hull, their previously solid defence struggled.
"We tried to be more expansive and creative up the pitch, and changed the shape. But ultimately, we didn't do our jobs defensively and without the ball, and we have to resolve that quickly," said defender Ben Gibson, who has been one of the true bright spots for Boro this year, recently earning a call-up to the England squad.
"It was far from good enough from all of us, myself included," they added, while insisting that the club were ready to keep scrapping until the end of the campaign.
"It's about the team and we won't stop fighting. There are eight games and 24 points still to fight for.
"It was a big blow at Hull, but we have to get on with it quickly. It's a massive game against Burnley now. We won't stop believing and won't stop fighting," said the 24-year-old.
In contrast, the Clarets enjoyed a boost in their efforts to stay clear of the bottom three with a scrappy 1-0 win at home to Stoke City at Turf Moor on Tuesday.
Having gone straight back down in both their previous campaigns in the Premier League, Burnley have steered clear of trouble this term but are still in need of points to secure their status for another season.
Sean Dyche's side are just two points away from the top half but are still only seven points above the 'drop zone' in 14th place.
"We've got good points on the board, we're in good shape, but we've got to keep taking on the next challenge," said Dyche, who refuses to view their team as being close to safety.
"No, we've got to keep challenging ourselves, every game that comes -- we made a deal with the players, like we do every year, it's a one game at a time mentality," they said.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Neil Robinson)
FILE PHOTO: Philippine Bureau of Corrections personnel escort U.S. Marine Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton (2nd R), after they were found guilty by trial court of killing Jennifer Laude, a transgender woman, upon arrival in a detention facility at Camp Aguinaldo in Quezon... REUTERS/Ted Aljibe/Pool
MANILA The Philippine Court of Appeals has upheld a guilty verdict on a U.S. Marine for killing a transgender woman nearly three years ago, a case that stirred debate over the U.S. military presence in its former colony.
A lower court had found Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton guilty of killing Jennifer Laude in a hotel in Olongapo, outside a former U.S. navy base northwest of the capital, in 2014.
They were jailed for between six and 10 years on a Philippine military base.
Pemberton had admitted choking but not killing Laude after, they said, they discovered that a man was giving them oral sex, not a woman. They had been charged with murder but was convicted of the lesser offence of homicide, which does not require malicious intent.
In a ruling dated April 3, but only made public on Monday, the Court of Appeals denied Pemberton's appeal due to "lack of merit".
It also raised the compensation they must pay Laude's family to 150,000 pesos (£2,421) from 80,000 pesos.
The killing stoked anger over the presence of U.S. soldiers on Philippine soil after senators voted two decades ago shut U.S. bases because of social issues, including crimes committed by servicemen.
The two countries are close military allies and the United States has for years led dozens of joint training exercises in the Philippines.
But the relationship has soured under Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte who says the U.S. military presence makes their country a target for conflict, especially if tensions escalate between the United States and China in the South China Sea.
Duterte announced a "separation" from the United States in October, declaring they had realigned with China as the two agreed to resolve their South China Sea dispute through talks.
They have threatened repeatedly to scrap a series of defence pacts with the United States, but taken no concrete steps to do so, and Philippine defence officials frequently reaffirm the strength of the relationship.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK A measure of stocks across major markets globally inched up to a record high on Tuesday, lifted by gains in Europe amid corporate and economic strength, while crude futures tumbled as prices breached key technical levels.
A broad index of European stocks rose to its highest since August 2015, boosted by company earnings and as a survey of factory activity in the euro zone jumped to its highest since April 2011. French blue chips .FCHI hit their highest in nearly a decade and Germany's DAX .GDAXI set a record high.
Robust results have helped lift share prices across the globe this year, with major U.S. indexes at or near record levels. First-quarter profits of companies on the benchmark S&P 500 index are expected to have risen 13.9 percent, the strongest rise since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters data.1.50.6
BP shares rose 1.6 percent (BP.L) after the oil major's first-quarter profit tripled.
Apple (AAPL.O) shares fell 1.2 percent to $145.75 in extended trading after the iPhone maker reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
"The economy is doing better within Europe, but these also tend to be global companies," said Isabelle Mateos y Lago, chief multi-asset strategist at BlackRock.
"The main reason why we are optimistic is because European companies are extremely well plugged in to benefit from the global reflation story, from China and U.S. growth picking up."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 36.43 points, or 0.17 percent, to 20,949.89, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 2.84 points, or 0.12 percent, to 2,391.17 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 3.76 points, or 0.06 percent, to 6,095.37.
The pan-European STOXX 600 rose 0.75 percent to end at a near 21-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.27 percent to an all-time high.
The U.S. dollar hit a six-week high of 112.30 Japanese yen as traders anticipated that despite some recent weak data the Federal Reserve would prepare markets for an interest rate increase in June in its statement following a policy meeting this week.
The yen weakened 0.13 percent against the greenback to 111.99 per dollar JPY=.
The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady after its two-day meeting that began Tuesday, as it pauses to examine more economic data, but may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
Traders do not anticipate a hike on Wednesday but are currently forecasting a 65.2 percent chance of a 25-basis-point hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data.
U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury notes US10YT=RR were last up 11/32 in price to yield 2.2874 percent, from 2.327 percent late on Monday, ahead of the Fed statement on Wednesday.
WTI plunged on reports of rising output in the United States and extended losses on technical selling, while Brent crude oil prices fell to the lowest in over five months, erasing all the gains since OPEC agreed to cut production at the end of November.
U.S. crude futures pared losses after data showed a bigger-than-expected inventory draw.
U.S. crude CLcv1 fell 1.84 percent to $47.94 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $50.77, down 1.46 percent on the day.
Gold touched a three-week low of $1,251.37 an ounce as demand for the safe-haven asset waned. Spot gold XAU= was little changed at $1,256.36 an ounce
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Additional reporting by Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni in London and Sam Forgione, Lewis Krauskopf, Scott DiSavino and Karen Brettell in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish)
We all know the annoying dude who refuses to wear a coat regardless of how cold it is outside!
It's time to let loose, dress up and party on down: carnival's in town! For the next 12 days the whole world's a fiesta, and while our local celebrations may not boast quite the sequin-swathed sparkle of Rio's Carnival, we do have one of the most seasonally sensational spectacles in the Med. The Limassol Carnival…
Famous for its love of a good celebration, Limassol is gearing up for its annual carnival marathon; an event so massive – and popular – that it merits its own Wikipedia shout-out: “The island festival is a colourful event of feasting, songs of sarcasm, games, processions and balls held in most towns of Cyprus – but the event in Limassol is the largest and most popular!” And this year's carnival promises to deliver all that and more… starting with an evening of major musical madness at the Marina.
Valentine's Day 2017 sees the celebrations begin with a 7pm concert by the Ariones Choir and a Limassol Majorettes' show followed by a parade to the Trakasol Cultural Centre for the inauguration of the Limassol Carnival 2016 exhibition. Organised by the Limassol Municipality and the Cyprus Photographic Society, the exhibition will run throughout, and features a selection of photographs and carnival costumes from past events.
Wednesday brings more of the same, with the 6pm opening of a Carnival 2017 exhibition co-hosted by the Limassol Union of Self-Educated Painters accompanied by the Kato Polemidia Municipality Choir down at the Town Hall, followed by the annual carnival mask exhibition (and associated workshops, which will take place from 15 to 25) by Vera Efthimiou Parlalidou at the Theomaria Art Gallery.
On Thursday, events begin a little earlier in the day, and by 11am we can expect “carnival fiestas in front of the Limassol Cooperative Savings Bank and the Bank of Cyprus.” At 12.30pm The Limassol Serenaders will take to Saripolou Square, and by 5.30pm the party is over at the Town Hall, where the “Mayor and the Municipal Council, accompanied by the Limassol Municipality Brass Band and the Limassol Majorettes will parade through the streets up to the Grigoris Afxentiou square” before “the Lime & Sol group and the Batukinio percussion instruments group invite us to dance to the rhythm of salsa.” By 7pm, those not exhausted by the day's excitements will be turning out for the big one: the entry of the Queen of Carnival and their entourage, which will include pretty much every city dignitary, bands of bands and choirs galore.
Friday is a little quieter, with a sole event being a choral performance at the Pattihio Municipal Theatre but by the weekend things are really hotting up. A children's train, a crazy mask workshop and a treasure hunt are just some of the kid-centred activities taking place on Saturday while Sunday sees the annual Children's Carnival Parade and a Serenaders Event in front of the Perama Music Stage.
If you've still energy to spare after a jam-packed first week, then you'll be ready to plunge into yet more musical performances on Monday 20 and the Pellomaska Parade on Tuesday 21 – which starts in Heroes Square and ends with a masked fiesta and costume competition at the castle. On Wednesday 22 we're back at the Trakasol Centre for carnival songs with the Limassol Tetrafonia, followed by the Big Street Party in University Square at 8.30pm, while Thursday 23 sees the Evening Carnival Parade from Grigori Afxentiou – ending in a Carnival Ball (and another costume competition) at the Medieval Castle Square – and Friday 24 brings another Serenaders Evening at the Limassol Marina.
And so we come to the last two days, and what a weekend it's shaping up to be! Saturday 25 is definitely not a time to be on the roads: you'll have to contend with the Children's Train, the Limassol Classic Car Club “driving around the city in a carnival mood”, and an evening serenade parade with free wine – another good reason to go on foot! And if you're still not legless by Sunday, you won't want to miss the final celebrations: the Grand Carnival Parade down Archbishop Makarios III Avenue, a Farewell Carnival Fiesta at the Enaerios parking place, and a Parade of Limassol Majorettes – taking us right back to where we started, the Limassol Marina. But even if you can't stay the distance, with 12 full days of activities, events and general revelry there's bound to be something at the Limassol Carnival that floats your float!
The Limassol Carnival
February 14 to 26. For a full programme of events visits www.limassolmunicipal.com.cy or call 25 745919
According to the Engineer Salary Survey 2018, engineers in the oil and gas sector are the highest paid in the UK, with an average salary of £53,913; followed by engineers in the energy, renewables and nuclear sector, who earn an average of £52,653.
Oil and gas engineers – £53,913 (average salary for 2018)
Despite a renewed sense of confidence within the sector, average salaries for engineers in the oil and gas industry have dropped slightly this year, from £54,461 in 2017 to £53,913 in 2018. This could be partly attributed to a drop in the average pay of directors in the sector, who have seen their salaries decrease from £81,805 in 2017, to £66,795 this year, although this may be partly the result of a small sample size. The sector is still the highest paid overall, however, and boasts the highest-paid senior engineers and managers of any industry. Energy, renewables and nuclear engineers – £52,653
Although the UK's energy mix is changing, salaries in the sector remain relatively stable, at an average of £52,653 in 2018, up slightly from £51,953 in 2017. Just like the previous two surveys, the energy, renewables and nuclear industry remains the second-highest-paid sector, behind oil and gas. Chemicals, pharmaceuticals and medical engineers – £50,890
Pay growth in the sector has also gone into reverse this year, with chemical, pharmaceutical and medical engineers earning an average of £50,890 in 2018, compared with £51,750 in 2017. Nevertheless, the sector remains the third-highest-paid industry. Automotive engineers – £48,967
The average salary of those responding to our survey from the sector in 2018 is £48,967, up marginally from 2017 (£48,100), and very close to the average for engineering overall. Both junior engineers and senior engineers and managers working in the automotive sector can also expect to earn salaries close to the overall average for engineers as a whole, at £32,162 and £48,908 respectively. Food, drink and consumer goods engineers – £48,155
The average salary for engineers in the sector is £48,155 in 2018, up from £46,460 in 2017. Average salaries for junior engineers and graduates have also risen from last year, when they were the lowest of all the sectors, increasing from £24,954 in 2017 to £27,802 in 2018. Directors in the industry have also seen a considerable rise in salary, up from £67,980 in 2017 to £79,393 in 2018, although this may be partly the result of sample size. However, senior engineers and managers have seen their average salary drop from £48,626 in 2017 to £47,187
this year. Defence, security and marine engineers – £47,968
The average salary in the defence industry is £47,968, up from £46,838 in 2017. Much of this difference is down to an increase in the pay of senior engineers and managers, from £46,954 in 2017 to £47,438 in 2018. Directors in the sector, meanwhile, have seen their average pay drop from £80,853 to £79,857, and junior engineers' pay has dropped from £30,929 to £29,157. Aerospace engineers – £47,752
The average salary among aerospace engineers is £47,752, up slightly from £46,362 in 2017. Junior engineers in the sector earn an average of £32,920, up from £29,581 in 2017. Among directors, salaries in the sector have remained relatively static compared to those of last year, with an average of £67,511 in 2018, compared with £67,538 in 2017. Senior engineers and managers, however, have seen their average earnings increase from £48,658 in 2017 to £50,014 in 2018. Material engineers – £47,130
The average salary in the sector is £47,130. This is down slightly from £48,318 in 2017, although it is still considerably higher than the average of £39,494 in 2016, suggesting the relatively small sample size may be a factor in causing the figure to fluctuate somewhat between years. Rail, civil and structural engineers – £45,871
The average salary for engineers in rail, civil and structural is £45,871, the third-lowest sector after telecoms, electronics and utilities and academia, although a slight increase on last year's average of £44,890.
Academic engineers – £44,774
On average, engineers in the sector are earning £44,774, up from £43,809 in 2017 and taking academia off the bottom slot and above the telecoms, electronics and utilities sector. Telecoms, utilities and electronics engineers – £44,504
The average salary in the sector is £44,504, down from £46,567 in 2017. More than a quarter (27.3 per cent) of engineers in the sector are based in London and the South East, closely followed by those in the Midlands and East Anglia (20.8 per cent). Electronics engineers working overseas command the highest wages, with an average salary of £49,301, followed by those based in the Midlands, on £47,307. Engineers in Scotland are earning the lowest wages, on £37,250.
Average salary by UK engineering sector*
Oil and Gas £53,913 Energy/Renewables/Nuclear £52,653 Chemicals and Pharma/Medical £50,890 Automotive £48,967 Food and Drink/Consumer Goods £48,155 Defence and Security/Marine £47,968 Aerospace £47,752 Materials £47,130 Rail/Civil and Structural £45,871 Academia £44,774 None of these £44,563 Telecoms and Utilities/Electronics £44,504
*All data from The Engineer Salary Survey 2018.
The Engineer's 2018 Salary Survey was conducted in partnership with technical recruitment consultancy CBSbutler.
Click here for the full results of the Salary Survey.
Click here for The Engineer's Salary Calculator.
The following is from the Office of the Attorney General:
OLYMPIA (April 24, 2018) — Attorney General Bob Ferguson last week released a guide designed to be posted in workplaces to educate Washingtonians about their rights regarding sexual harassment in the workplace. The flyer, available in both Spanish and English, lays out the definition and types of sexual harassment, requirements for employers and steps employees can take if they experience sexual harassment.
“Every Washingtonian deserves to be treated with respect in the workplace,” said Ferguson. “Sexual harassment in the workplace is an illegal form of discrimination. This flyer empowers employees by making their rights and options easy to understand.”
Current discussions surrounding sexual harassment, including the #MeToo Movement, prompted Ferguson to issue a flyer as a way of helping those who experience harassment. Free copies of the Attorney General's Sexual Harassment Law flyer can be downloaded here.
Sexual harassment is a form of illegal sex discrimination involving unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct that is based on sex. All forms of sexual harassment are illegal, and employers may be liable for this behavior if they do not take the proper steps to address it. Employers should:
● Provide procedures for employees who have experienced sexual harassment to report complaints;
● Thoroughly and promptly investigate complaints of sexual harassment; and
● Take prompt and effective action to eliminate further sexual harassment in the workplace.
The flyer also provides steps for employees if they witness or experience sexual harassment. To address this unlawful behavior, employees may:
● Communicate to the harasser or their supervisor that the offensive behavior is unwelcome;
● Immediately report the incident(s) to management or the human resources department; and/or
● Report the harassment to the following government agencies: the Washington State Attorney General's Office, the Washington State Human Rights Commission, and/or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
If you witness or experience sexual harassment in the workplace, you may submit a complaint to the Attorney General's Wing Luke Civil Rights Unit through the Attorney General's Office website or by contacting the unit toll-free at 800-551-4636.
Para leer esta noticia en español, haga clic aquí.
The Wing Luke Civil Rights Unit works to protect the rights of all Washington residents by enforcing state and federal anti-discrimination laws. It is named for Wing Luke, who served as an Assistant Attorney General for the state of Washington in the late 1950s and early 1960s. They went on to become the first person of color elected to the Seattle City Council and the first Asian-American elected to public office in the Pacific Northwest.
The Office of the Attorney General is the chief legal office for the state of Washington with attorneys and staff in 27 divisions across the state providing legal services to roughly 200 state agencies, boards and commissions. Visit www.atg.wa.gov to learn more.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD, Va. – Teenager Jack Saunders arrived home from school to find their home trashed; glass shattered at the back door where thieves gained entry.
Saunders was alone at their Bayhill Pointe home.
“This chair was moved and there was glass just all over,” they said. “And there was the brick laying in the floor.”
They said thieves went through everything.
"My bed was all like…everywhere… because they were like looking for stuff,” they said. “My sister's clothes were on the ground.”
They said the thieves made off with the families personal belongings, electronics and three firearms.
“My Apple Watch. A lot of jewelry from my Mom. And just some cash, my wallet was gone," Saunders said.
They called their parents and then police to report the crime.
“At first, yeah, I was really scared,” they said. “And then, the police got here and then I realized there was nobody here. So, I was good after that.”
Chesterfield Police confirm there were two reported burglaries this week in that neighborhood, and said they may be related. Four were reported so far this year.
And since January, there were eight reported larcenies from vehicles in Bayhill Pointe.
Police believe juveniles may be responsible for the home burglaries.
Saunders said their sense of security is now a little shaken.
“We didn't think it was going to happen to us,” they said. “But now we know like it can be anybody.”
Detectives are looking into several leads in this case, but they are not prepared to identify a suspect.
They encouraged community members to lock their cars and remove any valuables.
April 12 Borussia Dortmund defender Marc Bartra said they are "doing much better" after suffering a wrist and arm injury when the team bus was attacked with explosives on Tuesday shortly before the start of the Champions League clash with AS Monaco.
Bartra, who joined Dortmund for 8 million euros ($8.49 million) from Barcelona at the start of the season, was operated on for a broken wrist and shrapnel in their arm.
"Hello everybody! As you can see I am doing much better," the 26-year-old Spanish international wrote on Instagram.
The accompanying photo showed Bartra bandaged up most of their right arm and around their left wrist. They were giving the thumbs-up sign.
"Thank you everybody for all your support and your messages! All my strength to my teammates, supporters and fans and to @bvb09 for tonight's match!"
The match is rescheduled for later on Wednesday at Dortmund's Signa Iduna Park.
($1 = 0.9423 euros) (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
On Thursday, the National Riffle Association released a statement that called on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ARF) to review whether the bump stock device — which authorities believe was used by the Las Vegas gunman — is in compliance with federal law that bans automatic riffles.
A day later, the NRA's outspoken spokesperson Dana Loesch wouldn't say whether they support a ban on the gun accessory that allows a semi-automatic riffle to function like a fully automatic weapon.
Appearing on Fox Business Friday morning, they dodged questions about whether they would support tightly written legislation that bans the bump stock devices, saying, “I'm not an elected official” and “I don't want to engage in hypothetical arguments.”
“Dana, come on. I want your opinion on bump stocks and getting rid of them,” Stuart Varney, host of Fox's “Varney and Co.,” said.
“This is why we elect Congress to do this,” they said.
When Varney asked for their opinion again, they repeated that it's Congress' job, eventually saying that the NRA doesn't support confiscation and they're “not asking for a ban.”
“We are asking the ATF to just simply look at the regulations, this is a question of the ATF and whether it's doing its job with consistency here,” they said. “(Wayne) LaPierre was incredibly clear when they said that last night and further NRA members have been incredibly clear on this. What isn't clear is where Congress is. What isn't clear is the job that Congress needs to do. What isn't clear is the consistency, or rather lack thereof, from the ATF these past eight plus year. That's where our focus is.”
While they said Congress needs to do its “job,” they were likely referencing Republican members of Congress coming up with legislation that isn't “Diane Feinstein's gun control circus,” they said.
“We can talk about things that can be done, we can talk about the system that failed. Universal background checks failed in California twice,” they said, spouting out mass shooting instances in which a gunman was able to legally obtain a weapon. “I will tell you people want to protect themselves from the monsters. We want to protect ourselves. The system we are told to trust is not doing it for us.”
Watch the interview below:
By: Taylor DeVille, Associate Arts & Life Editor
People don't have to look far past the Golden Globes or last year's #OscarsSoWhite to recognize the underrepresentation of women and people of color in film. From 2007 to 2016, women directed just 4 percent of top-grossing Hollywood movies.
In 2015, racial minorities accounted for just 13.6 percent of “top film” leads (compared to 29 percent of women) and 10 percent of directors (and before you say “things are getting better,” those numbers have fluctuated since 2011, and were higher in previous years.)
In an effort to be a vehicle for the voices of women and non-white filmmakers, associate professor Elsa Lankford (with the help of two other faculty members) launched the Women and Minorities in Media film festival—colloquially known as WAMMFest. Starting Wednesday, Towson will host WAMMFest for the tenth year in a row.
“I co-founded WAMMFest [because] we were looking at our classrooms and realizing that they weren't nearly as diverse as they could be,” Lankford said. “We wanted to celebrate the diversity that we had within the EMF department and encourage more [diversity].”
This year's WAMMFest will feature 67 short films produced by women and minority filmmakers from over 20 countries around the globe. Locally, the work of high school students from the Baltimore-based youth group Wide Angle Youth Media will be featured in the “emerging filmmakers” category.
With more than 1,000 entries from filmmakers in 80 different countries, the winners are divided into five categories — animation, comedy (formerly LGBT), documentary, narrative and virtual reality, which was added this year.
The subject matter of the winning films ranges from a young girl on their natural hair journey in “The Big Chop” (directed by Derek Dow and written by Alisha Cowan), to documenting a couple who have been together for over 40 years as one of them suffers from Alzheimer's in “Alzheimer's: A Love Story” (by Monica Petruzzelli and Gabe Schimmel).
“We have seen, over the past few years, more and more people are starting to be very aware about diversity in film and media in general,” Lankford said.
Although Lankford prefers to “leave [her] own politics out of it,” they said that the Trump administration and political climate “have been hard on women and minority filmmakers.”
During the administration's attempted Muslim ban, Lankford said “there was real concern” about whether WAMMFest “and other festival artists” would be allowed in the country.
“We need to make sure that everybody is able to tell their story. That's what helps connect people from all different political backgrounds — stories,” Lankford said. “Everybody wants to be engaged and entertained, and the more that you have these stories from different points of view — women, minorities, people from different countries — that's where social change can really happen.”
In addition to the screenings, WAMMFest will also host panel discussions featuring the winning filmmakers, karaoke, and a master class about virtual reality throughout the week. To celebrate the tenth year of the festival, students will have a chance to attend a Q&A on Wednesday night with guest artist Sonja Sohn, most notable for their role as Detective Kima Greggs on “The Wire.”
On Friday, Women in Film and Video will host a panel about story pitching and on Saturday, the Baltimore chapter of Film Fatales will discuss media-makers roles in social justice movements.
“That panel isn't just for filmmakers — it's for anybody that wants to be involved in more activism,” Lanford said. “Part of what I would love to see more is connections between students that are, say, in liberal arts, connecting with students in our department to really combine those passions of social justice and film and media making.”
WAMMFest is open to all students for $15 on Wednesday and $5 Thursday through Saturday. To purchase tickets, read about the films or look at WAMMFest's schedule, visit wammtu.com.
Verizon finalizes the $4.48 billion deals integrating the Yahoo internet operations into a new unit called Oath, which includes another former sector leader, AOL
Published 11:54 PM, June 13, 2017
WASHINGTON DC, USA – Internet pioneer Yahoo ended its two-decade run as an independent company on Tuesday, June 13, completing the sale of its core online assets to telecom giant Verizon.
Yahoo's chief executive Marissa Mayer resigned as expected, as Verizon finalized the $4.48 billion deals integrating the Yahoo internet operations into a new unit called Oath, which includes another former sector leader, AOL.
Tim Armstrong, former CEO of AOL, now holds the same title at Oath, a division in Verizon's Media and Telematics organization.
"We're building the future of brands using powerful technology, trusted content and differentiated data," Armstrong said in a statement.
"We have dominating consumer brands in news, sports, finance, tech, and entertainment and lifestyle coupled with our market leading advertising technology platforms. Now that the deal is closed, we are excited to set our focus on being the best company for consumer media, and the best partner to our advertising, content and publisher partners."
Oath includes a number of other digital media operations including HuffPost, formerly known as the Huffington Post.
Verizon has made no indication of how it will use the Yahoo brand – which is used by over a billion people worldwide – but indicated it is keeping the names Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail and more.
Some reports have said more than 1,000 jobs would be eliminated as a result of the merger, but statements from Yahoo and Verizon on Tuesday made no mention of any cuts.
Yahoo's sale caps a long decline from when it had a peak market value of some $125 billion in 2000.
The original Yahoo group now becomes a holding company with stakes in Chinese internet giant Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.
On Friday, it will change its name to Altaba Inc. and on Monday begin trading under the ticker symbol "AABA."
Mayer, who was unable to stem the decline of the iconic Silicon Valley company, is getting a departure package worth an estimated $186 million, according to regulatory filings. – Rappler.com
A A
Here are the nominees for The Columbian winter sports prep athlete of the week, sponsored by Athletes Corner, for the three-week period ending Dec. 31.
Athletes may win the honor once in during the regular season and cannot be nominated in consecutive weeks.
Voting will continue until 8 p.m. Thursday, with results announced in Friday's edition of The Columbian.
ALEX BAILEY, MOUNTAIN VIEW BOYS BASKETBALL: Bailey made five 3-pointers and scored 41 points for the Thunder in a win over North Salem in the Century-Hillsboro Tournament.
ABBY LEES, WASHOUGAL GIRLS WRESTLING: Lees swept to victory in the 235-pound division of the Rogers Holiday Tournament with three pins.
ETHAN ROTONDO, UNION BOYS WRESTLING: Rotondo swept to victory in the 113-pound divisio of the Pacific Coast Championship.
KYLEE TJENSVOLD, RIDGEFIELD GYMNASTICS: Tjensvold placed first in all events to win the all-around with a score of 35.25 in a meet on Dec. 17.
BROOKE WALLING, PRAIRIE GIRLS BASKETBALL: Walling averaged 14 points and 10 rebounds over four games at the West Coast Jamboree, earning all-tournament honors.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Artea SA:
* To carry out third tranche of Lille-Lesquin Arteparc in partnership with Caisse des Dépôts
* Delivery of the first building (100 pct leased) of this 3rd tranche is scheduled for July 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
“THE problem is - when things do not go well for Mou, they do not follow the club's line. They follow José's line.”
That's not a line uttered in the last few weeks, as Jose Mourinho's Old Trafford fortress starts to crumble. It's from a 2014 anecdote provided by an executive at Gestifute, their agent Jorge Mendes's agency, for an explosive book by journalist Diego Torres - The Special One: The Dark Side of Jose Mourinho - written in 2014.
Manchester United's executives initially avoided the risk of going for Mourinho to replace Sir Alex Ferguson, fearing the fact that according to The Special One, no institution is bigger than they are. But the sense of crisis, and urgent pang to re-claim silverware and keep pace with Manchester City, saw them take a gamble appointing them to replace Louis van Gaal, despite all the warnings.
The problem is, right on cue, in Mourinho's second year, the flames are burning outside their castle – but they haven't claimed the requisite Premier League or Champions League crown that usually makes the end justify the means.
Manchester United's high octane, aspirational brand of football has been compromised, and the club is arguably now being overshadowed by the man himself.
Camera Icon Cracks are appearing in Jose Mourinho's masterpiece. Picture: FOX SPORTS
It's one of football's great throwaway lines, that Mourinho's intense, siege mentality, conspiracy fuelled and tactically pragmatic tenures tend to galvanise squads for early success, before burning out late in the second or into the third season – upon which, Mourinho starts to change the public narrative to position themselves favourably against the club.
It's a risk United knew they were taking. The warnings were there.
At Real Madrid, blessed with attacking talent to die for, they set themselves up as the anti-Pep Guardiola, driven by the incendiary motivation of tearing down the success of the beautiful Barcelona side that had emerged thanks to the Catalan hero, who got the job at a time Mourinho coveted it for himself.
In the Spanish capital, they were obsessed with what became known as their Trivote; before Juan Mata, Kevin de Bruyne and Mohamed Salah were dispensed with at Chelsea, Mourinho had made Brazil icon Kaka expendable in Madrid, so they could accommodate three defensively minded, industrious midfielders in big games.
Sound familiar? Nemanja Matic, Scott McTominay, Marouane Fellaini?
Camera Icon Mourinho, from Porto to Inter to Chelsea to Real to Chelsea to Manchester United. Picture: FOX SPORTS
Even the Portuguese central defender Pepe got a run in midfield! At Real Madrid! Rumour has it that the club's Sporting Director Jorge Valdano called the football being played at the fabled club thanks to Mourinho: “s*** on a stick”.
It's all part of the Mourinho package, the game plan – a strategy that keeps their stocks high when, inevitably, Paris Saint-Germain come calling to save them from England. It helps explain their extraordinary recent outbursts.
After the Champions League exit, they reminded everyone of their track record. They made it personal.
After scrapping past Brighton & Hove Albion in the FA Cup, they turned on their players.
Neither are new tactics.
Even when Chelsea won the league three seasons ago, Mourinho immediately made it about him, by invoking their rivalry with Guardiola.
“I took a risk,” they said. “I am so, so happy because I won another Premier League title 10 years after [my first] in my second spell at the club. I was champion at every club I coached. I came to Inter [Milan], Real Madrid and Chelsea. Every title is important. To win the title in Spain with 100 points against the best Barcelona ever was a big achievement that I enjoyed so much. Maybe in the future I have to be smarter and choose another club in another country where everybody is champion. Maybe I will go to a country where a kitman can be coach and win the title. Maybe I need to be smarter but I still enjoy these difficulties. I think I'm at the right place. I'm here until Abramovich tells me to go.”
Staggering.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho (C) leads a session. Picture: AFP
After a loss to Leicester that preceded their axing, they accused their players of “betraying him”.
Earlier in the season, he'd launched a seven-minute tirade, much like last weeks. At Chelsea, they erupted: “I want to make it clear … 1) I don't run away; 2) If the club wants to sack me, they have to sack me because I am not running away from my responsibility, my team … 3) Even more important than the second, I think this is a crucial moment in the history of this club. You know why? If the club sacks me, they sack the best manager this club had. And secondly, the message is again the message of bad results. The manager is guilty. This is the message, not just these players, the other ones before, they got [the message] during a decade. This is a moment for everybody to assume their responsibilities. To stick together. This is what I want.”
The signs were even there as early as 2007, where Mourinho, who was the hottest property in English football, managed to lose control of their first Chelsea dressing room. The Independent tells the story of their acrimonious first exit, when they told the group “I wish you and all your families good luck and I thank you. Even those of you who betrayed me”.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho (L) talks with Liverpool's German manager Jurgen Klopp (R) Picture: AFP
Then there's the matter of Luke Shaw, with reports some United players are astounded by perceived “bullying” and the extraordinary power play with Paul Pogba.
This is also nothing new.
Mourinho has a who's who in their XI of the best players axed, headlined by their spectacular battle with Real club icon Iker Casillas.
In 2009, their former midfield lynchpin Claude Makelele reflected on Mourinho's time at Chelsea. They explain their willingness to tamper with the dressing room unity, and why stars struggle to truly flourish under their tutelage.
“During that third complete season under their control, I was stunned to see how Mourinho forgot the value of their players and claimed all the credit for everything,” they explained.
“To him, individuals didn't make the team work well, their methods did. At the end Mourinho gave the impression that they felt threatened as soon as a player was in the spotlight more than him.”
Camera Icon Chelsea's manager Jose Mourinho, left, flanked by Claude Makelele. Picture: News Limited
As acerbic and critical as the narrative in England has been over Mourinho's deflating tactics in recent months, which has seen some wonderful players cower on the pitch, it still seems assumed that they will continue next year, and get the chance to finally prove that their methods still work.
But do they?
Their stunning arrival in 2004 at Porto and then their backs-against-the-wall success at Inter Milan, which climaxed with symbolic, dogged triumphs over Guardiola's Barcelona and their mentor Louis van Gaal's Bayern Munich in the Champions League win in 2010, are their crowning European glories.
Using similar tactics against Rostov, Anderlecht, Celta Vigo and Ajax in last year's Europa League win don't quite hold the same mystic. In fact, it epitomises their approach.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Alexis Sanchez Picture: AP
Pundit Chris Sutton, speaking on the Monday Night Club on BBC Radio 5 live, said overnight: “Mourinho is a changed personality from the charismatic one that first came over in 2004.  They are picking silly, personal squabbles.
“Is it disastrous for Manchester United at the moment? No.
“But is this what Mourinho's remit was, to come in and finish behind City and not push for major trophies?  They are rattled.
“He looks across the city, and the style of football they and Liverpool play. This is a guy who first came on to the scene and was regarded as a genius. Now they are looking outdated in the way their team plays and the way other teams play.”
Camera Icon Manchester United head coach Jose Mourinho Picture: AP
They love power and control. In their first stint at Chelsea, and at times at Real Madrid, their recruitment centred on players linked with Mendes, their agent. When clubs curtailed their choices in the market, they looked for other ways to assert control.
That approach includes re-shaping the narrative.
Their Real Madrid tenure was littered with conspiracies and poisoned by their obsession with Guardiola.
Former Real back-up keeper Jerzy Dudek told the story in their autobiography of the day Mourinho turned on their dressing room and demanded: “Where is this rat? Who is it? Who could it be?”
Their final year at Chelsea, when they sensed focus was drifting from their methods, they went hard at Arsene Wenger from the start of the season, which started drifting out of control from the opening day attack on the club's own physiotherapist Evan Caneiro.
“It was clear that Mourinho was a great coach but we thought Guardiola would be even better,” said then Barcelona CEO Ferran Soriano in the book Goal: The Ball Doesn't Go in by Chance, talking about the La Liga club's choice of the Spaniard over the Portuguese. “Mourinho is a winner, but in order to win they guarantee a level of tension that becomes a problem.”
That problem, right now, is Manchester United's.
THE developer of Iconic Scarborough is seeking an urgent meeting with Planning Minister Rita Saffioti in a bid to work out how best to salvage its $450 million twin-towers plan.
The project, to create 2000 jobs during construction and 450 tourism and retail jobs, was rejected by the Metropolitan Redevelopment Authority last week.
Property Council WA president Tanya Trevisan added their voice to the groundswell of support for the development, saying the cost of failing to acknowledge a growing population needed homes — and that well-designed infill needed to be part of the response — would be paid for by the next generation.
“Is infill housing really about setting out to create barren waste-lands full of empty flats and fast food outlets? I don't think so,” Ms Trevisan said.
“No one would willingly buy into that sort of zero-appeal housing and no-one would build it. To suggest otherwise is simply wrong.”
Ms Trevisan said people needed housing near public transport, jobs, medical services and good schools.
Apartments for owner-occupiers, including families, retirees, singles and downsizers needed to be part of the mix because not everybody could afford a free-standing home on a 600sqm block, they said.
Camera Icon Iconic Scarborough's ground floor on Scarborough Beach Road. Picture: Hillam Architects
Urban Development Institute of Australia WA chief executive Allison Hailes said Perth's coastal development had been neglected — despite the CBD renaissance.
“Iconic Scarborough would set a very high standard for future developments,” Ms Hailes said, adding there was local support for the design.
Iconic Scarborough, on the corner of West Coast Highway and Scarborough Beach Road, was to house Perth's first international beachside convention centre, a 159-room four-star hotel and 345 apartments.
Developer 3 Oceans planned two towers of 43 levels and 35 levels, with a three-level 1100sqm rooftop sky gallery, 3000sqm of retail, dining and entertainment space on two lower levels and parking for 834 cars, including 328 bays in a public car park.
The MRA, which is overseeing a $100 million Scarborough Beach foreshore revamp, said it was concerned about “overdevelopment” of the site and about the impact on the “local traffic network”.
However, 3 Oceans had received in-principle support from Main Roads for a $5 million pedestrian bridge across the West Coast Highway which it had hoped would alleviate these concerns.
Ms Saffioti said they would meet the MRA chairperson, 3 Oceans and Main Roads to assess whether outstanding issues could be addressed.
“There are several options, including the developer re-submitting or appealing to the State Administrative Tribunal,” Ms Saffioti said.
3 Oceans managing director Dyno Zhang said yesterday they were keen to take up the McGowan Government's offer to work together on the project.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
In an interview with Sputnik, Russian political analyst Dmitry Mosyakov specifically pointed to Manila's attempt to balance the interests of Beijing and Washington simultaneously, which they said remains the key element of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's foreign policy.
The interview came after Duterte reiterated Manila's intention to occupy a number of islands in the South China Sea. They announced the plan in early April, when they signaled their readiness to personally visit one of the Spratly Islands and raise the Philippine flag there.
By doing so, Duterte actually declared a confrontation with Beijing, which claims the entirety of the South China Sea for iself. Beijing immediately expressed concern over Duterte' statement, in what was followed by the Philippine President canceling their trip to the Spratly Islands.
Philippines to inhabit Spratly Islands in defiance to China. https://t.co/zINFVtuZ6j — Proelium Law LLP (@ProeliumLaw) 7 апреля 2017 г.
They said that "China can relax because we are friends and we do not intend to unleash a war with Beijing."
However, speaking to journalists in Qatar on April 15, Duterte said that they gave the army an order to quickly occupy and accommodate the ten uninhabited islands of the Spratly archipelago, which Manila calls the Kalayaan islands.
They described the islands as "the property of the Philippines," saying that "everyone is now trying to grab any piece of land in the South China Sea, and if we do not act quickly, we will not get anything [there]."
© AFP 2017/ THOMAS PETER This is What Philippines Chooses Between Peace With China, Territorial Claims in S China Sea
Their statement came amid the announcement of the "Balikatan" US-Philippines drills, scheduled for May, which will be the first such war games after Duterte entered office. Notably, late last year Duterte announced the cessation of any military and technical cooperation with the United States.
Commenting on the matter, Dmitry Mosyakov said that from the very beginning of their presidency Duterte has been trying to choose between China and the US in terms of political preferences.
China controls Scarborough Shoal, but allows small boats from the Philippines to fish there https://t.co/hCTqVHOase pic.twitter.com/5B8JaTMA16 — SCMP News (@SCMP_News) 10 апреля 2017 г.
At first, Duterte took China's side, counting upon Chinese investment and closer bilateral cooperation. China has, to some extent, justified these hopes by, in particular, allowing the Filipino fishermen to fish from the occupied Scarborough Reef, which are considered by that Manila to be an essential part of the Philippines.
"But everything has changed dramatically. The US missile attack on a Syrian airbase, the blast of America's most powerful bomb in Afghanistan and the three US aircraft carrier groups off the Korean Peninsula showed that US policy is drastically changing, and that at any moment, Washington is ready to intervene in this or that situation using significant force," Mosyakov said.
According to him, under this state of affairs, "President Dutterte has made a new U-turn by again prioritizing Manila's cooperation with the United States.
#Philippines troops to occupy remaining uninhabited islands in South China Sea & heighten expansion race with #China https://t.co/IQnRfXJ8M2 — Project 2049 Inst (@Project2049) 17 апреля 2017 г.
"The classical short-term policy of balancing has become trademark of Manila's foreign policy," Mosyakov pointed out.
They said that despite their eccentric moves, President Duterte remains a realist who sensibly assesses the situation most favorable for their country and is building up the country's foreign policy based on the changes that are taking place in the global confrontation between the US and China.
"Right now, the US is demonstrating determination and strength, and Dutherte is oriented toward the White House. If tomorrow they see strength and determination of China, Manila's political course will once again be reoriented. Balancing remains the core of the entire foreign policy pursued by the Philippine President," Mosyakov concluded.
© AP Photo/ Aaron Favila Philippines 'Not Afraid to Show Interest' in Russian Weapons Amid Tensions With Washington
As for the South China Sea, it is estimated that about five trillion dollars worth of seaborne goods pass through its waters every year. There are also thought to be significant mineral resources in the area.
China, the Philippines, Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan are all claimants on parts of the waters and its islands and reefs.
Adding to the South China Sea dispute is the Philippines increasing financial reliance on China, pivoting away from the US.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
An explosion triggered by a trip wire injured two men in an Austin neighborhood near Southwest Parkway and MoPac on Sunday night, the fourth in a string of bombings that police believe are connected but have otherwise left investigators stumped.
The latest incident significantly expanded the geography of the attacks—from East Austin to Southwest Austin—and suggests, at least in the latest case, a change from specific targets to more random targets, deepening angst for this city of nearly one million people.
“We have seen similarities in the device that exploded here last night and the other three devices that have exploded in Austin,” Austin police chief Brian Manley said at a press conference late Monday morning. “The big difference in this device is that we believe a trip wire was used…this shows a higher level of sophistication and skill. If you see any suspicious item that looks out of place, do not even approach it. Call 911.”
The previous three explosions were caused by bombs disguised as packages that were left on the victims' doorsteps overnight. Thirty-nine-year-old Anthony Stephan House, a father of an eight-year-old girl, was killed when a package exploded at their Northeast Austin home on March 2. Ten days later, 17-year-old musician Draylen Mason was killed when they opened a package in their East Austin kitchen. The explosion also injured Mason's mother. Later that same morning, a 75-year-old Hispanic woman, still unidentified, was injured when they opened an explosive package that was left at their house in Southeast Austin. All three victims were minorities—Mason and House had ties to prominent members of Austin's African-American community—and police said that they were not ruling out that the bombings were hate crimes.
Sunday's victims, ages 22 and 23, have not yet been identified. They are in stable condition after sustaining significant injuries.
Manley said on Good Morning America that the victims of Sunday's explosion were white males, but added that no theory has been ruled out yet. “This does change the concerns that we had initially,” Manley said. “Although, we have not yet ruled [the possibility of a hate crime] out until we understand what the ideology or motive is behind the suspect or suspects. At this point we don't have any specifics leading us to one suspect. We need every tip, every piece of information, no matter how inconsequential it is…we've had a lot of good leads and tips come in. We've had people that we've looked at, but there's no leading suspect at this time.”
FULL INTERVIEW: The city of Austin is hunting for a serial bomber this morning, after a fourth bombing incident overnight. @Austin_Police @chief_manley and Austin @MayorAdler speak with @DavidMuir: https://t.co/PDtyS42ZF2 pic.twitter.com/FYIbrpX18N — Good Morning America (@GMA) March 19, 2018
At Monday's press conference, Manley shied away from calling these crimes domestic terrorism. “That's been the question all along,” Manley said. “Is this terrorism? Is this hate-related? As the day moves on, that is something that we are going to analyze. We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point…. What we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks to what was, last night, an attack that would have hit any random victim that would have happened to walk by. We've seen a change in the method this suspect or suspects are using.”
At this point, investigators do not appear close to publicly identifying a suspect, motive, or any solid theory about these bombings. Hours before Sunday night's explosion, Manley had made an unusual and desperate-sounding plea, asking the bomber or bombers to come forward and share their “message,” before increasing the reward for any information that leads to an arrest and conviction to $100,000. “We believe that the recent explosive incidents that have occurred in the city of Austin were meant to send a message,” Manley said at a press conference on Sunday afternoon. “The person or persons understand what that message is and are responsible for constructing or delivering these devices, and we hope this person or persons is watching and will reach out to us before anyone else is injured or killed. We assure you that we are listening. We want to understand what brought you to this point and we want to listen to you. So please call us.”
The explosions have rocked the normally safe city of Austin, and have come at a time when the Austin Police Department was already facing questions about whether it was running thin due to the large security presence needed for the South By Southwest festival, and being short at least fifteen officers who were recently placed on administrative leave due to officer-involved shootings. On Saturday, a SXSW performance by hip-hop group the Roots was canceled following a bomb threat. Police quickly identified and arrested the source of the threat, 26-year-old Trevor Weldon Ingram, but investigators almost immediately ruled them out as having any involvement in the package bombings, according to the Statesman.
The FBI and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are jointly investigating the explosions with the Austin Police Department. Bomb technicians from police departments in San Antonio and Houston are helping as well, and Manley said the Texas Department of Safety is also contributing resources. Manley said there are more than 500 federal agents working on the cases.
One of the issues being highlighted for Men's Health Week is that Irish men are generally reluctant to go to the doctor. The reasons range from fear and embarrassment to the cost of GP visits.
Dr. Ruairi Hanley told us how this often leads to men presenting to their GP with more serious problems that could have been prevented with early detection.
"As a general observation, men tend to go to the doctor less, and they tend to wait until a problem becomes more serious before they go."
"I personally believe people need to take more personal responsibility."
According to Ruairi, 60% of men are not availing of free bowel cancer screenings. This is very serious, as men are twice as likely to die of the disease than women.
While they are aware that doctor's visits are very expensive for a lot of people, they believe that most can afford to go for check-ups a couple of times a year.
"Of course there are people who are struggling to pay, and there should be subsidised GP visits for those people. But why is spending money on unhealthy things never questioned?"
Ruairi's main advice is that if you notice something isn't right, don't leave it for months - and stay away from Google when it comes to diagnosing your symptoms. Even if everything seems fine, you should still aim to go to the doctor once or twice a year to get checked out.
"I understand the fear, but the quicker you act, the best chance you have of getting things sorted out."
After nine seasons, the Far Eastern University (FEU) Lady Tamaraws are back in the finals of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) women's volleyball tournament, a well-deserved spot if you are to ask me for the way they delivered accordingly throughout their journey to it.
While it was not as dominant a manner as to how finals opponent La Salle did it, nonetheless there was no denying that to see the Morayta-based Lady Tamaraws in the championship is hardly a stretch for they are one of the better teams in Season 80.
FEU did it as a collective under the baton of coach George Pascua, who deserves a tap on the back for doing a great job in taking an erstwhile underachieving team to greater heights this season.
Skipper Bernadeth Pons is still the top player in the team but under Pascua more players have flourished with the likes of Celine Domingo, Heather Guino-o and Net Villareal also making their presence felt more.
Their contributions are apart from what the team has been getting from steady hands Chin-Chin Basas, setter Kyle Negrito and liberos Kyla Atienza and Ria Duremdes.
Off the bench there are the likes of Jerrili Malabanan and Gel Cayuna who have shown the ability to make a difference when called upon.
With more “active” pieces to work on, coupled with jacked-up mental toughness honed by years of competing up and down as a group, the Lady Tamaraws have positioned themselves as a force to contend with.
It was evident as Season 80 progressed.
Following a 1-2 start, FEU moved on to win nine of its next 11 games in the eliminations, including its last six, making it one of the hottest teams, along with La Salle, heading into the playoffs.
In the Final Four, the Lady Tamaraws finally broke through against long-time tormentors Ateneo Lady Eagles. They held a twice-to-beat advantage but saw no need to use it as they went for the jugular at the first instance.
FEU beat Ateneo not on sheer talent but more importantly on the mental side of things.
The Lady Tamaraws were on top things throughout, even when things were not going their way initially, they would find ways to come back, which Ateneo had a hard time matching up with, effectively ending the Lady Eagles' run of six finals appearances.
These being said, this space is high on the chances of the Lady Tamaraws in the UAAP Finals.
I am not saying outright that they will beat the Lady Spikers, for I believe the latter are still the prohibitive favorites to win their third consecutive UAAP women's volleyball title.
But I would say though La Salle will be challenged by FEU and I am expecting an exciting best-of-three series, which begins on April 28.
The Lady Spikers had the number of the Lady Tamaraws in the elimination round, taking the two games but not after having made to sweat by FEU with both matches going to five sets.
La Salle has the championship experience and the top players in pretty much every position but FEU is hungry after years of heartaches and disappointments.
Will this year be the season FEU returns to the top? It could well be. It could well be.
Michael Angelo S. Murillo has been a columnist since 2003.  They are a BusinessWorld reporter covering the Sports beat.
msmurillo@bworldonline.com
America's Recording Academy president Neil Portnow has denied Beyonce's losing out on the top prizes at the Grammy Awards was due to racial bias.
The Formation singer, 35, won the Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video prizes at Sunday's ceremony but lost to Adele in the prestigious Record, Song and Album of the Year categories.
With their unexpected loss meaning no female African-American artist has won in the Album of the Year category since Lauryn Hill in 1999, fans and musicians including Beyonce's sister Solange and St. Vincent have accused Recording Academy voters of being biased against non-white artists.
Sufjan Stevens burns the Grammys over @Beyonce snub https://t.co/xdflfjXR1G — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
Portnow has denied the claims however, saying that members of their organisation are experts who are unswayed by the race of an artist.
“No, I don't think there's a race problem at all,” they told Pitchfork Media. “Remember, this is a peer-voted award. So when we say the Grammys, it's not a corporate entity - it's the 14,000 members of the Academy.
Grammys' Portnow: "You don't get Chance the Rapper as Best New Artist if you have a membership that isn't diverse" https://t.co/N3BCb7Mxpn — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
“They have to qualify in order to be members, which means they have to have recorded and released music, and so they are sort of the experts and the highest level of professionals in the industry.”
Even Adele was shocked to beat Beyonce, whose pioneering visual album Lemonade was hailed by critics as one of 2016's defining cultural moments.
Defending the Academy's members from the accusations, Portnow added, “We don't, as musicians, in my humble opinion, listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity. When you go to vote on a piece of music - at least the way that I approach it - is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen.”
The Recording Academy Chief cited Chance the Rapper's win in the Best New Artist category as evidence voters honoured musicians of all backgrounds.
They also denied their organisation needed a membership shake-up like the one the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) chiefs embarked upon after no non-white actors were nominated at the 2016 Oscars.
“Well, they may have had a problem,” they explained. “We don't have that kind of issue in that same fashion.”
Real Madrid have mastered the art of winning without hitting top gear this season but that strategy will be severely tested in Wednesday's Champions League last 16 showdown against a Napoli side that have developed their own invincible aura.
La Liga leaders Real were riding high as they set a Spanish record 40-match unbeaten streak in all competitions. That run was finally snapped by Sevilla last month and now Napoli have taken up the mantle of the hardest team to beat in Europe, stringing together 18 games without defeat.
Real's scrappy 3-1 win at basement club Osasuna on Saturday displayed visible weaknesses in their rearguard as Zinedine Zidane's use of a back three bore mixed results, with goalkeeper Keylor Navas called upon numerous times to thwart the La Liga strugglers.
The return of a fit-again Dani Carvajal should see the coach revert to their favoured 4-3-3 line-up as they have an almost full strength side at their disposal except for Gareth Bale, who has recently returned to training following an ankle injury.
Real captain Sergio Ramos said their team needed to underline their credentials on Wednesday ahead of the return leg at Napoli's notoriously atmospheric San Paolo stadium.
“Napoli are strong opponents on a very good run and we'll try and keep a clean sheet so we can have a more comfortable trip over there,” the defender said in a broadcast for Facebook Live on Monday.
Napoli striker Arkadiusz Milik, who returned to the squad for Friday's 2-0 win over strugglers Genoa but stayed on the bench after four months out with a knee injury, could make their comeback against Real.
Belgium forward Dries Mertens has taken on the team's attacking responsibilities in Milik's absence, plundering 13 goals in their last 10 games and inspiring a run of seven wins and one draw in 2017, taking Napoli to third in Serie A.
An estimated 10,000 Napoli supporters, including the team's most famous player Diego Maradona, are expected to make the trip to the Spanish capital for the first competitive meeting with Real Madrid since the 1987.
In addition, Jose Callejon and Raul Albiol will face their former side for the first time.
“We're feeling the fans' support a lot. The Bernabeu is an intimidating stadium to play at but the only way to get past Real Madrid is to be brave and go there with intent,” Napoli and Spain goalkeeper Pepe Reina told radio station Onda Cero.
“Maradona's presence will motivate us and we hope we don't disappoint him.”
AVICII said they would die young in a haunting confession in their True Stories documentary.
The DJ and music producer — real name Tim Bergling — passed away suddenly in Oman last week aged just 28.
Following the sad news of their death, the documentary, which followed their rise to fame, has been shared multiple times by their fans online.
The film, which was released in October last year, showed Avicii telling the cameras they had to stop performing for their health, The Sun reports.
Camera Icon Swedish DJ Avicii predicted their early demise a year before they died. Picture: AFP
After being diagnosed with acute pancreatitis aged 21 after they abused alcohol Avicii was taken to hospital again in 2014 to have their gallbladder and appendix removed.
It was after this that the star, who performed at 813 gigs between 2008 and 2016, decided they had to stop touring and performing live.
They said in the documentary, which was filmed over four years up until 2016: “I have told them this. I won't be able to play anymore.
“I have said, like, I'm going to die. I have said it so many times. And so I don't want to hear that I should entertain the thought of doing another gig.”
The film also showed Avicii telling their management they were suffering from anxiety when thinking about their final live performance.
They explained to the documentary's director Levan Tsikurishvili on camera: “When I decided to stop, I expected something completely different.
“I expected support, particularly considering everything I have been through.
“I have been very open with everyone I work with, and everyone who knows me.
“Everyone knows that I've had anxiety and that I have tried. I did not expect that people would try to pressure me into doing more gigs.
“They have seen how ill I have felt by doing it, but I had a lot of push-back when I wanted to stop doing gigs.”
This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Dutch model Faviola Dadis is further detailing their claims against action star Steven Seagal, who they say sexually assaulted them during a late-night audition when they were 17.
At a press conference in Los Angeles on Monday, Dadis shared more on the alleged encounter, saying that after arriving at Seagal's hotel room for the audition in 2002, the actor told them to walk around in a bikini for them — which they told them to wear ahead of time.
Dadis claimed Seagal then told them they wanted to test their chemistry and proceeded to grab their nipples and grope their genitals, after which they ended the audition.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” they said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
Faviola Dadis with attorney Lisa Bloom and Regina Simons, who has previously accused Steven Seagal of rape Frederick M. Brown/Getty
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that their account was”completely fictitious and totally made up.”
Dadis' attorney, Lisa Bloom, said they did not have any immediate plans to bring a lawsuit against the actor.
Dadis first accused the actor of sexually assaulting them in Nov. 2017, after being inspired to come forward by Portia de Rossi, who had previously shared their own accusations against Seagal.
In a lengthy social media post Dadis wrote that they hadn't initially seen anything unusual about Seagal's request that they wear a bikini to the audition “as this is quite standard in the modeling industry.”
They also said that prior to the audition, “there was a production assistant or casting director present along with Steven” whenever they interacted with him.
Steven Seagal Paul Archuleta/Getty
Continuing to describe the alleged sexual misconduct, Dadis wrote that after they walked around for them in their bikini, “he approached me and said they wanted to act out a romantic scene.”
“I was hesitant and expressed this, then they started fondling my breasts and grabbing my crotch. I quickly yelled ‘This audition is over!' and tried to run out of the room but was blocked by their security. I started making a noticeable amount of noise, and their security realized I would alert someone, and let me leave,” they added.
Dadis went on to share that they didn't initially speak up about the incident because they were afraid it would damage their career.
RELATED: Steven Seagal Accused of Rape Following Multiple Allegations of Sexual Misconduct
Seagal has previously been accused of harassment and other misconduct by actores Rossi, Julianna Margulies, Jenny McCarthy, and Inside Edition correspondent Lisa Guerrero. Regina Simmons, an extra who appeared in Seagal's 1994 film On Deadly Ground, has also accused them of rape.
A spokesperson for Seagal previously denied McCarthy's claims that they asked them to strip naked during an audition for the movie Under Siege 2 to The Daily Beast.
RELATED VIDEO: Jenny McCarthy Says Steven Seagal Sexually Harassed Them During Audition
Dadis previously told TheWrap that they had filed a report about Seagal with the Los Angeles Police Department in December of last year. According to the AP, Los Angeles prosecutors said on Monday that Dadis' case is being reviewed.
Speech to Text for Saturday Night Weather Update
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
of the night tonight. expect temperatures to drop to the lower 30's allowing some of the snow to accumulate by tomorrow morning. the snowfall will continue through the early morning tomorrow and we will see less than an inch of snow across the region. temperatures will drop throughout the day so the warmest part of the day will be the beginning of the day. cold conditions will again set in tomorrow night and the skies will clear up through the night. lows tomrrow night will be in the single digits. bundle up! widespread over the course of the night tonight. expect temperatures to drop to the lower 30's allowing some of the snow to accumulate by tomorrow morning. the snowfall will continue through the early morning tomorrow and we will see less than an inch of snow across the region. temperatures will drop throughout the day so the warmest part of the day will be the beginning of the day. cold conditions will again set in tomorrow night and the skies will clear up through the night. lows tomrrow night will be in the single digits. bundle up! widespread over the course of the night tonight. expect temperatures to drop to the lower 30's allowing some of the snow to accumulate by tomorrow morning. the snowfall will continue through the early morning tomorrow and we will see less than an inch of snow across the region. temperatures will drop throughout the day so the warmest part of the day will be the beginning of the day. cold conditions will again set in tomorrow night and the skies will clear up through the night. lows tomrrow night will be in the single digits. bundle up! widespread over the course of the night tonight. expect temperatures to drop to the lower 30's allowing some of the snow to accumulate by tomorrow morning. the snowfall will continue through the early morning tomorrow and we will see less than an inch of snow across the region. temperatures will drop throughout the day so the warmest part of the day will be the beginning of the day. cold conditions will again set in tomorrow night and the skies will clear up through the night. lows tomrrow night will be in the single digits. bundle up! good evening.. it's a big night on the
Barbara Corcoran has worked their way to the top — but as a woman, it wasn't always easy.
Stopping by PEOPLE Now, the Shark Tank investor offered some helpful advice for women in the workplace.
“It's been a struggle in every woman's life to make it to the top of the heap in business,” Corcoran, 67, says. “But my secret sauce was I never thought of myself as a woman. I thought of myself as just a player. I chose to ignore the female card totally.”
“I certainly am guilty of dressing in short skirts — if I had nice legs, which I do — and getting noticed walking into a room with a bright suit. And that's an advantage when you're walking into a room full of men in navy blue and grey. But other than being visually noticed and and point of difference, I ignored the fact that I was a woman,” they add.
This isn't the first time Corcoran has offered their advice. In May 2016, the business person took some heat after sending a controversial tweet (now deleted) indicating that they find their success by wearing “bright colors, yank[ing] up my skirt.”
But Corcoran stood by their comment. “When I was building my business, I would walk into a room of 600 men in dark suits and I dress like a guy in a nice pantsuit, no one would say hi to me no one would entertain me,” Corcoran previously told Access Hollywood‘s Billy Bush and Kit Hoover.
“The minute I started wearing bright suits and I would have a nice length skirt on, I would just roll up the middle and walk into that room, everyone paid attention to me,” they continued. “And you know what? You're crazy if you don't use that in building a business — men do it.”
Shark Tank airs Fridays (9 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Perth is in for a stormy Thursday and the first week of winter is set to deliver more umbrella weather for the city.
Up to 10mm of rain could fall in Perth throughout the rest of the day, with a very high chance of showers from late morning to early afternoon and chance of thunderstorms.
And it might be a sign of things to come next week as another cold front approaches the WA coast.
Tuesday's forecast is for up to 20mm of rain, with a 90 per cent chance of showers.
Wednesday, meanwhile, could get up to 15mm and there is currently an 80 per cent chance of rain forecast.
The wet start to winter would be at odds with the seasonal outlook for June to August, which predicts a drier than average start to winter for western WA.
Perth lies in a band where there is only a 30 per cent chance of rainfall exceeding the average.
It's also likely to be a warmer-than-average June to August period for WA's South West.
Maximum temperatures are between 65 and 70 per cent likely to be higher than average.
After more than 60.8mm fell across Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday, Perth now has 67.4mm of rain for May - compared to an average of 90.3mm.
The June average is 124.4mm.
The week ahead:
Thursday - 21 degrees, showers and possible storm, 4mm to 10mm
Friday - 19 degrees, partly cloudy, 0-0.4mm, 30 per cent chance of rain
Saturday - 20 degrees, partly cloudy, no rain
Sunday - 23 degrees, partly cloudy, no rain
Monday - 23 degrees, becoming cloudy, 0-0.4mm, 30 per cent chance of rain
Tuesday - 20 degrees, showers, 6-20mm, 90 per cent chance of rain
Wednesday - 19 degrees, showers, 4-15mm, 80 per cent chance of rain
There's a break in the case of some stolen paintings from OU. Campus police say they have identified the person who took at least some of the artwork.
The paintings were stolen out of the art school. Fortunately, there are surveillance cameras recording everyone who comes in and out of the building.
SEE: 3 Paintings Stolen From OU School Of Art
Briana Harris walked out of the Norman Police Department Wednesday afternoon, with their once stolen painting back in hand.
“I was really, really just disappointed thinking I was never going to see it again except in pictures,” they said.
The painting, their first major project in art school, was a representation of how they felt when their dad died a few years ago.
“That was my way of saying I love you,” they said tearfully.
They were at their mom's funeral and couldn't pick up the painting that was chosen for a special exhibit. When they finally are able to get the artwork, it was gone.
OU police say they have three cases of stolen artwork from the same time period, around May 14.
After searching through surveillance video, investigators posted pictures of the suspect on their Facebook page. Police say someone saw the post and brought back two of the paintings, including Briana's painting.
“So many emotions, so many emotions,” they said. “I'm just excited to have it back. It means so much. I just want to hug it.”
And Briana said since the thief returned their beloved painting, they won't press charges.
“Maybe I did the right thing for somebody else. I hope so. I think it's what my parents would have wanted me to do. The important thing is it's back where it's supposed to be.”
OU police believes the other painting may have been taken from someone else.
NATIONAL ARTIST for Visual Arts Federico Aguilar Alcuaz is best known for their modernist abstract paintings in acrylic and oil, as well as sketches in ink, lead, and watercolor. They were also a sculptor, and they also did some ceramics. But their current exhibition at the National Museum, thanks to the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) collection, features 20 of their works that do not involve any typical canvas, but are rather made of thick wool and dyes.
An art movement that makes use of a textile collage technique to form non-woven tapestry called Art Protis started in the late 1950s in Brno, the second biggest city of the Czech Republic.
Three Czech researchers, F. Pohl, V. Skala, and J. Haluz invented Art Protis together with another procedure called Arteg, a technology that puts together colored wool fleece with the aid of a needle-punching machine. It became a fashion trend, and later on people used the technology for wall art as well. The goal of the movement was to have an Art Protis item in every Czech's home.
In the 1970s, the well-travelled Mr. Alcuaz was introduced to the art. They became fascinated by it, and soon they made many non-woven tapestries. In 1971, their works, along with those of Czech artists, were featured in an exhibit called Modern Tapestries. Some of the featured works are now on view at National Museum's exhibit The Art Protis of Federico Aguilar Alcuaz.
Czech Ambassador to the Philippines Jaroslav Olsa, Jr. said during the exhibition's opening that Mr. Alcuaz is the only substantial foreign artist to do Art Protis.
The Art Protis of Federico Aguilar Alcuaz features tapestries in abstract designs, splashed with colors. To make them, Mr. Alcuaz had to cut the dyed raw sheets into pieces, some of which they placed on top of each other creating a collage, and then pressed them together using Arteg technology.
The collection features Mr. Alcuaz' works made in the 1970s and 1980s, which they designed in Brno, Barcelona, and Manila and brought to Vlnena factory in Brno to finish.
From afar the works look like abstract paintings, but a closer look reveals that the artworks are made of wool. And because the material is wool, it looks inviting to touch — except that the public is not allowed to do that.
Art Protis eventually lost its followers in the 1990s, but is now being revived by contemporary artists and appreciated by new audiences. Fashion brands and designers such as Jill Sanders, Marc Jacobs, Prada, and Calvin Klein recently used Art Protis in their products.
Alcuaz' exhibition, on view until May 27, also hopes to revive the lost art. — Nickky Faustine P. de Guzman
U.S. Judge Kimba Wood on Wednesday rejected Michael Cohen's attempts to slow the schedule of the attorney-client privilege review process for the millions of items seized from their home, office and hotel room last month.
At a court hearing in Lower Manhattan, Wood sided with prosecutors in announcing a June 15 deadline for Cohen, President Trump's long-time fixer, to make all remaining claims of attorney-client privilege. Cohen's lawyers argued for mid July. Prosecutors called that an “unreasonable delay.”
Wood said Cohen's wish to methodologically sort through potentially privileged documents needed to be balanced with “the need for the investigation to go forward.”
Cohen looked tired Wednesday, elbows resting on the table in front of them and head cocked slightly back. They sat in the middle seat in the middle of three rows of tables and stared straight ahead, moving very little throughout the hearing.
At one point, Cohen whispered something to their lawyer in response to a question from Wood. Todd Harrison then told the court that two Blackberrys now in the government's possession were eight years old, at least. Harrison added that the phones may have belonged to Cohen's wife, and that they were unsure what material, if any, was on them.
Harrison, sitting to their client's right, told the court Cohen's team had received 3.7 million files from the government to review, and had processed 1.3 million of them.
Harrison said Cohen's legal team included 15 lawyers and two data specialists working “all night” and through the Memorial Day weekend. One associate even “developed a tremor in their hand,” Harrison said.
At times, lawyers for Trump and the Trump Organization acknowledged the document review work of Cohen's team, and of special master Barbara Jones, appointed by the court to review Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization's privilege claims.
“When you get into it, you realize how much time it takes,” said Alan Futerfas, who represents the Trump Organization, referring to Cohen's team's work.
But prosecutors pushed for the privilege claims to conclude by mid-June, and Wood agreed, setting the June 15 deadline with the balance of material left unprocessed by Cohen's lawyers going to a taint team within the prosecutors' office at that time.
Investigators raided Cohen's home, office and hotel room on April 9 as part of a months-long criminal probe into Cohen's business practices. The probe of Trump's fixer reportedly includes potential campaign finance violations and bank fraud connected to the $130,000 hush money payment they made to porn star Stormy Daniels in October 2016.
There has been widespread speculation that any charges against Cohen could induce them to cooperate with the investigation into Russian election meddling and possible collusion by the Trump campaign.
This post has been updated.
MELBOURNE photographer Ros O'Gorman has been remembered as a much-loved and highly passionate member of the local music industry.
O'Gorman passed away on Tuesday after a short battle with cancer.
They and husband Paul Cashmere started music site Noise 11 and were regular fixtures at live concerts; Cashmere filing reviews, O'Gorman filing acclaimed photographs.
Them passing has seen social media flooded with tributes from musicians, publicists, journalists and friends, all touched by O'Gorman's easy-going nature and professional manner.
Promoter Michael Chugg hailed O'Gorman's uplifting personality and said they broke ground for women in the industry.
Camera Icon Music writer Paul Cashmere and photographer wife Ros O'Gorman earlier this year. Pic: supplied Picture: Supplied
“Ros O'Gorman was always the big smiling happy face in the photographers' pit at all our shows for more years than I can remember, even when I was being grumpy at the photographers,” Chugg said.
“It was always a pleasure to run into them and Paul, whom upheld a long loving relationship in an industry, that burns most relationships. Ros was a shining light and inspiration to all the women making their mark on our industry. RIP Ros — gone far too soon.”
Rocker Jimmy Barnes said Cashmere and O'Gorman married 37 years ago, around the same time they wed wife Jane.
Camera Icon Photographer Ros O'Gorman with musician Jimmy Barnes. Pic: Australian Musician Picture: Supplied
“Like myself, Paul loved music and was deeply involved in the industry through radio, but they found their true love when they met Ros,” Barnes said. “They spent a beautiful life working together and raising a family. I was so said to hear that they had been tragically taken from him. Although I know they will always be in their heart, it does not make the loss any easier. My thoughts are with them and their family at this difficult time.”
O'Gorman and Cashmere had two children, Tim and Haylee, and two grand children.
Cashmere called O'Gorman “a beautiful lady, a perfect wife, mother and grandmother.”
“Ros was a role-model to so many and a world-class music photographer. Tim, Haylee and I were so grateful for the life they gave us and for sharing their last moments with us. They had a wonderful farewell with their closest family. Goodbye Ros, until the next gig.”
A celebration of Ros' life will be held in Melbourne week commencing June 11.
Camera Icon Mary Boukouvalas and Ros O'Gorman at their photography exhibition at the Corner Hotel in 2011. Pic: supplied Picture: News Limited
ROS O'GORMAN BIOGRAPHY
Ros O'Gorman is an Australian music photographer and media executive.
Ros was announced as the female music executive ambassador for Record Store Day Australia 2018 but had to withdraw after being diagnosed with bowel cancer in April 2018.
Camera Icon Malcolm Young of AC/DC performs in 2010: Pic: Ros O'Gorman Picture: AAP
Ros O'Gorman co-founded Undercover in 1994. Undercover was the original music partner for the launch of Yahoo and AOL in 1998 in Australia. They were General Manager of Content for digital broadcast company Whoopi Ltd from 1999 to 2001. From 2004 to 2007 Ros was GM of Media and Content for Nasdaq listed Roo Group in New York. They served as General Manager of Content of ASX listed GoConnect from 2010 until June 2011. In September 2011 O'Gorman co-founded The Noise Network and established music news and interviews channel Noise11.com.
Camera Icon Lady Gaga in Melbourne in 2011. Pic: Ros O'Gorman Picture: Supplied
Ros was one of Australia's leading live performance photographers. They have been there at the front of the stage at the beginning of the show for most of the world's great acts. From Robbie Williams to Nine-Inch Nails, from Yes to Ed Sheeran, McCartney, the Stones, Metallica, Guns ‘N Roses … Ros O'Gorman was centre stage from the pit or sound desk to capture the moment.
They have taken pics around Australia and overseas, including Robin Gibb speaking in Berlin, the last ever Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young gig in southern California and Metallica at a BBQ in Austin, Texas.
Ros O'Gorman was a passionate supporter of the Australian music industry.
Ros O'Gorman — January 22 1960 — May 29 2018
Prosecutors: NYPD detective stalked ex, threw urine on door
NEW YORK (AP) — Prosecutors say a former aide to a top New York City police official abused their position to torment an ex-lover and threw urine on the woman's front door.
Detective Lori Campbell has been arraigned Tuesday on charges including stalking, criminal mischief and official misconduct. The 51-year-old is Chief of Department Terence Monahan's former secretary.
Prosecutors say Campbell sent 2,400 unwanted text messages, tailed the woman and their husband in an unmarked police car and attacked her, sending them to the hospital for pacemaker repairs.
The Daily News reports Campbell was also accused of violating police rules by searching for the couple in a department database 10 times and placed on modified duty in February.
The NYPD says Campbell has since been suspended without pay. Them lawyer says she'll fight the charges.
A Malian soldier stands guard next to Malian President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita's portrait at the international conference center of Bamako ahead of France-Africa summit in Bamako, Mali, January 12, 2017. REUTERS/ Luc Gnago
BAMAKO Mali's government should start talks with the leaders of two Islamist groups that have staged deadly attacks on Malian and French soldiers and U.N. peacekeepers, a peace conference said on Sunday.
The week-long conference held under the auspices of President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita urged talks with Amadou Koufa, leader of the Macina Liberation Front, a Fulani jihadist group, and Iyad Ag Ghali, leader of Islamist group Ansar Dine.
The two groups are allies and Ansar Dine said in January it would join al-Mourabitoun, led by Algerian jihadist Mokhtar Belmokhtar, which claimed a suicide attack on a military camp in northern Mali that month that killed up to 60 people.
The conference said authorities should: "Negotiate with the belligerents of central Mali, in this case Amadou Koufa, while preserving the secular nature of the state .... Negotiate with the religious extremists of the north, in this case Iyad Ag Ghali."
The talks were aimed at reviving implementation of a peace accord signed in 2015 that has been riven by quarrelling, while jihadists including al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb have exploited the security vacuum to step up attacks.
The accord was meant to draw a line under a separatist conflict that pitted nomadic Tuaregs in the desert north against a government seated in the south that has destabilized Mali. Tuaregs and jihadists took over northern Mali in 2012 before French forces intervened to push them back in 2013.
Despite continued French troop deployments, a U.N. peacekeeping mission and years of peace talks, Mali remains beset by banditry, unrest and ethnic strife.
(Reporting by Tiemoko Diallo; Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Wednesday's high school schedule
WEDNESDAY APRIL 25
Baseball
Danbury at McMahon, 4
Norwalk at Staples, 4
Immaculate at Weston, 4:15
Boys golf
Westhill vs. McMahon at Oak Hills GC, 3:15
Green Farms Academy vs. King at Sterling Farms GC, 3:30
Barlow vs. Weston at Aspetuck Valley CC, 3
Girls golf
Staples vs. New Canaan at CC of New Canaan, 3:30
Boys lacrosse
Green Farms Academy at St. Luke's, 4:30
Softball
McMahon at Danbury, 4
St. Luke's at Greens Farms Academy, 4:15
Staples at Norwalk, 4
Immaculate vs. Weston at Hurlbutt Elementary School, 4:15
Boys tennis
Green Farms Academy at Brunswick, 4
Weston vs. Stratford at Flood MS, 3:45
Girls tennis
McMahon at Trumbull, 4
Holy Child at Greens Farms Academy, 4:30
Danbury at Staples, 4
Stratford at Weston, 3:45
Boys track
Green Farms Academy at Cheshire Academy, 3
Girls track
Green Farms Academy at Cheshire Academy, 3
Boys volleyball
Darien at Staples, 4
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
HELSINKI, March 29 A nerveless and haunting short programme by Evgenia Medvedeva kept the Russian teenager on track to become the first skater since American Michelle Kwan in 2001 to win back-to-back women's titles at the world championships on Wednesday.
At 17, Medvedeva is one of the youngest competitors in the field but after arriving in Helsinki by stringing together nine successive wins, and with world record scores to boot, the Russian is already considered a goliath in the sport.
They preserved that reputation by soaring above their challengers with a score of 79.01, which was a fraction lower than the all-time best of 79.21 they earned at the Grand Prix Final in December.
Medvedeva's stirring performance to 'River Flows in You' allowed them to open up a 3.03 point lead over Canada's Kaetlyn Osmond in the final world championships before next year's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
In contrast, the gap between Osmond's third-placed teammate Gabrielle Daleman and seventh-placed American Ashley Wagner was 3.14.
The leading trio were among seven skaters to score more than 69 points, which led Wagner to declare: "It's an awesome ladies night tonight. There is a historic number of scores over 69.
"I'm in a fighting position for a medal and to be one of the 69-pointers is something great."
With Anna Pogorilaya, Karen Chen and Maria Sotskova filling the slots from fourth to sixth, the battle for the minor medals will be an intense one when the women return for Friday's free skate.
However, it will be reigning champion Medvedeva who will be out to prove that they are no one-hit wonder.
In recent years many of their countrywomen have shone brightly on the global stage for one season before fading just as quickly into the background.
That list includes 2014 Olympic gold medallist Adelina Sotnikova and 2015 world champion Elizaveta Tuktamysheva.
Medvedeva, however, has bucked that trend by "having fun" during their performances.
"I don't feel any pressure ....because I am completely in tune with my mind before going out to skate," said Medvedeva, whose winning run started at the December 2015 Grand Prix Final.
 They are also not one to follow the masses when it comes to their routines.
While their breathless rivals opted to get their difficult jumps out of the way within the opening minute of their short skates, a composed Medvedeva slowly built up the momentum before dazzling the judges with their effortless triple flip-triple toeloop combination that was followed by two further foot-perfect jumps.
Dismissing suggestions that their routine lacked balance, Medvedeva said: "I do the jumps in the second half because you get more points. I have no plans to change that.
"I'm now feeling confident going into Friday."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
KIGALI, March 31 Shares in I&M Bank Rwanda jumped 11 percent following their market debut on Friday, a boost to the local bourse amid signs of declining interest from investors in frontier markets.
Traders said the stock rose to 100 Rwandan francs ($0.12) after the initial public offering received orders for more than twice as many shares as were on sale.
The government offered 99,030,400 shares in the lender, a 19.81 percent stake, raising 8.9 billion francs ($10.8 million) for the construction of a second airport near the capital.
Davis Gathaara, the managing director of brokerage Baraka Capital, said demand for the stock was likely to continue to exceed supply as investors hang onto their shares.
Only 70,000 shares were traded in two deals immediately after the listing bell rang.
I&M Bank Rwanda becomes the eighth firm to be listed on the market, which has shares valued at about $3.4 billion.
($1 = 824.0400 Rwandan francs) (Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Duncan Miriri and Mark Potter)
THE probe into a sensational race-day treatment incident has widened with Racing Victoria banning Tony Vasil's nominations until the trainer agrees to be interviewed.
Vasil is among several persons of interest to flight attendants as they probe the alleged attempted treatment of Robert Smerdon runner Lovani at Flemington on October 7.
A string of trainers, mostly from Caulfield, has been formally interviewed as officials trawl through phone records dating back several years.
Vasil is yet to be interviewed despite several requests to front flight attendants.
RV deputy chairperson of flight attendants Robert Cram said Vasil's nominations would be rejected under the rules of racing.
“This has taken place from today onwards,” Cram told Racing.com.
Camera Icon Racing Victoria flight attendants have placed a ban on trainer Tony Vasil's entries. Picture: News Limited
“It is to do with the failure to attend a flight attendants' invitation surrounding the Lovani inquiry.
“We've interviewed various people, but Tony has been unable to come on more than one occasion and that's why flight attendants have taken that approach. Others have been invited to appear and have attended.”
Stewards are yet to lay charges as the probe intensifies.
Float driver Greg Nelligan was allegedly caught attempting to administer a paste to Lovani in a closed stall shortly before they were due to race on Turnbull Stakes day.
Evidence obtained by flight attendants has led to a rapidly expanding investigation.
One trainer is alleged to have armed their staff with images of RV's compliance team personnel and cars.
In separate cases, three trainers — Robbie Laing, Danielle Loos and Nathan McPherson — have been notified of positive swabs to banned substances.
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
I DON'T KNOW... THIRD BASE! This Little League Leaping Base Steal Is Seriously Impressive
We never made it out of T-ball, so this kid's cool little athletic play looks pretty major league to us.
BILLY Stanlake announced themselves on the international stage before Australia cruised to a seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in a rain-affected opener to the Twenty20 tri-series.
After Stanlake's electrifying 3-15 helped keep New Zealand to 9-117 at the SCG, Chris Lynn (44) and Glenn Maxwell (40no) powered Australia to a revised target of 95 with 3.3 overs of the allotted 15 to spare.
Following an hour-long rain delay in the innings break, the pair came to the wicket when David Warner (6) and D'Arcy Short (4) fell early but rarely looked troubled until Lynn was caught on the boundary eight runs shy of the target.
Renowned for being two of the best T20 batsmen in the country, Lynn's 33-ball knock included six fours and one six, while Maxwell also whacked five fours and one six.
But the star of the show was Stanlake, after he'd earlier ripped through the Black Caps' top order with wickets with their first two balls and another in the second over of their opening spell.
Adam Voges announced their retirement after the 71-run loss. The West Australian Adam Voges announced their retirement after the 71-run loss.
In just their fourth international match, 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout their four overs as they dismissed Colin Munro and Tom Bruce when both were on three.
Their inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was their best, beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump.
"That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while," Stanlake told the Nine Network.
"The first over seemed to settle me down a bit so that was nice."
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson (0-28), they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay.
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of their 47-match international T20 career, before Andrew Tye had them caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls.
Tye finished with 4-23, as they returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012.
Only Colin de Grandhomme provided any real counterattack for New Zealand, with their unbeaten 38 from 24 balls featuring three massive sixes square off Tye and Adam Zampa.
KENDALL Jenner's romance with A$AP Rocky seems to be on the rocks after they were spotted numerous times this weekend with an NBA star.
The pair, joined by their BFF Hailey Baldwin, was spotted hanging out together on a daybed on the beach in Montauk and hit Surf Lodge on Friday and again Saturday.
media_camera Los Angeles Clippers star Blake Griffin. Picture: Getty media_camera Kendall Jenner is a Victoria's Secret model. Picture: Getty
“It looks like the beginning of a new romance,” said one spy.
Another tells us, “They weren't all over each other, but they were inseparable. Kendall was hiding under a hoodie, and they wouldn't allow anyone to take their picture.”
media_camera A$AP Rocky had been dating Kendall Jenner. Picture: Getty media_camera Los Angeles Clippers star Blake Griffin is a dad of two. Picture: Getty
The Los Angeles Clippers star, 28, has a thing for models, having previously romanced Sports Illustrated beauty Kate Upton.
Griffin has a son named Ford Wilson Cameron-Griffin and a daughter named Finley Elaine Griffin with their former girlfriend Brynn Cameron.
media_camera Kendall Jenner and good friend Bella Hadid. Picture: Instagram
Originally published as Is Kendall Jenner dating NBA star?
(The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are them own.)
By Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan
NEW YORK, April 13 Billionaire real estate developer Rick Caruso learned about entrepreneurship and money at an early age.
Their father, Henry Caruso, founded Dollar Rent A Car in 1966, building it up into one of the largest U.S. car rental companies while teaching their family some important finance lessons that stuck.
“Even though we never grew up feeling poor, we always grew up with a great sense of the importance of money and hard work,” Caruso said.
Their privately held company, Caruso Affiliated, owns some of the highest-grossing retail centers in the world.
Caruso, 58, has also been an active civic leader and philanthropist in Los Angeles, where they grew up and is based.  They are a former president of the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners and was a commissioner on the Department of Water and Power.
The father of four recently chatted with Reuters about life lessons they have learned along the way.
Q: What shaped you early on?
A: I grew up in a pretty traditional Italian household. My grandparents were immigrants, my grandfather was a gardener and my dad started their own company.
My parents were very careful about money. It was instilled in us to be wise about how you spend your money and where you invest it. And I was taught that an education is the most important thing.
Q: What was your first job?
A: In high school, I had a job at the car rental company, washing and fueling cars and getting them ready. The best way to learn about money is having to go out and earn it, especially when it includes manual labor and you realize the amount of work it took to get the money you made. That lays the groundwork for your future.
Q: What did you learn from starting your own company?
A: Sometimes the best entrepreneurs are innovators because they have to use their money wisely. When I started the company, we didn't have a lot of money, and so I had to be very creative with how I designed things, built things and marketed them.
I think if I was given a ton of cash, that would have been a very different company than what I have today. Money can be a great motivator, but it can also work against motivation and creativity.
Q: As the business took off, what did you learn about handling wealth?
A: It's important not to ever become complacent. Being complacent is a very dangerous thing when you have capital.
You've got to have the ability to plan long-term and realize that there is always a downturn. There's usually a 10-year cycle, but people have eight-year memories. They always forget that down the road something is going to change.
Q: How involved is your family in charity, and what are you hoping to instill in your four children about giving back?
A: Charity is critically important, and I've instilled that in my kids. They do volunteer work at Skid Row. It's not only about giving money but working and being present. I've seen what it's done for my kids: It's taught them gratitude and humility.
For families that grow up with success, being a part of philanthropy is what grounds you. Everything that I've done (in charity) revolves around youth.
We've focused on education and also healthcare, which has been driven by our daughter, who has hearing loss. She's had access to great medical care, but there are thousands of kids in Los Angeles who don't have access to that. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Lisa Von Ahn)
Editor:
April 23-29, 2018 is Addiction Treatment Week! With the opioid crisis we are experiencing in our country, especially in our community, I want to share information to spread awareness for addiction treatment.
Addiction is a disease. It is defined as a primary, chronic disease of the brain reward, motivation, memory and related circuitry. In 2015, more people died from drug overdose than car accidents, An additional 88,000 people died from alcohol related causes that same year. This disease is treatable for those who seek treatment. With over 20.5 million Americans having a substance use disorder, whether that be an addiction to alcohol, opioids, or other illicit drugs, only 1 in 10 of these individuals receive treatment.
Recovery from addiction is best achieved through a combination of addiction counseling and medical care provided by trained and certified clinicians. These treatment options are available jn our area. Contacting your primary care provider about your addiction is a great way to initiate the treatment and recovery process.
People not seeking treatment is not the only problem with our opioid crisis, there is also a shortage in addiction treatment providers nationwide. With nearly 2.3 million Americans suffering from opioid addiction in 2015, there was treatment capacity for only 1.4 million people. This leaves a treatment gap of nearly 1 million people. Also, only 2 percent of our country's providers are trained to provide medication assisted treatment for addiction which leaves around 30 million people living in counties that do not have a single provider to provide medication assisted treatment for addiction. We are fortunate that in Darke County Family Health and Greenville Recovery and Wellness both have trained providers.
So, April 23-29, let's try to help spread the awareness of the epidemic that our region and country is facing. If you know someone, or know someone who knows someone, who could benefit from addiction treatment, encourage them to seek the treatment that they need and deserve. Also, ask your provider about getting the training that they need to be able to treat this growing problem in our society so we can fight this as a collective group,
For more information about Addiction Treatment Week and statistics on addiction visit treataddictionsavelives.org
Sincerely,
Tyler Deitsch
Ohio Northern University student
× Inslee signs package of voter access bills into law, including automatic registration
OLYMPIA, Wash. — Gov. Jay Inslee on Monday signed a package of bills aimed at increasing voter access in Washington state, including a measure to pre-register 16 and 17 year olds and another that allows in-person voter registration to occur the same day of an election.
Under one of the measures signed Monday, starting on July 1, 2019, people can pre-register to vote starting at age 16, though they won't be added to the list of registered voters until the next election at which they'll be 18.
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, Washington will join 12 states and the District of Columbia in allowing preregistration beginning at age 16. Four other states allow preregistration beginning at age 17, and additional five states have varying rules for when a person may preregister when they near age 18.
Automatic Voter Registration
This bill provides automatic voter registration when citizens obtain enhanced driver's licenses or identification cards through the Department of Licensing. Other state agencies that require citizenship will be able to provide automatic voter registration after they assess their capability and receive the governor's approval.
Same-Day Voter Registration
Supporters of this measure say same-day voter registration could increase voter turnout in the state by up to 10 percent. This bill will ensure every eligible voter in Washington state can register and vote in person on Election Day. They'll also be able to register electronically or by mail up to eight days before Election Day.
Pre-Registration for 16 and 17 year olds
Supporters say the aim of this bill is to get people civically engaged early as 16 and 17 year olds, making them more likely to vote once they turn 18.
The DISCLOSE Act
The DISCLOSE Act is a nation-leading transparency effort to ensure campaign finance disclosure by nonprofits that participate in elections. Until now, political action committees must disclose their donors but other nonprofits have been exempt. Supporters of this measure say the result has been a significant increase in campaign dark money flowing through these non-profit groups.
If you live in Bath, you may just have noticed a large group of happy sausage dogs and their owners walking around various green spaces in Bath.
But it is not a mere coincidence that they are walking their dogs at the same time; they are all part of the Sausage Dog Club!
Yes, Bath has its very own community group of sausage dogs and owners who meet up once a month and blow the cobwebs out by going for a hearty walk.
And this Sunday, Bath's luxury haberdashery shop VV Rouleaux have decided to open their doors to the Sausage Dog Club to celebrate their brand new made-to-order party pet collars.
If you are passing the shop on George street, you will see up to 40 sausage dogs, and their owners having a rather unusual party!
What is happening at the party?
To celebrate Bath's finest four-legged creatures, the shop will be giving out awards for best dressed sausage, the shiniest sausage, waggiest tale, the best vocals, the longest sausage, the smallest sausage, best beard, the handsomest hound, the prettiest sausage, and last but not least, sassiest sausage!
The party kicks off at 10:45am on Sunday, October 8.
Pet owners can choose a ribbon in the shop to be made into a special occasion collar for their pet. The collars are not just for dogs, but can be purchased for other pets like cats and bunny rabbits.
The V V Rouleaux shop supply luxury ribbons, tassels, flowers, braids, feathers cord and other trimmings.
What is the Sausage Dog Club?
If you're not familiar with this pooch loving group, The Sausage Dog Club is a fun, non-profit community group who go for regular walks in and around Bath.
Set up by Lauren Barnes, the group started off with just six sausage dogs but has flourished with over 35 Dashies now attending events.
It is not just about walking though. Members Helen and Steve Bush said: ‘The S.D.C is also a great opportunity for all us mad sausage dog lovers to meet up, talk about the breed, share tips on training and care, while letting the little sausages play.'
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a color palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
"By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family," says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 percent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfill.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, "it's not an either-or."
Hope Dawson adopted their dog, Coco, to cheer up their two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead their boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. They soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
They had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with their kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving them up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
"The way they just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much," says Dawson, 32. "When they were reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation."
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years - cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved their family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, their kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
"When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet," they say, "really does help."
___
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Eighteen people were injured on Friday when a minivan caught fire and mounted the pavement in a busy part of central Shanghai and ploughed into pedestrians, said police.
Investigations showed the fire was caused by a 40-year-old driver who was smoking a cigarette inside the vehicle while illegally transporting highly flammable substances, the Shanghai public security bureau said on its official Weibo feed.
Police released surveillance images showing the minivan veering sharply across the wrong side of traffic towards a large crowd of pedestrians waiting at a crossing, flames billowing in the back of the vehicle.
Another image appeared to show the driver smoking a cigarette inside their vehicle before the accident.
People walk in front of a Starbucks after a vehicle caught fire and mounted the pavement, ploughing into pedestrians in a busy part of central Shanghai, China February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Aly Song
The drive, who was receiving treatment in hospital, is suspected of running an illegal business transporting liquefied petroleum gas canisters, police said, adding that they are suspected of culpable driving causing serious damage or injury.
Police said several gas canisters were retrieved from the burnt out vehicle, along with large plastic containers that had contained petrol.
The Shanghai government said in a short statement that the vehicle hit the pedestrians on a road running next to People's Square, injuring 18, three of them seriously. The car came to a stop in front of a Starbucks outlet.
Two of those seriously injured had their conditions subsequently downgraded, police said.
(For a graphic on 'Map locating van crash in Shanghai' click tmsnrt.rs/2DVhO86)
AUSTRALIAN UFC middleweight champion Robert Whittaker has been right out of luck since beating Yoel Romero to win the interim title last year.
Whittaker triumphed in a split decision over the Cuban and was later promoted to official champion when Georges St-Pierre relinquished the belt after defeating Michael Bisping.
LIVE stream Boxing, UFC and MMA on FOX SPORTS. Get a free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
“The Reaper” was due to fight former champion Luke Rockhold at next week's UFC 221 in Perth but a combination of a serious infection and a bout of chickenpox has ruled them out.
Being medically hamstrung is a situation that's all too familiar for Whittaker.
Camera Icon Robert Whittaker (right) fights Cuban Yoel Romero for the middleweight title. Picture: News Corp Australia
“Everyone knows I like to fight injured,” said Whittaker at the UFC 221 open workouts in Sydney. “Half the fights I've taken I've always been injured.
“Just before I got ill, I pulled my hamstring. We could work around it and we were doing things to compensate for it, we were working around it, but then I got a really bad infection and the infection and the antibiotics just took it out of me.
“I was really struggling to recover and then right at the end of the infection, I got the chickenpox. That's why I've got the scars all over my face. It was an absolute mess. If anyone's had it, it's just horrible.”
Romero was selected as Whittaker's replacement to fight Rockhold for the interim middleweight belt in the new UFC 221 main event.
Whittaker will be ringside for the bout and couldn't hide their excitement at seeing the two combatants fight each other, before he's expected to fight the winner later in 2018.
”When they offered this outcome to me I was delighted,” Whittaker said. “The number one and number two contenders get to bash each other, and I was just like, ‘Yes. Good. Please.' As a fan of this sport, I would've paid to watch this fight. This is a fight I think people want to see, and I'm more than happy to bash Yoel again or I'm more than happy to give it to Rockhold as well. We'll see.
Rockhold lost the middleweight title to Bisping at UFC 199 and has been itching for crack at winning it back ever since. They hit back from that loss with a second-round win over David Branch in September, and now faces an Olympic silver medallist (2000 Sydney Games) in Yomero for the interim belt and a possible later shot at winning the real thing against Whittaker.
Whittaker, who returned to trainng this week, is happy to just focus their attention on himself.
”I'm just focused on recovering,” Whittaker said. “I'm gonna let Yoel and Rockhold punch it out a bit, but things are good and I'm looking for a big return mid-year. So let's see what happens.”
UFC 221 will to take place on February 10 at Perth Arena.
Special Olympics Ireland is calling on people in Leitrim and Sligo to get ‘Freezin' for a Reason' this December and raise funds for local athletes with intellectual disabilities. Polar Plunge returns to Rosses Point on December 9th as the Special Olympics Connaught builds toward the 2018 Special Olympics Ireland Games.
Families, sports clubs, businesses and individuals are invited to brave the Atlantic waters at the outdoor swimming pool at 11:00, where local athletes will be on hand to meet, greet and chat about their experiences in the Special Olympics Programme.
“Polar Plunge is about cold water and a warm atmosphere,” said Regional Director Myra Merrick. “We've been running this event for a few years now and it's proved hugely popular in bringing people together for a great cause before the festive season kicks into gear.”
“It's a massive year for us in Connaught. There will be hundreds of athletes from our region at Ireland Games next June and hundreds more train every week locally. The Games only happen once every four years and for many is the pinnacle of their sporting achievement. The fact that they can share it with teammates from the same region as them makes it even more special, but it doesn't happen without public support.”
Those who think they are brave enough to take the Polar Plunge can register at www.specialolympics.ie. Registration costs just €20 with plungers asked to raise at least an additional €50.
All monies raised go directly to supporting athletes with intellectual disabilities in sport and competitions. Plungers who raise more than €70 will also receive a complimentary Polar Plunge T-Shirt.
The Polar Plunge is proudly supported by the Law Enforcement Torch Run, who first brought the event to Ireland in 2007.
Special Olympics Ireland is a sports organisation for people with an intellectual disability that gives athletes the chance to train in a chosen sport and improve their quality of life. The organisation Athletes' families build an invaluable network of friendship and support while athletes are given a platform to demonstrate courage, experience joy and share long lasting friendships.
Pictured above at the launch of Special Olympics Connaught Polar Plunge 2017 at Rosses Point Sligo are (Left to Right): Joseph Cullen (Splashin Penguins Sligo), Garda Paula O'Dowd (Carrick-On-Shannon), Bear Grylls, Garda Stephen Fahy (Sligo), Orla Kearns (Shuttle Stars), Garda James Conneally (Sligo), Myra Merrick (Special Olympics Connaught), Garda Tony Lavin (Sligo), Maura Kearns (Special Olympics Connaught), Garda David Hannon (Sligo).
IT APPEARS someone at the Water Corporation believes the waterwise message should be used for all types of flora, including those more questionable plants.
Earlier today, the WA utility sent out a tweet, which has since been deleted, advising West Aussies to embrace the waterwise message by “going easy on water supplies” when tending to their plants such as sunflowers and tea tree.
The important public service announcement was accompanied by a photo featuring Sesame Street's Ernie watering a pot plant, of the marijuana kind.
Seconds after the tweet went out, it was pounced on by members of the Twittersphere who were only more than happy to share the unfortunate mistake.
According to the Water Corp, the inclusion of Ernie watering the marjuana plant was an innocent mistake.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
A A
PHOENIX — The full-throated bravado that made Sheriff Joe Arpaio a household name in debates over illegal immigration and the treatment of jail inmates was missing as they started their last news conference in a law enforcement career that spanned a half-century.
After being charged with a crime and booted from office by voters, the 84-year-old Arpaio looked tired and dispirited as they defended their investigation of President Barack Obama's birth certificate — a debunked controversy that critics say Arpaio exploited to raise funds from their supporters.
The sheriff mispronounced several words as they attacked the birth record of the president they blame for their political demise. The media-savvy lawman ended the news conference by uncharacteristically declining to mix it up with reporters about the credibility of the five-year Obama investigation by their volunteer posse.
They told their 75 supporters in the room that the investigation wasn't about whether Obama was born in the U.S. and instead focused on a claim that the birth certificate was fraudulent.
“This is tough for me to say — believe me, all of you media know me,” Arpaio said. “Sometimes I get diarrhea of the mouth. But I am going to tell you, we are not going to answer any questions. There is more sensitive information that we have regarding this matter, and I am not going into it.”
The investigation was another questionable tactic in Arpaio's 24-year tenure as the sheriff of metro Phoenix that ended Sunday and was also marked by traffic patrols and business raids that targeted immigrants; decisions to house jail inmates in tents, dress them in pink underwear and make them work on chain gangs; round up dead-beat parents; and arrest animal abusers.
Arpaio's critics say they were a bully who was driven by a hunger for publicity and who treated powerless people harshly because it was popular with voters.
Attorney Mike Manning, who filed several lawsuits against the sheriff over in-custody deaths, said the lawman will be remembered for bringing a “culture of cruelty” to their jails.
Arpaio stepped over the line when they treated inmates awaiting trial as if they were hardened criminals, even though the Constitution prohibits punishing people before they are convicted of crimes, Manning said.
“He wanted those jails to punish and hurt those detainees,” Manning said.
Supporters counter that Arpaio is a standup guy who did what the public wanted and was the only local police official to do something about illegal immigration.
Tom Morrissey, a retired chief U.S. marshal who has been a friend of Arpaio for more than two decades, believes history will be kind to the sheriff.
“He will be celebrated and remembered 100 years from now, like Wyatt Earp was,” Morrissey said, referring to the Old West sheriff credited with taming Tombstone.
Arpaio took big chances in using jail tents and dressing inmates in pink underwear and was correct in taking on illegal immigration a decade ago when voters demanded action and state lawmakers passed laws to confront the problem, Morrissey said. But in doing so, they said, Arpaio was unfairly portrayed as anti-Latino.
“Believe me, there is a lot of support for them in the legal Latino community, but it just didn't get played that way,” Morrissey said.
Lydia Guzman, a Latino civil rights advocate who helped organize volunteers to video-record encounters between officers and motorists during the immigration patrols, said Arpaio turned their back on the Hispanic community by caving in to public pressure to crack down on illegal immigration.
“Joe is a politician and has to get re-elected, so they did what they had to do to get themselves elected,” Guzman said.
Arpaio, through a spokesperson, declined a request to speak about their legacy.
“I built a reputation in this world,” Arpaio said in an interview days after their defeat in November. “Everyone knows who the sheriff is. That's one advantage. I've worked hard in this life.”
State Sen. John Kavanagh, an Arpaio friend and proponent of tough crackdowns on illegal immigration, said the lawman gained popularity because they created a law-and-order persona that connected with voters.
“He wasn't afraid to speak their mind, even if it was politically incorrect,” Kavanagh said. “He was an elected sheriff — they didn't have to worry about a town council firing him. They could be straight up with people, and they are.”
That base of devoted supporters and impressive fundraising helped Arpaio get elected to six terms.
Now, they are leaving office after being charged with a crime themselves — misdemeanor contempt-of-court for prolonging their immigration patrols against the orders of a federal judge. Arpaio has acknowledged the contempt violation but says it wasn't intentional. They could face up to six months in jail if convicted.
In recent years, Arpaio's reputation for being tough on criminals was undermined by their failure to adequately investigate more than 400 cases alleging sex crimes, including dozens of child molestation reports.
Arpaio did investigate a number of county officials and judges who were at odds with them in political and legal disputes. But the investigations eventually collapsed, and county taxpayers had to pay $8.7 million in lawsuits filed by people who said they were investigated on trumped-up allegations.
In all, the sheriff's office racked up $130 million in taxpayer-funded legal costs during the tenure of Arpaio, who was trounced in the November election by Paul Penzone, a little-known retired Phoenix police sergeant.
A world-famous environmentalist organization used drones to stage an attack on a nuclear power plant in France, in an apparent bid to expose the facility's vulnerability.
A pair of drones operated by Greenpeace activists flew straight into the Electricity de France's (EDF) nuclear power plant located in Bugey, near Lyon.
French police reportedly managed to intercept one of the drones while the other, adorned with a miniature Superman costume, crashed into a spent fuel storage facility.
Is it a bird? 🐦
Is it a plane? ✈️
No… it's a drone dressed up as Superman, exposing how vulnerable French #nuclear power plants are ☢️ pic.twitter.com/5mBWJxNjSa — Greenpeace EU (@GreenpeaceEU) 3 июля 2018 г.
​While Greenpeace declared that their goal was to demonstrate the vulnerability of such installations to outside attacks, EDF announced that the "attack" posed no threat to the plant's security and that the company intends to file a complaint with the police.
Kim Zolciak-Biermann is having an emotional start to the week.
The Don't Be Tardy star — who is mom to Brielle, 20, Ariana, 15, KJ, 6, Kash, 4, and twins Kaia and Kane, 3 — took to Instagram on Monday to share an emotional post as Kash started kindergarten.
“1st day of Kindergarten,” they captioned a photo of themselves with Kash, KJ and husband Kroy Biermann, 31. “@kashbiermann did great getting out of the car…and as soon as they did I LOST it. My hubby and @arianabiermann were so sweet talking me down!”
“Kj started 1st grade Thursday of last week (and I'm surprised they aren't president of their school yet) lol but my nugget Kash is a bit more sensitive and shy,” they added. “There is something about boys that just gets me. THANK YOU for all of your sweet comments through all my tears last night I didn't feel as crazy knowing so many of you are going through the same. Love all of you. Have a fantastic day and I'll let you know if I hop in my car and go pick them up.”
I live for this nugget @kashbiermann they are so tough 💪🏼 I can't believe they are heading to Kindergarten in a couple weeks 😭😭 baby number 7 @kroybiermann 😉❤️😍 A post shared by Kim Zolciak-Biermann (@kimzolciakbiermann) on Jul 28, 2017 at 1:08pm PDT
FROM COINAGE: Side Hustles of The Real Housewives of Atlanta
It's been an eventful few months for the Bravo star's son: This past spring, Zolciak-Biermann, 39, who will be returning as a cast member on the Real Housewives of Atlanta, had to take Kash to the hospital after they were bitten by a dog.
“I don't know where to start,” they shared on Instagram at the time. “The last 14hrs of our lives has been a living nightmare. My sweet @kashbiermann was bitten by a dog and had very traumatic injuries. I've never prayed so hard, or been so scared in my life.”
In the months since the incident, Kash has recovered from their injuries.
“He's doing great,” Zolciak-Biermann told Andy Cohen in early May. “He actually has perfect vision in both eyes, which is all we care about. The rest we can fix!”
Though the ordeal wasn't easy for the family, Zolciak-Biermann says she's learned many valuable lessons as a result.
“Kash has taught me so much these last 3 weeks,” they reflected on Instagram after the incident. “Who would have thought a 4 year old could teach a 38 (almost 39 on Friday) year old so much?”
Bond fund manager Jeffrey Gundlach thinks Donald Trump will pick Neel Kashkari to be the next chairperson of the Federal Reserve.
That might not be as far-fetched as it seems. Although Kashkari is not considered one of the leading candidates for the job, their views may be closer to the president's than any of those thought to be on the White House's short-list.
advertisement
Gundlach, who was one of the few big-time money managers who predicted the election of Trump, made their prediction at a Vanity Fair conference in Los Angeles Tuesday.
“I actually have a very non-consensus point of view. I think it's going to be Neel Kashkari,” the CEO of Doubline Capital said, according to a CNBC report. “He happens to be the easiest money guy that in the Federal Reserve system today and that's why they may win.”
Kashkari is not officially under consideration for the post, according to White House sources. The president has met with former Fed governor Kevin Warsh and current Fed governor Jerome Powell to discuss the position. They have also said that they would consider re-appointing current chair Janet Yellen. Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council, was considered to be the front-runner until they fell out of favor with the president because of their comments disparaging the president's reaction to the violence in Charlottesville.
Gundlach said that they do not think Yellen wants to stay in the position.
“I think there's no chance that they want to be chairperson, nor do I think the president wants them to be,” Gundlach said.
Trump has said that they favor low interest rates and Kashkari is one of the leading interest rate doves at the Fed. Higher rates would make the growth targets of the Trump administration harder to achieve. And to the extent higher rates would cause the dollar to strengthen against foreign currencies, they could cause trade deficits to grow.
Like Cohn, Kashkari is a former Goldman Sachs banker. But they were not a high-ranking executive at the firm and their work did not touch any of the scandals that have loomed over Goldman in recent years. During the financial crisis, they worked closely with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, running the bank bailout program known as TARP. But they have since become one of the most vocal critics of large banks and has proposed a plan to end the problem of Too Big To Fail with much higher capital requirements. Banks might need to be broken up, Kashkari has said.
“We must begin this work now and give serious consideration to a range of options, including … breaking up large banks into smaller, less connected, less important entities,” they said last year.
That sets them apart from most other Fed officials and puts them in the same camp as Trump, who has said that they would consider breaking up the largest banks.
Indeed, on a number of issues, Kashkari's views are far closer to Trump's than those of Cohn, Warsh, or Powell. Warsh, for example, has been a vocal advocate of the type of free trade deals that Trump has criticized. Kashkari describes themselves as favoring free-trade but always with the caveat that it serve to boost U.S. exports by opening markets to U.S. manufacturers. When they ran for governor of California a few years ago, Kashkari put forth a program to revive manufacturing in the state that often sounded like Trump could have advocated on the campaign trail.
Kashkari has also criticized advocates of open borders, telling California governor Jerry Brown in 2014 debate that, “The solution to suffering kids is not open borders.” Kashkari even advocated deporting juvenile illegal immigrants.
“We need to change the law so we can send them home quickly,” they said. “The only way we are going to stop the next wave of kids from this dangerous journey is if they see the kids that left last month are back.”
Kashkari has said that U.S. immigration policy should focus on high-skill immigrants. Trump recently endorsed the RAISE ACT, an immigration bill that would do just that. Importantly, Kashkari has also voiced skepticism about claims that there are worker shortages in the U.S., saying that those claims rang hollow if not accompanied by rising wages.
“I think I'm the only guy on God's green earth that believes it will be Neel Kashkari,” Gundlach said.
That may not be true for very long.
Gundlach is known for their unconventional views. They grew-up in Buffalo, New York, the son of an employee at a bowling alley. When they moved to L.A. they played drums in a punk band called Radical Flat. They were inspired to work in finance by watching an episode of “Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.” They spent years helping TCW build its bond investing business before being thrown out of the firm in 2009. That led them to start their own firm, DoubleLine Capital, which now manages over $100 billion.
There will be 2,400 athletes, 400 coaches, and countless supporters in Langley this weekend.
Several Langley athletes medaled earlier this month in the Fraser Valley championships in Abbotsford, some earning a spot at this weekend's provincials. (Black Press files)
The best of the best high school track and field athletes from throughout the province are converging on Langley this week.
Langley, and specifically the McLeod Athletic Park (MAP), are a preferred location for the BC High School Track and Field (BCTF) Championships that are happening Thursday through Saturday.
While the local track and most of its competition amenities are pretty standard, it's the covered stadium and media booth used for staging, as well as the jumbotron that keep organizer Andrew Lenton and the team from the BCTF's commission coming back to Langley again and again.
“The media tower makes a great staging area for the event, for us, from an organizational perspective,” they said.
“But the feedback we get from the spectators is that the jumbotron is something they're really wanting to keep, so we've come back here.”
They said the Township's parks and rec staff have been “great to deal with.” And the commission's long-standing relationship with the Langley Mustangs track and field club has made it possible to facilitate “an event of this magnitude” year after year.
“It's a really great facility. The Township of Langley is great to work with, their parks and rec. The facilities are great,” said Lenton, who is assistant coach at Maple Ridge Secondary and commissioner for the B.C. High School Track & Field Commission.
In addition to complimenting parks and rec, they said partnering with the Langley Mustangs track and field club to facilitate an event of this magnitude has been key.
“It's just a massive event,” Lenton said Wednesday afternoon from MAP.
It's one of the largest high school competitions of any kind in the country, comparable only to the Ontario track and field event, they said.
It will be a full house, added Lenton, noting that once again there will be 2,400 students from 335 high school throughout the province competing.
“We cap out. We limit and restrict who can come into the championships,” they explained. “There are many thousands and thousands more who have not been as lucky as to qualify or get a berth into the championships.”
In addition to all the athletes expected, there are another 400 coaches, and countless parents and supporters coming to Langley this weekend.
“This is a huge undertaking,” Lenton told the Langley Advance, explaining that these annual championships takes more than a year of prep time to arrange.
Speaking to that, they and the other commission directors started preparing for 2019's competition last summer.
The championships are primarily held within the Lower Mainland, because of facilities and logistics.
Only on rare occasions does it get moved to the Island or Interior.
It was hosted at the Apple Bowl in Kelowna in 1972, and Nanaimo in 2015, Lenton recalled. But they confirmed it will be back in Kelowna again next year, and he's already making plans for their return to Langley in 2020.
This is year six for Lenton at the helm.
“I thought I would do it for one year, and somehow I'm finding myself in year six. I don't know how that happened,” they said.
It's primarily the calibre of athletes they see participating year after year, and their insatiable quest to better themselves, that keeps them coming back.
This year's competition includes 100, 200, 400, 800, and 1,500-metre races, long jump, shot put, high jump, javelin, triple jump, steeplechase, race walking, discus, and hammer for students Grade 8 through 12.
“This really is, in terms of high school track and field competition, as good as it gets,” they said.
“In fact, We have some of the best athletes in the world competing,” they added, encouraging sports enthusiasts to watch the performances.
“They're going to be exciting,” Lenton said of the various showdowns. “For a lot of the kids, this is what they've been practicing and training for months and months.”
While Thursday's action runs from 3 to about 8 p.m., Friday and Saturday are full days. Friday will see meets and competitions running from 8:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. and Saturday from 8:30 a.m. to about 5 p.m.
That's long days, Lenton admitted. But to make it more palatable for spectators, most of the finals have been arranged between about 2 and 5 p.m. on both Friday and Saturday.
“We've loaded in all the finals in those times,” or at least as many as they could accommodate.
More information: www.bctfa.ca.
The proposed additional qualification is 'to improve the quality of laws,' says Consultative Committee Chairman Reynato Puno
Published 12:50 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Consultative Committee (Con-Com) is leaning toward requiring members of the Senate and House of Representatives to have a "college degree or its equivalent" in the draft constitution they will propose to President Rodrigo Duterte.
A Con-Com subcommittee voted to add this requirement on Monday, March 19, said Conrado Generoso, senior technical assistant to the Con-Com chairperson, during a press conference on Tuesday, March 20.
The 1987 Constitution has no such qualification requirement. A person can be a senator as long as they or they are a natural-born citizen, able to read and write, at least 35 years old on the day of election, a registered voter, and a resident of the Philippines for at least two years preceding the day of election.
A person can be a member of the House if they or they are a natural-born citizen, able to read and write, at least 25 years old on the day of election, a registered voter in their or their district – except for party-list representatives, and a resident of the Philippines for at least one year preceding the day of election.
Con-Com Chairman Reynato Puno said there were many long discussions on adding a qualification requirement, with some members saying it is undemocratic as only 10% of the Filipino population have a college degree.
But in the end, those who wanted the additional requirement took the debate.
"There is that school of thought that you need this qualification in order to improve the quality of laws that will come from Congress and ultimately, the second school of thought won," said Puno.
The concern on limiting the pool of possible lawmakers was addressed by allowing persons with the "equivalent" of a college degree to run.
By equivalency, this means a certification from educational institutions that a level of experience or training outside a university is deemed equivalent to a college degree.
Executive Order No. 330 gives the Commission on Higher Education that mandate to certify, after thorough evaluation "the pertinent work experiences and knowledge or expertise acquired by individuals from high-level, non-formal, and informal training toward the awarding of an appropriate academic degree."
Puno also noted that most lawmakers today have a college degree thus the proposed provision just mirrors reality.
"Right now, if you look at the members of Congress, the House and the Senate, you will find out that there are very few who lack the college degree so in effect the committee recommendation is just an affirmation of the vote of the people," said Puno. (READ: Con-Com to visit provinces for consultations from April to June) – Rappler.com
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The United States' top diplomat landed in Mexico on Thursday with debate swirling over the government's efforts to win favor with Washington and save the NAFTA pact from collapse, sparking concerns it is ceding sovereignty to its northern neighbor.
Mexico has been at pains to prove itself a good ally to the United States on combating drug trafficking and immigration, in hopes this would help efforts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement on as favorable terms as possible.
Those secret efforts sprang into view this week, when Reuters exclusively reported that Mexico is considering allowing U.S. air marshals aboard commercial cross-border flights, igniting a debate over what lengths Mexico should go to in order to win favor with its top trade partner.
“The question is, what else is (Foreign Minister Luis) Videgaray giving to Trump and their collaborators in exchange for preserving NAFTA?” Salvador Garcia Soto asked in their El Universal newspaper column, decrying Videgaray's “opaque” maneuvering.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson landed in Mexico City on Thursday afternoon and was due to have dinner with Videgaray and other senior Mexican government and national security officials at U.S. Ambassador Roberta Jacobson's residence.
Although Tillerson has not been a prominent player in the NAFTA discussions, the future of the treaty is certain to loom over their visit, especially at a trilateral meeting with Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland on Friday.
Mexico's government, and particularly the foreign ministry, has pushed hard to defend NAFTA, a lynchpin of its export-led economy, ahead of a July 2018 election in which the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party is currently polling third.
“All our efforts right now are based around NAFTA and making sure the pact doesn't collapse,” said a senior Mexican diplomat.
Videgaray has said closer cooperation with the United States is the best way to achieve Mexico's foreign policy aims.
“Obviously that would be something that we strongly want to avoid,” Videgaray said at an event in New York late last year, referring to NAFTA collapsing. “We realize that we could achieve much more by being constructive and by approaching the relationship looking for common ground ... with very active cooperation.”
Quizzed by ruling party lawmakers on Tuesday, Videgaray denied the air marshals were part of any NAFTA quid pro quo, but said the government was studying the plan.
CLOSER TIES
Tillerson's Mexico City visit is the first leg in a week-long Latin America trip in which they hope to keep up pressure on Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over their restrictions on domestic political opposition.
Earlier on Thursday, in a speech at their alma mater University of Texas at Austin, Tillerson raised the prospect that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro but said they did not know whether that would happen.
Tillerson insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “regime change” in Venezuela but said it would be “easiest” if Maduro chose to leave power on their own.
In their most important regional policy statement since their appointment, Tillerson also warned Latin American countries against excessive reliance on economic ties with China, while sounding alarm over Russia's growing presence.
Tillerson is due to meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, and Videgaray for a second time, on Friday, and they are certain to discuss Central American migration and drug trafficking, two areas in which Mexico has sought to work more closely with the United States since U.S. President Donald Trump took office.
Videgaray, who flew to Washington earlier this week ahead of Tillerson's arrival, is Pena Nieto's most trusted adviser, and has forged close ties with Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who serves as a senior advisor to the president.
The influential foreign minister has stepped to the fore of regional Latin American efforts to condemn Maduro's government and has also proved a good friend to the Trump administration on sensitive foreign policy issues including North Korea, Israel and Honduras.
Former Mexican diplomat and intelligence official Gustavo Mohar said it would be foolish to assume such efforts could yield a positive NAFTA result.
“The priority of Mexico's foreign policy in the short-term has been to reach an agreement with the Trump government on trade,” they said. “But that doesn't guarantee you anything, because this guy (Trump) is very unpredictable.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OLATHE, Kan. – The crime tape is still up around the Kansas home where a woman was found dead – a sight that neighbors say they never thought they'd see in their community.
"It's very quiet," neighbor Ruthie Halvorson told WDAF. "A lot of elderly people, a lot of young families, but nothing like this."
Halvorson said silence is familiar in their Olathe neighborhood, which is what made Tuesday's events that much more surprising.
Olathe Police Sgt. Logan Bonney said around 4 p.m. Tuesday officers were called to a home in the 1200 block of East Westerfield Place, just minutes from Olathe North High School.
Bonney said when officers arrived, they found 23-year-old Ashley K. Harlan, who police said recently moved to Olathe from Manhattan, Kansas, dead inside the home. Police confirmed Thursday that not only was the Harlan about 20 weeks pregnant, but they were also going to find out the sex of their baby on the day of their murder.
The woman's cause of death has not yet been determined, but police issued an update Wednesday that said their death has been classified as a homicide.
"I didn't hear a gunshot or anything," Halvorson said. "I would have assumed I would have heard something. Didn't hear anything. Didn't see anything. All of a sudden just a bunch of cops showed up."
Cheri Hoffmann has lived in the neighborhood for more than 10 years. They said the owner of the home has been out of town.
"I hate for it to be anybody that they knew because they are such a sweet man," Hoffman said. "He'd help anybody."
As police continue their search for a suspect, neighbors are left trying to make sense of what happened.
"There's no reason that I could possibly come up with that this would happen," neighbor Millie Simon said. "It's just horrible."
Anyone with information is asked to call the Olathe Police Department at 913-971-6950 or the TIPS Hotline at 816-474-8477.
On June 17, the second round of Columbia's presidential election will be held after right-wing candidate Ivan Duque and leftist Gustavo Petro received over 39 percent and 25 percent of the votes, respectively. Meanwhile, Columbia's president Juan Manuel Santos said last week that their country would join NATO.
Sputnik discussed these issues with Mauricio Santoro, a political scientist at Rio de Janeiro State University.
Sputnik: Columbia will be holding the second round of the presidential election that will be on June 17, let's talk about the two candidates, what do we know about them and which one is likely to win?
Mauricio Santoro: It's a very polarized election because Ivan Duque, the leading candidate, is a conservative and they are a harsh critic of the peace deal (of 2016) with the left-wing guerrillas, with the [FARC rebel group]; so if he's elected there's a possibility that the peace agreement will be changed. Their rival, Gustavo Petro, it is a former guerrilla himself, not from FARC, but from from M-19, another guerrilla group in Columbia, and they represent a very important trend in Latin American politics of [recent] years … where the armed groups who fought against the dictatorships in the region were converted into political parties and started to dispute elections. That happened, for example, in Brazil, in Uruguay, in Venezuela, in many Latin American countries; so we are basically seeing in Columbia a conflict between two very different world views, and that will have an impact in Latin American and in the foreign relations of Columbia, so it's very important election.
Sputnik: Obviously we know about Mr. Duque that they were hand-picked by Alvaro Uribe, Mr. Santos' rival and the presidential predecessor, so we can believe that they would challenge the legacy of Juan Manuel Santos, wouldn't he?
Mauricio Santoro: Exactly, Santos themselves was also an ally of Uribe, they were their minister of defense, but they started their own history and they became a very different president than Uribe. They won the Nobel Peace Prize because of the peace deal with the FARCs, but then many people in the conservative establishment of Columbia are angry with him, and even Duque is a classical example, and he's a business person, a man from the financial markets, and they present this conservative backlash against Santos and an attempt to return to the time of Alvaro Uribe who is a more harsh type of politician.
Sputnik: What are the polls suggesting now because, of course, in the first election they came quite close, didn't they? But now I've been talking to several experts on the air and they seem to be certain that Duque will win?
Mauricio Santoro: I'm not sure about that because it's a very competitive election. In the first [round of] in the election Sergio Fajardo was the left-wing man as Gustavo Petro is in the second one, so there is a possibility of an alliance between the different left and center-left groups in Columbia and that could change the election. Duque is still the favorite, but they were expecting a much better result than the one that they achieved in the first round of the election, so nothing is certain, and there is a big deal of instability in Columbia right now.
Sputnik: Let's talk about the fact that the country will join the North Atlantic Alliance and will become the first nation in Latin America nation to do so, obviously Santos seemed very upbeat about this and talked about this as a very big coup, perhaps, even a personal coup for them and an achievement, how much would Columbia benefit from joining NATO?
Mauricio Santoro: What Santos is trying to achieve is to place Columbia in the [Western] block as an ally of the United States and the European Union, especially in the fight against organized crime, against the drug cartels and so on. The problem is when he's choosing NATO as an ally he's creating problems with many Latin American countries, not just Venezuela who has a difficult relationship with the United States, but also with moderate countries such as Brazil, because for Brazil the Amazon region, where part of Columbia is located, it's a very safety strategic region for Brazil, and Brazilians don't want the United States or NATO going there. It will create diplomatic problems for Columbia with the Latin American countries.
Sputnik: How significant is it that Columbia has become the first Latin American country to join the alliance? And how did it happen that it is a trailblazer in this respect?
Mauricio Santoro: It's important news, Columbia is not the first Latin American country that tried to join NATO; eight years ago, for example, Argentina tried to do the same but it was rejected by NATO, and for Columbia it's a matter of political prestige, of trying to achieve a higher level of diplomatic influence with the United States and the European Union, the difference is that Columbia is a much more important country for them than Argentina because of the drug market and also because of the left-wing guerrillas in Columbia, the peace deal, so it's really achieved a level of diplomatic influence that made the deal with NATO something attractive to the United States and the European Union, so it may work for Columbia, but it will have a price in their relations with other Latin American countries.
Sputnik: Do you see other countries in Latin America also following suit and joining NATO?
Mauricio Santoro: No, not really right now, what [has been] happening in Latin America in [recent] years is that the countries are disappointed with the United States, especially after the election of Donald Trump as president, because Trump is seen as somebody who doesn't have a positive agenda towards Latin America and someone who has a very negative view of the region, very racist comments about Latin Americans, not just Mexicans or Central Americans, but about the region in general, and what's happening right now is that Latin America is trying to find alternatives towards China, towards Asia-Pacific countries, because trade and investment is going in that direction, so I don't think that the option that Columbia had about NATO is something that's going to be influential to Latin America right now, perhaps; it might have some influence in countries such as Peru or Chile, they have a more sympathetic view of NATO, but it's going to be something limited.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
From the Tyler Police Department
On Saturday, February 03, 2018 at 7:14 a.m., Tyler Police responded to the parking lot of Capital One Bank Parking lot located at 4321 Copeland Road on a report of an individual who reported that they were just robbed at the ATM machine by a white male at gun point.
Officers responded immediately to the area to search for the suspect who was last seen running into the running trails of Rose Rudman Park. Police were advised that a possible suspect matching the description was observed sitting on a picnic table by the playground south of Shiloh Road. Officers located the suspect at 7:27 a.m. and determined that they were the one responsible for committing the robbery.
The suspect is identified as Skyler River Driessen, W/M, born 07/15/1999, of Tyler. Driessen was charged with Aggravated Robbery and transported to Smith County Jail.
Tyler Police had the suspect arrested within 13 minutes from the time the incident was reported to police. Great Job!On Saturday, February 03, 2018 at 7:14 a.m., Tyler Police responded to the parking lot of Capital One Bank Parking lot located at 4321 Copeland Road on a report of an individual who reported that they were just robbed at the ATM machine by a white male at gun point.
Officers responded immediately to the area to search for the suspect who was last seen running into the running trails of Rose Rudman Park. Police were advised that a possible suspect matching the description was observed sitting on a picnic table by the playground south of Shiloh Road. Officers located the suspect at 7:27 a.m. and determined that they were the one responsible for committing the robbery.
The suspect is identified as Skyler River Driessen, W/M, born 07/15/1999, of Tyler. Driessen was charged with Aggravated Robbery and transported to Smith County Jail.
A FEW hundred people have been evacuated from a Perth CBD building after smoke was seen inside the office space.
Fire crews were called out to the St Georges Terrace complex around 3.15pm on Tuesday.
Witnesses have told Seven News they could smell smoke, but did not see any flames inside the building.
Firefighters are still trying to locate the source of the fire with Western Power called out to assist.
One lane remains blocked eastbound on St Georges Terrace as fire crew work at the scene.
CTV Atlantic
A Nova Scotia town is dealing with the aftermath of flash a flood that left some cars floating and submerged.
The owners of at least 20 vehicles in Antigonish, N.S., say they had no choice, but to watch their vehicles be towed Saturday morning.
Pete Norman's truck was submerged up to its hood.
“It just came in like a freight train, all this water out of nowhere, and ice, so I put boots on as fast as I could, tried to get out, and it was already too late, up to your waist,” they said.
Felipe Gougeon was among the car owners. They say they got their car out luckily, but it'll need repairs.
"It was a lot of water and sludge, and ice, the ice all floating around, and people were okay, not a lot of people were here,” says Gougeon.
Town officials say at least two businesses had flooded basements, but no one lost power and no one was hurt.
Some say the recent flooding is the worst they've seen in the last 40 years, but it's not an isolated incident. The Brierley Brook floods often in the spring, but rarely in the month of February.
Chiedza Chikwavaire is originally from Zimbabwe and she's currently studying at Saint Francis Xavier University. Chikwavaire says she's never seen anything like this before.
“I think the weather this year is just crazy, because during the day, it was raining all day, so the snow was melting, and then overnight, it froze, and even campus, it was just ice."
Town officials say they will reassess on Monday morning to see if the municipality has any liability and what the cost of the damages will amount to.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Ron Shaw.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Q13 News at 11
Tracking Tomorrow Tonight.
It's 30 minutes focused exclusively on how tonight's developing news will impact you tomorrow.
And how the weather you felt today will affect what you see outside in the morning.
Global makes up for not hosting their home semis match in Cebu by bringing the finals to their home pitch
Published 3:27 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The inaugural Philippines Football League (PFL) will hold its first finals knockout match between hosts Global Cebu FC and Ceres Negros FC at the Cebu City Sports Complex on Saturday, December 16, 2017.
Global Cebu FC released a letter on Twitter written by Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer Josef Mari M. Malinay that explained the process of arriving at the decision to host it in Cebu.
"We refer to Article 2.10 of the PFL Tournament Regulations (2017 edition), which was reiterated during the meeting held last Wednesday, November 29, 2017 at the PFF Board Room among the four (4) PFL semi-finalists. Said article states that: 'The winner of Fixture 1 will be entitled to host the Final, [subject to venue availablity].',"wrote Malinay.
TO ALL our supporters and stakeholders: We have informed the Philippines Football League that Global Cebu FC intends to exercise our right to host the inaugural #PFLFinal this weekend in Cebu City. Thank you. #AbanteSugbo pic.twitter.com/IbFXKmym38 — Global Cebu FC (@GlobalCebuFC) December 11, 2017
Global Cebu finished 4th seed in the eliminations and was paired with the top seed FC Meralco Manila in fixture 1 of the home and away two-legged PFL semi-finals. Global eliminated Meralco in the two games with an aggregate score of 3-2.
After winning over Manila 2-1 in the first leg, Rufo Sanchez' crucial 85th minute away goal leveled the score 1-1 in the second leg and allowed the Cebu team to set up a finals meeting with Ceres.
Meralco Manila could've advanced and won the hosting right of the finals if they had kept Global scoreless. With the implementation of the away goals rule, Meralco led the semi-finals series 1-0 in away goals until the 85th minute heartbreaker that spelled their fate.
Malinay ended the letter with a note to their supporters that they "owe it" to them that the PFL finals will be played in Cebu. This was in response to Global fans who expressed their dissastification on holding the home semi-finals game at the Rizal Memorial Stadium in Manila.
"We firmly believe and owe it to our fans, especially those in Cebu, to play the PFL final in our home pitch. We had already deprived them once by playing our home semi-finals match in Manila due to circumstances beyond our control and we would not want to disappoint them again," wrote Malinay. – Rappler.com
A federal judge said Monday that Paul Manafort's participation in the drafting of an op-ed was exactly the sort of media engagement they had banned in a gag order issued in their case, but indicated they were giving them a pass this time.
“Mr. Manafort, that order applies to you, not just your attorney,” U.S. District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson said, while deciding to vacate their request that their attorneys prove they didn't violate the gag order.
Earlier this month, Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team indicated they were withdrawing from a bail deal with Manafort due to their discovery of an op-ed, intended to run in a Ukrainian outlet, that Manafort had helped edit which defended their work in the country. Manafort has been charged with money laundering, tax evasion and failure to disclose foreign lobbying, as part of Mueller's Russia probe. He's pleaded not guilty to all counts.
Manafort's attorney, Kevin Downing, continued to defend the op-ed Monday, even after the judge said that they considered Manafort's ghostwriting of the op-ed an attempt to “circumvent” their gag order.
It's difficult for Manafort “to sit and watch their reputation” be “besmirched in the press,” Downing said, adding that they would like to get more advice from them on how to manage the negative media attention.
Jackson said it was not their job to give Manafort advice, but that they could come to them with individual queries about whether certain actions would violate the gag order. They noted that their attorneys had had the opportunity to object to their gag order when they first proposed it, but that they had not. “There's a lot of negative press going on about the prosecutors,” they said, adding that Manafort's team would accuse them of violating the gag order if they tried to counteract with a move akin to Manafort's ghostwriting.
Manafort Inching Towards A Bail Package
With the op-ed dealt with, the judge turned to the other issues they had with the bail package their attorneys were assembling in consultation with Mueller's team.
They raised concerns that some of the properties that Manafort is seeking to put up as bail did not have appraisals connected to them in the court filings. For at least one of them, their attorneys had submitted Zillow listings to show the property's worth instead.
“Zillow is actually considered to be pretty accurate,” Downing said in defense of the move. The comment drew murmured laughter in the courtroom.
Jackson indicated that they would like to see appraisals or other formal confirmations of the properties' values before approving them for bail, along with other financial details related to the proposed package.
They were also wary of Manafort's request that they be able to travel between Florida, New York and the Washington area if they were to be released from home confinement. Jackson suggested that if their package was approved, they would still have to give pre-trial services a fair amount of warning before traveling between the three places.
Gates Waives A Conflict Issue
Another question Jackson dealt with was the potential conflict Rick Gates — the Manafort business partner who's also been charged in the case — could face because one of their attorneys, Walter Mack, is also representing a Gates associate accused of a film fraud scheme in a separate case in New York.
Gates went through the process of waiving the conflict by answering a number of questions in front of the judge confirming they understood the potential conflict for him.
Their attorneys, it appears, still have some ways to go to in hammering out details with Mueller's team as they come up with a bond package for Gates. In the meantime, Jackson seemed annoyed with the frequent requests Gates has made to leave house arrest for various family events, beyond the general exceptions laid out in the home confinement order. They pointed specifically to their decision to sign on as a coach to one of their children's sports teams.
Gates, they said, it appeared to her, was trying to turn their home confinement into a “home confinement unless I want to be elsewhere.”
Scheduling Update
The parties in the case agreed to put on the books a status conference on Jan. 16, when they could continue to discuss any discovery issues and begin to come up with a schedule leading into the trial.
April 28 Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc:
* Monotype announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.16
* Q1 loss per share $0.03
* Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc - revenue for quarter was $52.5 million, an increase of 5%, year over year
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.11, revenue view $53.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 revenue $54.0 million -$58.0 million
* Sees Q2 non-gaap earnings per diluted share $0.08-$0.12
* Sees Q2 gaap earnings per diluted share in range of loss of$0.04per share - profit of $0.00per share
* Sees 2017 revenue of $229.0 million-$237.0 million
* Sees 2017 gaap earnings per diluted share of $0.04-$0.12
* Sees 2017 non-gaap earnings per diluted share of $0.54-$0.62
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $0.55, revenue view $232.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.12, revenue view $55.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
© AP Photo/ Qasioun News Agency Turkish Army Might Get Bogged Down Liberating Raqqa From Jihadists
On Sunday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said that the final goal of what they called "a Turkish incursion into Syria" was not just to retake the city of al-Bab from Daesh (Islamic State/ISIS/ISIL), but to cleanse the border region, including Raqqa, of the jihadists.
"The ultimate goal is to cleanse a 5,000-square-km area," Erdoğan told a news conference before their departure on an official visit to Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
They said Turkish forces had no intention of staying in Syria once the area had been cleared of both Daesh and Kurdish YPG militia fighters, whom Turkey sees as a hostile force.
However many experts noted that questions remain over how Turkish-backed forces will liberate the city, as US-backed Kurdish YPG units (Kurdish People's Protection Units, also known as the People's Defense Units or YPG) are already on their way to Raqqa.
According to the Turkish Daily Sabah, despite the promise of President Erdoğan, "the situation on the ground is much more complicated than on paper."
The YPG, it notes, has received "significant backing from the United States. The Obama administration provided arms, weapons and ammunition to the YPG as well as aerial support. US support for the YPG played a crucial role in the group's advance toward Raqqa."
While Ankara seeks to move on to Raqqa and liberate the city from Daesh, the YPG could be on its way to the city center shortly, it notes.
"Amid Ankara's assertive approach to capture Raqqa, questions loom about how a Turkish-backed offensive could be launched if the YPG is already there," it further questions.
A Russian political and military analyst, Anton Mardasov, the Head of the Department of Middle Eastern Conflicts of the Moscow-based Institute of Innovative Development, has commented on the issue.
"Turkey has submitted its plan for the future of Syria's northern territories to the US-led coalition," they told RT.
"The representatives of the US Central Command (CENTCOM) have recently admitted that they have received certain suggestions from the Turks, which however did not satisfy all the members of the coalition," they added.
The expert also commented on recent reports that the administration of the new US president has turned down the plan of the previous administration for the liberation of Raqqa.
Earlier this month, The Washington Post published a lengthy article entitled Obama's White House worked for months on a plan to seize Raqqa. Trump's team took a brief look and decided not to pull the trigger." It explained that the military operation of the previous US team, which they had been working on for a long while, came down to using the Syrian Kurds as their allies in the liberation of Raqqa, arming them for the assault "with armored vehicles, antitank weapons, Russian-made machine guns and mine-clearing equipment."
The decision, however, risked very serious diplomatic consequences with Turkey, who, the previous administration knew only too well, "would be furious, as the Turks viewed the Kurdish fighters as terrorists and their No. 1 enemy."
"The Pentagon needed to find local partners in a hurry, and the Syrian Kurds stepped forward. The budding US battlefield alliance with the Kurds carried big strategic risks. The Kurdish fighters who volunteered to help the Americans had ties to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which the Turkish and US governments considered a terrorist group," the outlet explained.
© AFP 2016/ DELIL SOULEIMAN Kurds Determined to Fully Liberate Syria's Raqqa From Daesh
The plan was then handed over to Trump's team.
"Instead of running with the plan, Trump's national security team deemed it wholly insufficient and swiftly tossed it," the newspaper said.
Since then, the Trump administration has not made any move or statement indicating any shift from the previous administration's intentions.
Commenting on the issue, Madrasov suggested that the plan will most likely be reconsidered.
"The old rules of the game continue working by inertia: the Kurds are advancing, thus winning favorable conditions for further negotiations," the military analyst explained.
They also suggested that the YPG will soon stop their assault and it will be further continued by Turkish-backed Arab units. Ankara meanwhile will send its troops towards Raqqa along western coast of the Euphrates.
Such developments, they suggest, will cause sharp dissatisfaction in Damascus.
"Hence I think that such an offensive to liberate Raqqa, suggested by Turkey, will be impossible to implement without coordination with Russia," Mardasov said.
However, they further noted that an idea of creating of a safe zone, proposed by Erdoğan and Trump, echoes Moscow's approach towards the settlement of the Syrian crisis.
"The major aim of creating a safe zone is to accommodate refugees and define spheres of influence. Such safe zones are really necessary as Damascus does not have enough forces to control the whole territory of the country and it can't wage the war forever," they stated.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
​The man who plowed a van into a crowded Toronto street on Monday, killing 10 people and injuring 15, wrote a Facebook post announcing an "incel rebellion" and hailing the UC Santa Barbara shooter shortly before carrying out the attack. "Incel" is the name adopted by an online community of men who consider themselves "involuntarily celibate" and advocate violence against women. The killer's Facebook post was first reported by the Canadian news network Global News and has been confirmed as real by Facebook.
Alek Minassian's Facebook profile page has been deleted by Facebook, but an archived copy remains online. Minassian apparently posted the following message shortly before the attack, at 1:27 PM local time:
Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!
[via Global News]
This post contains a number of disturbing references. 4chan, as you probably know, is a popular message board where alt-rightists and other people with abhorrent political beliefs congregate. "Chads and Stacys" are terms used in the incel community to refer to conventionally attractive men and women who are sexually active. And Elliot Rodger is the man who killed six people and injured 13 others in Santa Barbara in 2014. Rodger also identified as an "incel" and has become a semi-ironic hero in the incel community since then.
The r/Incels subreddit was banned from Reddit last November for violating the site's policy prohibiting content that "encourages, glorifies, incites or calls for violence or physical harm against an individual or group of people." As the Guardian reported at the time,
[P]opular posts from the last few months include ones titled "all women are sluts"; "proof that girls are nothing but trash that use men" and "reasons why women are the embodiment of evil".
Members describe women as "femoids" and the men they have sex with as "chads". There are many examples, documented on a watchdog subreddit called IncelTears, where incels have condoned or advocated rape, or described it as a made-up construct.
[The Guardian]
Although the r/Incels subreddit no longer exists, men who call themselves incels have taken their hate to other forums. David Futrelle, a reporter who closely follows the incel community, reports that users on the Incels.me forum have been praising Minassian since learning that they identified as an incel:
"Spread that name, speak of their sacrifice for our cause, worship them for they gave their lives for our future," wrote one anonymous user, per a screenshot taken by Futrelle. "Wonder if they have posted here lmao," wrote another.
Minassian was arrested shortly after the attack occurred and was formally charged this morning with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
The city now has a shortlist of would-be redevelopers for Pier 8.
Five consortiums of architects and builders will now be asked to submit detailed proposals for the 5.24-hectare waterfront area the city hopes will morph into a new 1,500-unit community with new commercial and institutional space.
The request for proposal process is expected to wrap up in 2018.
Shortlisted bidders include consortiums with a mix of local and GTA-based partners:
New figures show investors have been further squeezed out of a housing market they once hogged.
Economists expect regulatory pressures on loans once favoured by investors, like interest-only, are placing persistent pressure on the investor sector.
JP Morgan economist Henry St John also believes the banking royal commission has been a catalyst for these dynamics to play out more quickly than otherwise expected as banks tighten their lending criteria.
"Falling house prices will also exacerbate the slowdown in investor credit growth," they said.
Reserve Bank figures released on Thursday show credit for housing investment grew by just 0.1 per cent in April, dragging the annual rate down for the third month in a row to 2.3 per cent.
This is well below the most recent annual peak of 10.8 per cent seen three years ago.
In comparison, housing credit among owner-occupiers rose 0.5 per cent in April for an annual pace of 8.6 per cent.
However, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has warned the high indebtedness of Australian households does pose a risk to an otherwise rosy economic outlook.
"Unexpectedly large corrections in house prices would reduce household wealth and could cut consumption and damage the construction sector," the OECD said in its latest Economic Outlook released in Paris on Wednesday.
It expects a pick-up in business investment and exports will help boost economic growth, alongside government investment in roads and other infrastructure projects.
It sees economic growth accelerating to around three per cent this year and next, much in line with the Reserve Bank and Treasury's predictions.
Treasurer Scott Morrison jumped on the report saying it was an endorsement of the forecasts in the federal budget released earlier this month.
They noted the OECD makes reference to government debt falling while spending controls and revenue integrity measures were helping to balance the books.
"That is a pretty strong endorsement," Mr Morrison told parliament.
Other data released on Thursday suggests the economy is on course to fulfil growth forecasts.
Capital expenditure by private businesses grew by 0.4 per cent in the first three months of 2018.
While this was smaller than the one per cent expected by economists, the 'equipment, plant and machinery' component that feeds directly into the national accounts rose 2.5 per cent and a healthy 9.3 per cent over the year.
The March quarter national accounts are due next Wednesday.
At this stage, economists are forecasting the economy expanded by a solid 0.8 per cent in the quarter, double the rate seen in the final three months of 2017.
This would lift the annual rate to 2.7 per cent from 2.4 per cent previously.
Economists will finalise their forecasts after company profits, inventories, international trade and government spending data are released early next week.
A woman looks at items outside an outlet store at a shopping district in Tokyo, Japan, February 25, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
Workers are seen at an assembly line of Honda Motor Co.'s motorcycles at Honda's Kumamoto factory in Ozu town, Kumamoto prefecture, Japan, September 13, 2016. REUTERS/Naomi Tajitsu
TOKYO Japanese factory output rose at the fastest pace in eight months and the jobless rate hit a two-decade low in February, a sign a rebound in overseas demand continued to brighten prospects for the country's export-reliant economy.
But household spending remained soft and consumer inflation was flat when stripping away the effect of rising energy costs, underscoring the challenges the Bank of Japan faces in generating sustained price rises backed by steady wage growth.
The data may reinforce market expectations that while the BOJ's next policy move could be to withdraw its massive stimulus, the timing would be some time away, analysts said.
"We can tell that Japan's economy is benefiting from a cyclical pickup in the global economy," said Masamichi Adachi, senior Japan economist at JPMorgan Securities.
"But corporates are reluctant to raise prices because consumption is weak ... The simple answer for the government and the BOJ is to wait and see."
Industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month, beating market forecasts for a 1.2 percent gain to mark the biggest increase since June last year, as automakers ramped up production of new models, data showed on Friday.
Separate figures showed Japan's jobless rate hit a 22-year low of 2.8 percent in February, down 0.2 percentage point from the previous month.
But household spending fell 3.8 percent in February from a year earlier, a bigger decline than market forecasts for a 1.7 percent drop, suggesting a tightening labour market has yet to drive up wages enough to boost consumption.
ECONOMY GOOD, PRICES WEAK
A rebound in energy costs pushed core consumer inflation to 0.2 percent in February, matching a median market forecast and marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years.
But a separate consumer price index that excludes the effect of volatile fresh food and energy costs rose just 0.1 percent in February, suggesting that weak consumption was preventing companies from raising prices of non-energy items.
Tokyo core consumer prices, which are less influenced by gasoline costs and released a month ahead of nationwide figures, fell 0.4 percent in March from a year earlier. That was bigger than a 0.3 percent drop in February.
"While we still think price growth will continue to pick up, it's true the underlying trend isn't that strong," said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute.
"Depending on oil and yen moves, it may take longer than expected for inflation to approach 1 percent," they said.
Japan's long-stagnant economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand.
Analysts expect consumer inflation to accelerate near 1 percent later this year as the base effect of last year's oil price falls dissipates.
That has led to a dramatic shift in market expectations, with a majority of analysts polled by Reuters predicting the BOJ's next move would be to start scaling back its stimulus.
With inflation far from their 2 percent target, however, BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has stressed that they see "no reason" to dial back the bank's massive stimulus programme anytime soon.
BOJ officials have stressed that they would look at various data, not just the core consumer price figures, in determining whether underlying trend inflation is accelerating backed by solid economic growth. They argue that wage rises must accompany price gains for inflation to sustainably hit 2 percent.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Eric Meijer)
* Euro dips as ECB appears wary of changing language
* Dollar rises as Fed speakers remind markets of rate hike plans
* Sterling dips as Britain formally launches Brexit (New throughout, changes dateline, previous LONDON)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, March 29 The dollar rose to its highest in more than a week on Wednesday on outlooks for U.S. and European interest rates and as investors saw the selloff on U.S. President Donald Trump's healthcare setback as overdone.
Reuters reported European Central Bank policymakers were wary of changing their policy message after tweaks this month upset investors and raised chances of a surge in borrowing costs.
The euro fell to $1.0741 following the report, its lowest since March 21. That propelled the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of rival currencies, to 100.130, its highest since March 21.
The dollar also got a boost from Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said they were in line with most of their colleagues in supporting further rate hikes this year. Evans is known as one of the Fed's most consistent supporters of low interest rates.
The dollar fell to its lowest in four months on Friday after the U.S. House of Representatives pulled a bill to rewrite the American healthcare system backed by President Donald Trump. Investors saw it as an indication Trump was likely to have difficulty with other parts of their agenda including tax reform and fiscal spending that are likely to increase U.S. inflation.
Those fears may have been overdone, analysts said, and with Fed officials still lining up to support further interest rate hikes, the dollar is on solid footing.
"The selloff in the dollar that we saw in reaction to the news Friday was probably a bit of an overreaction," said Shaun Osborne, currency strategist at Scotia Capital in Toronto. "The underlying faith in the reflation trade is coming back a little bit today."
Osborne also pointed to technical factors in the dollar/euro trade as the euro has approached the $1.09 mark.
"It really boils down to the fact that the euro rallied, it turned around and it's pretty expensive to be short dollars at this point," they said.
The United States has higher interest rates than the euro zone, which means traders lose money by holding positions that are long euro and short dollar. The Fed recently raised its overnight interest rate to a range of 0.75 to 1.00 percent while the ECB holds negative rates on some deposits.
Adding to pressure on European currencies, Britain invoked Article 50 on Wednesday, officially beginning its exit from the European Union.
Sterling was down 0.15 percent at $1.2431.
(Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Andrew Hay)
CTV Atlantic
The family of a woman originally from Saint John says they haven't seen them in more than four months, resulting in a public appeal for information.
Shannon Mary Sullivan suddenly left their job in Toronto back in mid-February, taking all of their things from their condo. Them family says it was highly unusual for them to do that.
"Sick to my stomach,” says Sullivan's brother, Terence Sullivan. “It keeps me awake at night. It makes me wonder where they are."
Terence Sullivan says their sister had an accomplished career in pharmacology. They say Shannon is a kind, intelligent and avid traveller.
"She hasn't been on social media. There's limited information you can get from their banks, but there's been zero activity on Shannon," Terence Sullivan says.
A few early messages in late February from Shannon indicated they were fearful for their financial security and that their electronic devices might have been hacked. Toronto police determined they rented a car from the Amsterdam airport in early March, but abandoned it in a mall parking lot shortly after.
“In the email that Shannon sends to their employer in February regarding this issue, they feel that someone has entered the vehicle and perhaps tampered with it. They don't feel safe to go back into the vehicle," says Terence Sullivan.
Shannon's longtime friends have also tried to reach out to them multiple times with no response.
"The limited contact they had early on were all quite concerning, suggesting to me that they aren't ok, that they are in a state of distress," says Shannon's friend Nadine Blum.
"She's very much an introvert,” says Shannon's friend Elsie Yu. “I can see how they would do that, but ... they do have some friends that they can talk to."
Terence has made a trip to Toronto to meet with Shannon's employer, the police and their property manager. They say based on the evidence they and their family has gathered, they believe Shannon is under mental duress.
"We believe no one has them She's not under duress that way. However, the fact that their mental faculties have been compromised almost certainly led a greater sense of urgency into finding her," Terence says.
Shannon's family and friends have set up a Facebook page hoping to find them and bring their home safe.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Mary Cranston.
President Donald Trump refused to say on Friday whether they would dismiss the top Justice Department official overseeing the Russia investigation after declassifying a disputed Republican memo they alleged demonstrated disgraceful behavior.
Scroll for more content...
"You figure that one out," Trump said with a scowl when asked by reporters in the Oval Office if they were considering firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Reporters also asked if they retained confidence in Rosenstein; Trump was responding to both questions with their terse reply.
Rosenstein assumed oversight of the Russia investigation after Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from Russia-related matters last year. Trump has fumed about the ongoing probe, declaring it a "witch hunt" concocted by Democrats to damage them politically.
Trump had hoped the controversial Republican memo, crafted by the staff of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, would help discredit top officials at the FBI and Justice Department, thereby undermining the Russia investigation.
The memo states that Rosenstein -- who was elevated under Trump -- signed off on at least one FISA application for former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page. Rosenstein's role in renewing the FISA warrants has sparked Trump's ire.
Without naming Rosenstein specifically, Trump bemoaned what they claimed was disgraceful behavior during a photo opportunity in the Oval Office.
"I think it is a disgrace what is happening in our country and when you look at that and you see that and so many other things what is going on, a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that," Trump said.
As CNN has previously reported, the President has vented recently about wanting to fire Rosenstein. But for now, it remains unclear whether he's willing to take such an extraordinary step, particularly given the consequences they faced after dismissing former FBI Director James Comey.
White House aides declined to comment Friday on Rosenstein's standing. One official said the President blames Rosenstein for the current state of the Russia probe and "is unlikely to ever get beyond it."
But a Republican who speaks to the President said it remained far from certain whether they would actually purge Rosenstein, considering Trump "does more venting than firing."
He's been told by advisers dismissing Rosenstein would be fraught with peril.
In a statement on Friday, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the memo "raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens."
Sanders didn't offer clarity on Rosenstein's future, but said Trump has "great respect" for law enforcement officials and members of the US intelligence community.
"He is especially grateful to the hardworking rank-and-file public servants who work every day to keep America safe and uphold our laws while protecting the constitutional rights of all Americans," Sanders wrote.
In a letter to Trump on Friday, top Senate and House Democrats warned the President that using the newly released Memo as a pretext to fire either special counsel Robert Mueller or Rosenstein would be met with grave consequences.
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre," the lawmakers wrote, referencing the 1973 episode that saw the departures of top officials from President Richard Nixon's Justice Department during the Watergate investigation.
But even if the President did fire Rosenstein, the Mueller investigation wouldn't simply go away. And there's no sense that Rachel Brand, the current No. 3 at the Justice Department, would be viewed any more favorably by Trump. Brand, the associate attorney general, is also a Republican from the Bush era.
Earlier Friday, Sessions themselves broke with Trump, going off-script during remarks about human trafficking to praise their deputy, declaring that Rosenstein -- along with Brand -- "both represent the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department."
Trump had a short window to allow the release of the previously classified memo after the House intelligence panel voted along party lines to release it on Monday. The White House said they conducted a thorough national security and legal review before clearing the way for the memo's public disclosure.
But in reality, Trump has long pushed for the memo to be made public. They have told associates the document could undercut the FBI Russia investigation led by Mueller. Their views have been validated by a chorus of conservative voices, including those on Fox News, which they watch regularly.
In a letter to lawmakers that accompanied the memo, Trump's top lawyer wrote the decision came because of the "significant public interest" in the document.
"The President understands that the protection of our national security represents their highest obligation," White House counsel Don McGahn wrote in the letter, which was dated Friday. But they went on to declare that established standards set by past presidents "permit declassification when the public interest in disclosure outweighs any need to protect the information."
McGahn wrote the review process included input from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Justice Department. And they underscored the document "reflects the judgments of its congressional authors" and not necessarily the White House.
Following the release of House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes' memo on Friday, Democratic leaders in Congress sent a letter to President Donald Trump warning them not to use the document as a reason to fire those in charge of the Russia probe — Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and special counsel Robert Mueller.
The Democrats cited reports that Trump has told friends and aides that they could use the memo to discredit the Russia probe. As the Washington Post reported, Trump told aides that the memo might give them a reason to fire Rosenstein, and they have told friends that it could prove that Mueller's investigation is a “witch hunt.”
“We are alarmed by reports that you may intend to use this misleading document as a pretext to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, in an effort to corruptly influence or impede Special Counsel Bob Mueller's investigation,” the Democrats wrote in the letter.
“We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation. Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre,” they added.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) signed the letter, along with several other Democrats in Congress.
The push to release the memo has sparked concern that Trump could use it to fire Rosenstein and replace them with someone more willing to reign in Mueller's probe. Reporting indicates Trump is unhappy with Rosenstein and has increasingly focused their anger over the Russia probe at the deputy attorney general. The President also reportedly asked Rosenstein in December whether they were “on my team.”
The full text of the letter is below:
Police officers are seen outside Ploschad Revolyutsii (Revolution Square) metro station in Moscow, Russia, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russian security agencies found an explosive device at a metro station in central St Petersburg and made it safe, the National Anti-Terrorist Committee said in a statement on Monday.
The device was found at the "Ploshchad Vosstaniya" metro station, a different location from where a blast earlier took place.
The Committee also said that nine people were killed and 20 injured in the blast, which took place as a train traveled between the "Sennaya Ploshchad" and "Tekhnologichesky Institut" stations.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; Writing by Christian Lowe; editing by Sujata Rao)
Gulfport High School will be hosting the Class 6A South State Powerlifting Championships beginning 11 a.m. Saturday at Bert Jenkins Gymnasium.
LONDON — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
SHERIDAN COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on numerous charges after a Thursday night chase and Friday morning arrest.
Just after 10:30p.m. Thursday, an officer with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office attempted to make a traffic stop on a 1994 Ford Explorer for a stop sign violation in Selden.
After the officer initiated their emergency lights and sirens, the vehicle sped away at a high rate of speed. The chase traveled into southern Decatur County and then back into Sheridan County, according to a social media report.
Once the vehicle made it back into Selden, the suspect drove to residence in Selden where they had living.
The suspect then turned their vehicle into the officer's patrol vehicle. The officer gave orders for the suspect to get out of the vehicle.
The suspect ignored these orders, backed their vehicle away from the officer and then revved their motor towards the officer.
The officer then fired four (4) rounds at the suspect vehicle. A short pursuit ensued again for a couple of blocks, where the suspect wrecked the vehicle and then fled on foot.
Officers from the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office, Kansas Highway Patrol, Hoxie Police Department,
Thomas County Sheriff's Office, and Decatur County Sheriff's Office established a perimeter and searched numerous areas within Selden.
Just after 4a.m. the Sheridan County Communication Center received information that the suspect was at a residence on Main Street in Selden.
After officers with the Sheridan County Sheriff's Office arrived, they established a perimeter, entry was made into the residence. The suspect once again did not comply with orders and an officer deployed their Taser. The suspect was placed under arrest without further incident. Police reported no injuries.
The suspect is being held at the Sheridan County Jail pending formal charges and the investigation is ongoing. Police did not release the name of the suspect.
× Middle-aged man hospitalized with flu surprised over the severity this season
BELLINGHAM, Wash. — Flu cases continue to rise in Washington and state health officials say we haven't even hit the peak.
As of Friday, 132 people have died from lab-confirmed influenza.
You often hear about sick children and elderly people getting sick with the flu every year. That's still true this year, but what doctors are also seeing at one local hospital is seemingly healthy middle-aged people getting hit hard, too.
That's why the message is to take symptoms seriously, know your body and know when to seek medical attention.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
On Friday, Q13 News got access inside PeaceHealth St. Joseph Medical Center where Greg Gebhardt is recovering in a hospital bed.
“Sleeping, showering when I have the strength, eating complaining,” Gebhardt said.
Gebhardt has been hospitalized for eight days, not because of some surgery or a rare disease. It's just the common flu.
“It's still hanging in there and it's been eight days,” Gebhardt said.
Typically, the vulnerable population is the elderly or the very young ,but Gebhardt is neither at 53 years old.
“I am in pretty good shape, you know? I do a lot of walking, I stay in shape,” Gebhardt said.
He's surprised he's hospitalized but Dr. Kevin Lee personally knows how deadly the flu can be.
“Probably a quarter of my patients have the flu,” Lee said.
The hospital has been inundated with influenza patients this season.
They've even had to stage extra beds in the hallways at its ER this season.
So far several people have died from complications of the flu at the hospital, including a 25-year-old patient.
“It's concerning, that's why the flu epidemic this season is a big deal for us,” Lee said.
“I never realized it was a 25-year-old here. I am twice the age. I guess I am glad I did go to the hospital,” Gebhardt said.
The flu hit Gebhardt's lungs pretty hard and it's painful to breathe for him.
With the help of an IV drip, antibiotics and 24 hour care, Gebhardt is slowly recovering.
Because of the medical scare, Gebhardt says they will never take the common flu for granted.
“Everybody is getting it the worst I've ever seen it,” Gebhardt said.
Doctors say it never hurts to go to a primary care physician if you are worried about flu symptoms.
But you need to seek emergency care if you feel dizzy, have trouble breathing and keeping fluids down.
If you feel worse after a couple of days, also go to the ER.
If you get better but then symptoms come back, again, that could be a bad sign.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Guam posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack after a threat from North Korea to fire missiles in the vicinity of the U.S. Pacific territory.
Pyongyang's state-run KCNA news agency said on Thursday its army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land near Guam as North Korea and the United States engaged in increasingly heated rhetoric this week over the North's nuclear weapons programme.
North Korea did not threaten Guam with a nuclear attack, but the crisis between Pyongyang and the United States has stirred fears that a nuclear conflict could break out in the region.
While the governor of Guam shrugged off the North's missile warning and said there was no heightened threat, the government has issued a preparedness fact sheet.
In language that evoked the spectre of nuclear conflict during the Cold War, the guidelines cover what to do before, during and after a nuclear attack.
"Do not look at the flash or fireball – It can blind you," it said. "Take cover behind anything that might offer protection."
"Remove your clothing to keep radioactive material from spreading. Removing the outer layer of clothing can remove up to 90% of radioactive material," read the guidelines of what to do if caught outside.
They suggest having an emergency plan and supply kit and making a list of potential concrete structures near home, work and school to serve as fallout shelters.
"Fallout shelters do not need to be specifically constructed for protecting against fallout," it said. "They can be protected space, provided that the walls and roof are thick and dense enough (i.e. concrete) to absorb radiation given off by fallout particles."
A floater in the shape of a swan is pictured along with tourists on the island of Guam, a U.S. Pacific Territory, August 12, 2017. Erik De Castro
The fact sheet advises people on how to wash: do not scrub or scratch the skin, use soap, shampoo and water but do not put not conditioner on your hair because it binds radioactive material.
It offers advice for parents who are away from their children during a strike.
"Stay where you are, even if you are separated from your family," it said. "Listen to the news. Do not call the school. Be patient. Wait for instructions to pick up your child."
Guam's national rowing team practice on the waters off Tamuning City on the island of Guam, a U.S. Pacific Territory, August 12, 2017. Erik De Castro
The information on the fact sheet was gathered from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security website www.ready.gov, a Guam Homeland Security spokesperson told the Pacific Daily News.
Guam is home to about 163,000 people and a U.S. military base that includes a submarine squadron, an air base and a Coast Guard group.
(For a graphic on North Korean missile trajectories, ranges click tmsnrt.rs/2hIzZHG)
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday warned North Korea against threatening Guam and said on Friday that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely."
Asked about Trump's tough posture, Guam Governor Eddie Calvo said they agreed with sending a clear message to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has ramped up their country's tests of missiles and nuclear bombs.
"Though I don't want the temperature to get any higher, I think it's important also that there is clarity and that if there is an attack on any American soil including Guam, that it will be met with overwhelming response," Calvo told reporters on Friday. "I don't have any problem with that."
April 10 SE Holdings and Incubations Co Ltd
* Says it will sell 1,327 shares (a 97.8 percent stake) of unit INC United Co.,Ltd. to Runsystem Co. Ltd ,for 78.2 million yen
* Says it will hold no stakes in INC United Co.,Ltd. after the transaction
* Transaction effective on May 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/5bKZym
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The Government of Canada is using an historic increase in snow crab biomass in the Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence to increase Indigenous access to this fishery during the 2017 season.
Dominic LeBlanc, Minister of Fisheries, Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard, announced April 12 that the management decision for Crab Fishing Areas (CFA) 12, 12E, 12F, and 19. The decision includes a one-time setting aside of up to 1,100 tonnes from CFAs 12 and 19 for Indigenous groups in the area to increase Indigenous access to the fishery.
The Total Allowable Catch (TAC) amount is the highest in Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence (SGSL) history because of a rare occurrence with the species which resulted in a significant increase of the snow crab biomass this year. The biomass is expected to return to normal in the following years.
The Government of Canada is using this rare opportunity to provide Indigenous communities in the area with increased access to the fishery. This decision demonstrates the Government's commitment to reconciliation and strengthening the nation-to-nation relationship with Canada's Indigenous peoples. Providing additional access to the fishery in 2017 will provide economic benefits to Indigenous groups in the area and the means to build capacity and secure more permanent access in coming years as traditional fishermen retire from the industry.
Current harvesters will also see significant benefits during this particularly lucrative year, including a historic increase in quota and forecasted market value.
DFO met with industry and Indigenous groups during the SGSL Snow Crab Advisory Committee meeting on February 28, 2017 and March 1, 2017. Discussions included establishing the 2017 TAC using the harvest decision rules, a renewed collaborative agreement to conduct the snow crab trawl survey, and other key management measures.
The TAC for Crab Fishing Areas (CFA) 12, 12E, 12F, and 19 has been set at 43,822 tonnes (t) for 2017, in line with DFO's Precautionary Approach and harvest decision rules developed in collaboration with industry and Indigenous groups. In 2016, the TAC for these areas was set at 21,758.96 tonnes.
The 2017 TAC constitutes the highest in history in the Southern Gulf, however science has indicated the biomass levels will return to normal for the 2018 fishery.
The large increase in the TAC is a result of a high number of crab that did not moult in 2015, resulting in a decreased TAC in 2016. Subsequently, the 2015 cohort moulted in 2016 and is responsible for the current increase in biomass of commercial size snow crab for 2017.
Daniel Coleman, CEO of KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG), speaks at the Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Global Exchange and Brokerage Conference in New York, June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT.O) said it would buy rival KCG Holdings Inc (KCG.N) in a $1.4 billion deal that brings together two major U.S. electronic trading and market-making firms.
The deal comes at a difficult time for high-frequency trading as low volatility squeezes the profits it can make from rapid-fire trades.
Virtu's offer of $20 per share represents a 12.7 percent premium to KCG's Wednesday close.
Shares of KCG hit a record high of $19.73 before ending up 11.3 percent, while shares of Virtu rose 10 percent.
"KCG fits perfectly with Virtu's strategic priorities to apply our market making and technological expertise to customer wholesale order flow and expand Virtu's growing agency execution business," Virtu Chief Executive Douglas Cifu said in a statement.
KCG was formed in December 2012 from the merger of New Jersey-based Knight Capital Group, a pioneer of electronic market making, and Chicago-based Getco LLC.
Virtu makes markets in 36 countries and 12,000 financial instruments, continuously quoting buy and sell prices for others to trade against, profiting off the bid-offer spread, using high-frequency trading (HFT) strategies.
HFTs use sophisticated technology and algorithms to trade stocks and other assets at near-light speed and are responsible for around half of the volume in U.S. equities and Treasuries, and nearly that in spot foreign exchange.
Virtu said it expects to migrate trading of the combined company onto a single platform.
The deal will be financed through stock sale worth $750 million to private equity firm North Island and Temasek and borrowings of $1.65 billion from JPMorgan Securities LLC.
The combined company will be led by Cifu. Robert Greifeld and Glenn Hutchins, principals at North Island, will join the board after the deal.
KCG also reported an 88 percent fall in first-quarter profit, hurt by low market volatility.
The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter after approval from KCG shareholders and regulators.
JPMorgan Securities was the lead financial adviser to Virtu, while KCG was advised by Goldman Sachs.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
WA Spokane WA Zone Forecast
WA Spokane WA Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
552 FPUS56 KOTX 040908
ZFPOTX
Zone Forecast Product for Eastern Washington and North Idaho
National Weather Service Spokane WA
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
WAZ031-050000-
Northeast Blue Mountains-
Including the cities of Anatone and Peola
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny in the morning, becoming mostly cloudy. Highs in
the upper 70s to lower 80s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows in
the upper 50s to lower 60s.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs in the upper 80s to mid 90s.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs in the 80s.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the mid to upper 50s.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs in the 70s.
Lows in the 50s.
.SUNDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the upper 70s to
upper 80s. Lows in the 50s.
$$
WAZ034-035-050000-
Moses Lake Area-Upper Columbia Basin-
Including the cities of Moses Lake, Ephrata, Othello, Quincy,
Ritzville, Grand Coulee, Odessa, Wilbur, and Coulee City
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Increasing clouds. Highs in the lower to mid 80s.
Breezy. Northeast wind 10 to 20 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid to upper 50s. Northeast
wind 5 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs in the lower to mid 90s. East
wind 5 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s to lower
60s. West wind 5 to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 80s to lower 90s. Southwest
wind 5 to 15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Breezy. Partly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the mid to upper 50s.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs in the upper
70s to lower 80s. Lows in the 50s.
.SUNDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the lower 80s to
lower 90s. Lows in the 50s.
$$
WAZ037-038-050000-
Northeast Mountains-Okanogan Highlands-
Including the cities of Colville, Deer Park, Chewelah, Newport,
Kettle Falls, Republic, Inchelium, and Wauconda
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s to lower 80s. Northeast
wind 5 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows in the upper 40s to mid 50s. Gusts
up to 20 mph in the evening.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs in the lower to mid 90s.
Northeast wind 5 to 15 mph in the morning, becoming light.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s to lower 60s.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid to upper 80s.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a 30 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Highs in the mid to
upper 70s. Lows in the upper 40s to mid 50s.
.SUNDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the upper 70s to
upper 80s. Lows in the upper 40s to mid 50s.
$$
WAZ041-044-050000-
Wenatchee Area-Waterville Plateau-
Including the cities of Wenatchee, Chelan, Entiat, Cashmere,
Waterville, and Mansfield
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny in the morning, becoming partly cloudy. Highs in
the upper 70s to lower 80s. East wind 5 to 15 mph in the
afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s to lower 60s.
Northeast wind 5 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs in the lower to mid 90s. North
wind 5 to 15 mph in the morning, becoming light.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s to lower
60s.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid to upper 80s. West wind 5 to
15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Breezy. Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the mid 70s to
mid 80s. Lows in the 50s.
$$
WAZ042-050000-
East Slopes Northern Cascades-
Including the cities of Leavenworth, Mazama, Twisp, Winthrop,
Stehekin, and Conconully
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to lower 80s. East wind 5 to
15 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A 20 percent chance of rain showers in
the evening. Lows in the 50s. Gusts up to 20 mph in the evening.
.THURSDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning, becoming sunny. Warmer.
Highs in the upper 80s to lower 90s.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s to lower 60s.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs in the 80s.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
.SATURDAY...Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of rain
showers. Highs in the 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper
40s to mid 50s. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s.
$$
WAZ043-050000-
Okanogan Valley-
Including the cities of Omak, Okanogan, Brewster, Bridgeport,
Oroville, and Nespelem
208 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s to lower 80s. Northeast
wind 5 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid to upper 50s. Northeast
wind 5 to 15 mph in the evening, becoming light.
.THURSDAY...Sunny, warmer. Highs in the upper 80s to mid 90s.
North wind 5 to 15 mph in the morning, becoming light.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s to lower
60s.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 80s to lower 90s.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Breezy. Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Lows in the 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs in the upper 70s
to upper 80s. Lows in the 50s.
$$
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With file from The Canadian Press
A Kilgore woman has pleaded guilty to killing their mother and has accepted a 35-year prison sentence.
Kayla Ann Wheeler, 29, entered the plea in Judge David Brabham's courtroom Monday. They had been scheduled for jury selection.
Wheeler was arrested in November 2016 after police responded to a body call in Hidden Hills Apartments in Longview. Police say the body of Elizabeth Jane Wheeler, 52, had been in the apartment for several days and officers were notified by the apartment complex management team.
According to a probable cause for arrest, Wheeler initially arrived at the location asking about their mother. They voluntarily agreed to be interviewed.
During the course of that interview, Wheeler "admitted to stabbing their mother in the neck with a knife following a physical altercation with their mother," the document reads.
They told detectives, "It was me. I killed her."
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
[India], July 4 (ANI): Union Minister Piyush Goyal on Wednesday ruled out Aam Aadmi Party's coal stock crisis at Delhi-based thermal power plants and urged the Arvind Kejriwal-led government to focus on strengthening distribution infrastructure to meet electricity demand for future.
"There is no shortage of coal or electricity in Delhi. State government should focus on strengthening distribution infrastructure and implement plans to meet demands of future, or else the situation will stay the same for the forthcoming governments too," Goyal said at an event here.
This comes after Delhi Power Minister Satyendar Jain in a letter to Centre last week said few thermal power plants in city have been facing an "acute coal shortage" for many days. They said that Delhi was staring at a power blackout due to less availability coal stockpiles at power plants in the city. (ANI)
TACOMA, Wash. — In the first six months of 2017, Pierce County sheriff's deputies say an analysis of the crime statistics shows armed robberies and home burglaries are down.
Detectives say one reason may be that more people have surveillance and security systems in their homes, which makes for harder targets for crooks. The department's Property Crime Unit is also seeing success.
“We're able to go out and actively work these people, hold them responsible, put them in jail and we see our crime numbers dropping,” said Detective Ed Troyer.
However, the numbers aren't all good. While armed robbery is down 22% and residential burglary is 33% lower, mail theft is up 20% and shoplifting has increased 45%. Deputies say you can link those crimes to heroin possession, which is up 12% year to date.
“Unfortunately, with the heroin use going up dramatically, you have these people who have to supply their habits. They are not usually the type that are going to go and kick your door in and drive around and do major residential burglaries but they are going to steal your mail. They're going to steal your lawnmower. They're going to steal your bike and probably anything else you don't have tied down because a good hit of heroin is only 5 bucks and if they can steal something worth a couple of $100 and they can get $5 for it, they will,” Troyer said.
Domestic violence aggravated assaults are up 12% and DV harassment order violations have increased 31%.
“That doesn't necessarily mean domestic violence is actually up. It could mean more people are reporting it now, which is a good thing,” Troyer said.
AT LEAST a dozen people have been injured and a man is fighting for life after a serious multi-car crash in Melbourne, leaving evening commuters stuck in traffic.
Ambulance officers are currently on the Sydney Road and Ring Road scene, where it's believed up to 11 vehicles, including a truck, have collided.
Victoria Police spokesperson Lauren Kells said one man, aged in their 40s, is in a critical condition.
“It is believed that a truck has collided with several vehicles and a traffic light while exiting the Western Ring Road at Sydney Road about 4.30pm,” they said.
“The male passenger of the first vehicle struck, believed to be in their 40s, has been transported to hospital with life-threatening injuries.”
Ambulance officers are attending to 13 people on the scene, including a primary school aged girl.
The young girl has been transported to the Royal Children's Hospital and remains in a stable condition.
Witness Charles Ayom said it was the “nastiest crash I've ever seen”.
Mr Ayom said the truck may have been speeding through to beat a red light.
“It was speeding and running a red light, because the turn arrow was already red and it sped through anyway,” they said.
Mr Ayom said a cyclist was among those injured in the crash.
“The truck hit two cars from the side and pushed one all the way to the ramp entering into the Metropolitan ring Rd,” they said.
“And a cyclist was hit at the lights”.
“Multiple victims are being treated for non-life threatening injuries. The 30-year-old male truck driver is being taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries,” Ms Kells said.
An Ambulance Victoria spokesperson said five people in total have been transported to hospital.
“A man aged in their 30s has been transported to the Austin Hospital and is currently in a stable condition. Another man in their 30s, also in a stable condition, has been to the Northern Hospital. Also, a man aged in their 50s has been taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a stable condition.”
MFB crews rescued two people who were trapped inside two vehicles, and required “specialist rescue equipment” to conduct the rescue.
A MFB spokesperson said up to 18 firefighters were on the scene.
A VicRoads spokesperson said all outbound lanes on Sydney Rd are closed and urged drivers to avoid the area.
“The entry ramp from Sydney Rd to the M80 Ring Rd heading towards Greensborough is closed.”
Emergency services remain on the scene.
Meanwhile, Melbourne's train system has been thrown into chaos after a police incident on the Sandringham line this afternoon.
Metro Trains confirmed the incident on Twitter.
“Sandringham line: Buses to replace trains Elsternwick-Sandringham,” the tweet said.
It's understood the incident took place at Brighton station.
Buses have been ordered to replace trains along the line, however it's expected to take over an hour for the services to arrive.
Trains at Richmond have also been affected, with some trains ordered not to move as emergency services control the scene.
Metro urged passengers to remain patient and not force their way out of trains.
“Parliament — Richmond: To those passengers on trains in between Parliament and Richmond stations, please do not attempt to force the doors or exit the trains as it is incredibly unsafe,” a Metro tweet said.
Services from Flinders Street to Elsternwick have reopened.
MORE TO COME
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
IT was already billed as the wedding of the year but the April nuptials of Rhonda Wyllie and Jeffrey Browne may have some karma to add to the glitz.
Confidential understands Boy George has been booked to headline the entertainment at the no-expense spared celebration.
George is in Australia until June filming the seventh season of The Voice alongside Delta Goodrum, Kelly Rowland and Joe Jonas.
Now it appears the Culture Club frontman will visit the Wyllie's 1526ha Murray River Farm in April to perform a special set for wedding guests that is bound to include their smash hit Karma Chameleon .
Former Nine Network boss Browne proposed to Wyllie, Australia's second-richest woman, at St Kilda's Cafe Di Stasio on Valentine's Day 2014.
After planning to tie the knot on Italy's Amalfi Coast, the pair decided on the Wyllie family farm in Coolup to make it easier for older family members to attend.
ORLANDO, Fla. – Staff members at a Florida hospital raced to save a tiny patient – and a little girl's Christmas – after the family dog attacked their Elf on the Shelf.
Orlando mother Jenn Thelen said they woke up to the screams of their 7-year-old daughter Aubrie after the family's German shepherd got ahold of the doll, whose name is Sam, according to a Facebook post Wednesday from the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children.
Despite the rosy cheeks and wide holiday smile, the elf's injuries were serious – the right arm had been completely severed and the left arm, right knee and face were lacerated. With more than two weeks to go before Christmas, Thelen, the nurse manager for the hospital's emergency department, told their daughter that the “special doctors” on the medical team could save Sam.
While at work that morning, they got some help from their coworkers and gathered expired medical supplies so they could film Sam being prepped for “surgery.” One of the rules of the Elf on the Shelf is that it may lose its magic if touched, so Thelen told Aubrie their team had “magic gloves” that let them work on him.
One of the ER team members stitched Sam back together, and, with a sprinkling of Christmas magic – also known as glitter – Sam was discharged in good condition.
“The magic of Christmas and Sam the Elf continues for Aubrie,” the hospital posted. “Sam is now back on their shelf and mom will definitely make sure that they are out of Zoey's reach.”
A 39-year-old was jailed for a month in Nicosia on Monday after they were caught speeding earlier this year.
They were found guilty of speeding and reckless and dangerous driving.
The man was caught doing 207 kilometres per hour on the Nicosia to Troodos motorway where the speed limit is 100 kilometres per hour.
KING COUNTY, Wash. – A Department of Natural Resources worker searching for a long-rumored “gingerbread treehouse” in Washington state's Snoqualmie National Forest found the house – and inside of it a cache of child pornography that led to a man's arrest.
Daniel M. Wood, 56, is facing child pornography charges in King County Superior Court after an FBI investigation tied them to the treehouse and dug up more child pornography in their Mill Creek home, according to court documents.
According to the Seattle Times, a summons was issued for Wood to appear in court March 26, and he's been ordered not to have contact with any minors.
According to court documents:
The DNR employee said he'd heard about the treehouse for years, and tried to find it five different times. Finally, in November 2016, they found what they described as “an elaborate treehouse that resembled a fairy or gingerbread house” about 8 feet off the ground. It was built illegally on federal land in the Snoqualmie National Forest.
Screwed to the walls inside the treehouse were framed pictures of young naked girls. There was also an envelope with more pictures of naked and scantily clad underage girls who appeared to be as young as 8.
They reported it to the King County Sheriff's Office and set off an investigation that would eventually involve the FBI.
A search and rescue volunteer who knew the area well told investigators that they had come across they cabin several times, and that he'd seen a Toyota FJ Cruiser parked nearby. They had the license plate number for the Toyota, and investigators tracked that to Wood's house.
Investigators gathered DNA evidence from a motorcycle parked outside Wood's house and from a cup they saw them drinking from, and matched that to DNA found inside the treehouse.
Investigators searched Wood's home and found an SD card that “contained thousands of images of child erotica and child pornography,” according to court documents.
Among the images on the card were photos of two young nude girls inside the treehouse, investigators said.
It's not clear if Wood or someone else built the cabin, which was constructed illegally, according to the court documents.
March 29 Heritage Oaks Bancorp :
* Shareholders of company approved company's merger with and into Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc.
* Merger of company with and into PPBI currently is expected to be consummated effective as of April 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki's lost to Daria Kasatkina 7-6 (2), 6-3 in the quarterfinals of the St. Petersburg Ladies Trophy on Friday.
Kasatkina came back from a break down to win the first set in a tiebreaker before speeding to a 3-0 lead over the top-ranked Wozniacki in the second set.
The eighth-seeded Kasatkina, the last Russian left in the draw, will face France's Kristina Mladenovic in Saturday's semifinals. Mladenovic defeated Katerina Siniakova 6-4, 6-3.
Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic continued their strong wild-card run with a 6-0, 6-2 win over French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Terming the meeting of Congress leaders with Pakistani officials as a "misadventure", Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday hit back at former prime minister Manmohan Singh who demanded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's apology for making accusation of treason against Congress leaders.
"Former prime minsiter Manmohan Singh has issued a statement asking Prime Minister Modi to apologise for what they said in an election rally with regard to a meeting involving Pakistani delegations. It is surprising that a misadventure the Congress Party indulged in, to which some of its senior most leaders became a party, they should expect the Prime Minister of India to apologise for it," Jaitley said in a joint press conference with fellow party member Ravi Shankar Prasad and Piyush Goyal.
Earlier in the day, Manmohan Singh dismissed Prime Minister Modi's allegation about their and other party leaders' meeting with Pakistani officials at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house with intentions to interfere in Gujarat elections, and said, "I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Shri Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Shri Modi. Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone else present at the dinner."
Singh also demanded that the Prime Minister must apologise to the nation "for their ill thought transgression, to restore the dignity of the office they occupy."
Responding to Singh's statement, Jaitley said that Congress should give a detailed account of what transpired in the meeting.
"Congress must come out with detailed facts about what transpired in that meeting and what was the necessity of having it under present circumstances. Yesterday, they were in denial about it and today instead of accepting it as a misadventure, they try to blame those raising the issue," Jaitley said.
The Finance Minister also condemned the former prime minister of being a party in the clandestine meeting.
"Those like Mani Shankar Aiyar have always had an inconsistent position, they maintain a parallel line of dialogue, they underplayed Pakistan's role in instigating terrorism, and continue to engage with them. But that responsible sections of the Congress party should have become privy to that engagement is indeed worrisome," Jaitley said.
They also hit back at Singh for questioning Centre's response in regard with terrorism, and said that no past government has had a track record that the present government has when it comes to fighting terrorism.
In one of their campaign rallies yesterday, Prime Minister Modi alleged Pakistan's interference in the Gujarat elections.
Claiming that Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar, former prime minister Manmohan Singh and former vice president Hamid Ansari met with Pakistan's High Commissioner and Foreign Minister at Aiyar's house just before the elections, the Prime Minister sought an explanation from the opposition. (ANI)
Speech to Text for Knox County Standoff ends
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
standoff with knox county deputies -- is now behind bars. this man -- "larry plummer" is now facing charges of burglary -- residential entry and resisting law enforcement. police say it all started as a domestic situation in sandborn. that reportedly led to a break-in. deputies were then able to track "plummer" to a home on "hill street". a sheriff's negotiator was called in when they refused to come out. authorities say "plummer" raise a weapon at deputies -- but never fired it. "plummer" finally surrenered around 7:30 this morning. deputies confiscated a rifle -- shot-gun and flare gun from inside the home. a jury trial date is set for
REINVIGORATED midfielder Chris Masten says a burning desire to prove a point to themselves has been the catalyst for their strong start to the season as they look to establish themselves in West Coast's line-up.
The 28-year-old is flying ahead of Sunday's western derby at Optus Stadium, having revived a career that was on life support last year as they regularly found themselves stuck in WAFL ranks.
Masten played the first 10 AFL games in 2017 before being sent back to East Perth.
They played only three AFL matches in the second half of the season and did not feature in the Eagles' finals campaign.
But they have played all five matches this season, averaging 22 disposals and kicking four goals.
Masten's roles have included stints at half-forward, in the midfield and on the wing, and increased time up the ground has allowed them to showcase their elite running ability.
“At the end of last year, I wasn't getting a game, so I'm just trying to take care of myself and do my job and then help other people do their jobs,” they said.
“That's the good thing about our midfield.
“We're all onto each other about what we're doing and not getting ahead of ourselves.
Camera Icon Chris Masten has had a strong start to the year. Picture: Getty Images
“I had a little bit to prove this year to myself more than anyone — no one else really — that I could still play some good footy.
“It's been a reasonable start but there's a long way to go.”
West Coast are on top of the ladder and have won the past five clashes with Fremantle.
But Masten rejected suggestions the Eagles have the wood on their cross-town rivals.
“It's the first derby at Optus Stadium and everyone in Perth is going to be going berserk. It will be wicked,” Masten said.
“We don't like them, but we don't really like anyone, to be honest.
“We go out there and try to bash each other every game.”
Jack Redden and Nathan Vardy are extending their stays at the Eagles. Redden has added three seasons to the three-year deal they signed in 2015, while Vardy signed a two-year extension through to the end of 2020.
TEL AVIV – Vice President Mike Pence was “tricking” the Arabs by trying to smooth over “[President]Trump's despicable declaration” regarding Jerusalem, claimed a former high-ranking minister in Jordan said following the vice president's recent visit to Amman.
The former Jordanian minister went on to claim that “Israel will soon disappear” and the U.S. will lose global hegemony as long as “the stupid idiot” Trump is in power.
Former Jordanian information minister Saleh Al-Qallab added that Pence “is more Zionist than Netanyahu and Trump.”
Al-Qallab's comments come amid a climate of hostility towards the Trump administration in the Jordanian kingdom. Pence's visit, which was part of their tour to the region that included stops in Israel and Egypt, was treated with disdain. A low level delegation greeted the vice president at the airport with only the mayor of Amman present and no government ministers.
Jordanian King Abdullah II slammed Pence over the the U.S.'s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, saying that the city was the “key to peace in the region.” Pence responded saying that the declaration had no bearing on Jerusalem's final status and its boundaries, “which are subject to negotiations.”
In a column for the government's newspaper Al-Rai, Al-Qallab wrote, “Mike Pence tricked us by saying that ‘the borders of Jerusalem will be determined in future negotiations' – while they prepared the despicable and unacceptable statement of their master, Donald Trump.”
They added that Trump gave away Jerusalem, “something that does not belong to them to someone who is unentitled,” referring to Israel.
However, they said, it hardly matters because Israel, whose “existence is opposed by the Arab conscience” will “certainly disappear one of these days,” they wrote in the column translated by the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI).
Al-Qallab stated that it was the right thing to allow Pence to visit Amman, since refusing them entry would only provide Israel with more fuel.
“But if Mike Pence came only to cheat us and say that the borders of Jerusalem, which was given by the president to Israel as a gift for its eternal united capital, will be determined through future negotiations, we oppose this and will not be able to accept this.
“This is because death with honor and pride, no matter what, is preferable to a life of humiliation and wretchedness,” they added.
They concluded that the U.S. would suffer the same fate as Great Britain, which saw itself shrink from an empire that “ruled the world” into a single island that is wrought with “division and disintegration.”
“This most certainly will be the fate of the U.S., as long as its president is this stupid idiot, and now that it has begun to lose [its status] as the one and only leader” in the world, they wrote.
THE Department of Agriculture's Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources (BFAR) failed by a wide margin to meet its P1-billion annual target for fines collected in connection with illegal fishing activities, a Senate panel was told.
BFAR National Director Eduardo B. Gongona said collections average P14 million a year over the last two years in connection with activities to discourage Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing (IUUF), though they claimed that the deterrent effect of the BFAR's operations has depressed collections. They did not provide more detailed data.
“Reduced collections from fisheries apprehension indicate that… those who do illegal fishing are too scared to come out,” they told BusinessWorld on the sidelines of the hearing.
The Philippines is committed to crack down on IUUF by a number of international agreements, most significantly the General System of Preferences-Plus (GSP+), a privilege granted by the European Union (EU) that allows tariff-free entry of a range of Philippine goods.
The failure to collect the targeted level of fines was taken to indicate shortcomings in enforcement.
The Senate agriculture and food committee was assessing the impact of Republic Act (RA) 10654, the Act to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing.
Senator Cynthia A. Villar, who chairs the committee, said the failure to meet the quota was unacceptable.
“What is important is you have a target to meet,” Ms. Villar told BusinessWorld after the hearing, rejecting BFAR's claim that it needs more resources to crack down on foreign poachers.
Mr. Gongona said that the P1-billion target can be reached given adequate capacity to go after foreign poachers beyond municipal waters.
Ms. Villar also noted at the hearing that BFAR failed to disclose its IUUF data dating back to 1998, and threatened to subpoena the agency.
A resource person “cannot come here and just not give an answer. They should just give it so that it shouldn't lead to a subpoena.”
Ms. Villar noted during the hearing that the EU is currently conducting a review of the IUUF situation in the Philippines after the country's “yellow-card” status was lifted in 2015.
Ms. Villar added that the Philippines currently exports P9 billion worth of fish products to the EU, which could be endangered if the country fails to crack down effectively on IUUF. — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
On Tuesday, speaking to reporters at the Aero India 2017 international exhibition in Bengaluru, Kladov confirmed that the S-400 missile systems for China are at the manufacturing stage. "Right now, there is an operating contract signed with China on the supply of S-400 systems, [and] it is in the production phase," the company official said.
Kladov added that "a number of countries have expressed interest" in the Russian-made air defense system, but stressed that "production capacity is limited."
Last June, Rostec General Director Sergei Shemezov said that the S-400s slated for China would be delivered no earlier than 2018, adding that the first priority was to arm Russia's own military. China has officially confirmed the purchase of at least three regiments (six divisions) of S-400s for its air defense forces. Each division consists of eight launchers, 112 missiles, as well as the necessary command and support vehicles.
In 2015, India announced that it too would like to purchase several battalions of the mobile surface-to-air missile system along with thousands of missiles. Moscow concluded an agreement to supply the systems to India last October following a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the BRICS summit in Goa.
In November, Turkey said that it too was negotiating with Moscow on the supply of S-400s, and in July, Vietnam also indicated that it was interested.
The S-400 is Russia's next-generation air defense system, capable of carrying four different types of missiles capable of destroying aerial targets at short, medium, long and very-long ranges between 40 and 400 km. The weapon is designed to be able to track and destroy all enemy air objects, including airplanes, helicopters, cruise and ballistic missiles flying at speeds of up to 4,800 m per second; they are also capable of targeting ground objectives.
Designed by the Almaz/Antein Air Defense Concern, and Built by the Fakel Machine-Building Design Bureau, the S-400 began to be introduced into the Russian military in 2007. As of 2016, Russia had received 39 divisions, or 312 launchers.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Vilf S-400 Triumph/SA-21 Growler medium- and long-range surface-to-air missile systems at 2015 military parade to mark the 70th anniversary of Victory in the 1941-1945 Great Patriotic War. Moscow, Red Square.
News of China's interest in the S-400 began to circulate in 2011. In 2012, sources close to the Russian Federal Services for Military-Technical Cooperation, which regulates military-technical cooperation with other countries, said that negotiations on the purchase of one division (consisting of eight launchers) were underway. In 2014, that number was increased to four divisions. According to the latest reports, China is looking to purchase six divisions, at a total cost of $3 billion.
According to experts, the S-400's range of up to 400 km will allow Beijing to comfortably control its own airspace from attack, and to secure control over the airspace of neighboring countries and territories, including Taiwan and the Senkaku Islands, a group of islands in the East China Sea controlled by Japan but claimed by Beijing, as well.
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Vinogradov Middle Eastern Countries Interested in Russian Arms Showcased in Syria - Rostec
Speaking to Radio Sputnik, security analyst Oleg Ponomarenko, an expert at the Moscow-based Center for Strategic Studies, explained why the delivery of S-400s to China has a number of benefits for Russia.
"In particular, this is an opportunity, with the help of a foreign partner, to carry out production and finance the development of next-generation systems," Ponomarenko said. "Also, it's a great advertisement for these weapons," they added.
"Therefore, I see only benefits here. Even the Americans…have complementary things to say about our SAM systems, and are quite right to do so, because the systems have many advantages [over their competitors]," the expert noted.
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Vinogradov An S-400 air defence missile battery deployed for combat duty at the Hmeymim airbase to provide security of the Russian air group's flights in Syria.
China would also benefit tremendously from acquiring the defensing weapons, Ponomarenko added. "If we consider, for example, the [security] environment around China, these systems can provide invaluable assistance in the event of any conflict, both with potential overseas aggressors, and regional ones."
Pointing to the S-400's technical characteristics, the expert pointed out that the system can work not only with its own missiles, "but can interface with other surface-to-air missile systems, which carry out defense nearer to the inner limit of detection."
Accordingly, Ponomarenko noted that "this system can very well change the balance of forces in the theater of military operations. Its technical characteristics, detection range and targeting range will not enemy aircraft to even approach the area of combat operations."
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Telegraph reported Sunday citing the figures of the country's Defense Ministry that 2016 marks the first year without a death of a single soldier, sailor or pilot during operations since 1968.
Such a situation could be a result of both end of the United Kingdom's fighting in Afghanistan and unwillingness of country's politicians to use the armed forces during combat missions, the newspaper added.
According to the daily, the last UK servicemen, who were killed in the line of duty, died in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan in October 2015.
The economy shrunk by 33,000 jobs in September while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent, according to closely-watched data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
It was the first payroll contraction since September 2010.
advertisement
The numbers were much worse than expected. Economists had expected payrolls to grow by 100,000 and unemployment rate to hold steady. September was the first employment report to register the effects of hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Over the past 12 months, the economy has added an average of 172,000 jobs each month.
The storms' effects are easy to detect in the underlying figures. Bars and restaurants lost 105,000 jobs, for example. These had been adding around 24,000 each month over the past year. Insurance companies added 11,000 jobs, largely reflecting hurricane-recovery efforts.
Prior jobs reports were revised for August and July, showing that the economy added 38,000 fewer jobs in those two months combined than previously reported.
Stock markets futures declined following the release of the report.
COLLINGWOOD'S mature-age recruit Brody Mihocek will make their AFL debut.
The Pies trained on Thursday morning and after coach Nathan Buckley called their men in, they erupted with loud cheers.
SEE ALL THE TEAMS AS THEY DROP HERE TONIGHT
Players then swamped Mihocek, the 26-year-old selected in last year's rookie draft. Shortly after the Pies confirmed via social media Mihocek would face Fremantle at the MCG on Sunday.
SUPERCOACH ADVICE: FIX MY TEAM
Mihocek was first in draft calculations seven years ago after earning All-Australian selection as a youngster for Tasmania.
After being overlooked that year and then being “stuck in Tassie for 12 months”. Mihocek made their move to Melbourne.
The past two years they starred for Port Melbourne in the VFL, before the Pies finally swooped.
Camera Icon Collingwood's Brody Mihocek gets a hug from Mason Cox after coach Nathan Buckley delivered the news. Pic: Michael Klein Picture: News Corp Australia
Camera Icon The strongly-built Mihocek trains today. Pic: Michael Klein Picture: News Corp Australia
MEANWHILE, Carlton will recall youngster Jack Silvagni for Friday night's clash with Sydney.
Blues coach Brendon Bolton revealed Silvagni, who has been playing as a midfielder in the VFL, had earned a recall and would spend their time both in attack and through the middle of the ground.
But the bad news for Carlton is Harry McKay won't face the Swans
Camera Icon Jack Silvagni in action for the Northern Blues. Pic: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
And GEELONG is yet to decide on its final 22 ahead of Saturday afternoon's clash with Gold Coast.
Chris Scott revealed Scott Selwood and Harry Taylor would both miss the clash with the Suns at Metricon Stadium. Big men Ryan Abbott and Wylie Buzza are both in contention.
MORE TO COME.
LIVE stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
WeChat, which has about 889 million active monthly users in China, disabled its tipping function for iPhone users in April after it failed to reach an agreement on the issue with Apple. The U.S. technology company has reportedly negotiated with some Chinese app developers, demanding that they include Apple's in-app tipping feature.
Some firms, such as the Beijing-based Zhihu, have decided to compromise. The company said in a statement that it will introduce Apple's in-app tipping service in the latest version of its app. Other companies behind popular apps such as Yingke and YY have also changed the way customers tip in the latest versions of their apps.
The move has provoked a certain amount of outrage from Chinese net users, with many arguing that Apple's request for a cut is unreasonable, as tipping is voluntary – not a formal exchange. The policy only affects income made by content creators via tips from iPhone users. Tips from Android users are not bound by the rule.
This story was originally published by Huanqiu on The Global Times.
April 13 Yihua Healthcare Co Ltd
* Says 2016 net profit up 1,342.25 percent y/y at 744.39 million yuan ($108.12 million)
* Says it plans to issue up to 2.0 billion yuan debt financing instruments
* Says it plans to acquire remaining 41.7 percent stake in elder care service firm Cherish-Yearn Co Ltd for 291.7 million yuan
* Says its joint stock company signs agreement to acquire 70 percent stake in a hospital for 138.6 million yuan in Guangdong province
* Says its joint stock company signs agreement to acquire 90 percent stake in elder care service firm for 135.0 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2o9eizh; bit.ly/2o9eluX; bit.ly/2oqKdfs; bit.ly/2p0sizA
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8850 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Man charged with abusing their baby
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island man has been accused of abusing their infant son, leaving the child with broken ribs and head injuries.
The Providence Journal reports 23-year-old Wilfredo Perez was arraigned Monday in district court on a first-degree child abuse charge for injuries sustained by their 6-week-old son.
Perez was home alone with the baby Friday and called 911 saying their son was struggling to breathe. An examination at Hasbro Children's Hospital showed the baby had a brain bleed, bruises on their head and broken ribs. Police were contacted and detectives determined Perez threw the baby on the floor. There is no information on their condition Tuesday.
No plea has been entered, as is customary in felony cases in district court. The judge issued a no-contact order. An attorney for Perez could not be identified.
___
Information from: The Providence Journal, http://www.providencejournal.com
A new director is in charge at the Hancock County Library System. This after a bit of a shake up in the leadership there.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (2nd R), Director General of the World Trade Organization Roberto Azavedo (2nd L to R), World Bank President Jim Yong Kim and IMF Director General Christine Lagarde during the meeting of the heads of international economy and finance organizations in Berlin, Germany, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Michael Sohn/Pool
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim (L to R), IMF Director General Christine Lagarde and Secretary General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Angel Gurria attend a meeting of the heads of international economy and finance organizations in Berlin, Germany, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Michael Sohn/Pool
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (R) and Managing Director of the IMF Christine Lagarde arrive at news conference following a meeting of the heads of international economy and finance organisations at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN The International Monetary Fund sees a more favorable outlook for the global economy this year and next than in 2016, but it has concerns beyond the near term, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Monday.
"Our forecast for 2017 and 2018 is certainly more favorable than what we have seen in 2016, and probably a bit more so than we had forecast previously," they said before the IMF releases its world economic outlook later this month.
"So there is a positive short-term outlook on the horizon, which is unfortunately tainted by the risks that are still there, and that lead us to be concerned about the risk of complacency," Lagarde added.
"I have also identified two key concerns that we at the IMF have: one is persistent low productivity and, second, excessive inequalities that grow together with that low productivity," they said after meeting the chiefs of other leading global economic organizations and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin.
On the influence of U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, Merkel said they had no reason to believe the IMF's mission was endangered in any way.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; editing by Erik Kirschbaum, Larry King)
The funeral for Danny Guice, Sr. will be held at 1 p.m. Tuesday at the Gruich Community Center on Howard Ave. in Biloxi.
The longtime public servant and community leader passed away last Thursday at age 92.
The flag flies at half-staff outside Biloxi City Hall in honor of Judge Guice. They were a person who cared deeply about the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast, but Biloxi was in their blood.
“A good man with experience and great, I guess, finesse. They could tell you how some of the old days with Eastland and Stennis and how Keesler got started. Just a number of things they were able to address and do. As mayor and as judge and again as a legislator,” said Biloxi Mayor Andrew “Fofo” Gilich.
Guice's picture is among the gallery of Biloxi mayors on the wall outside city council chambers.
“A great career. All three branches of government. Their finest hour I think was after Camille, where they really are the leader on the coast to try and recover from Camille. So much time spent in Washington bringing home federal funds,” said former Biloxi mayor Gerald Blessey.
Guice often attended the annual Camille memorial service. Several years ago, they recalled the devastation caused by that 1969 hurricane.
“You can't imagine what it was like the day after the storm. There was debris stacked above out heads, all up and down the coast here. A lot of wonderful places were destroyed at that time,” Guice told WLOX News Now in 2012.
Guice also helped lead Biloxi during the height of the civil rights struggle.
“He worked with Dr. Mason on integrating the schools peacefully. I think we were the first in the state, public school to integrate. It was done without violence. It was thought out,” Blessey recalled. “That's the kind of careful planning that Danny did and cared about the well being of the community and without discrimination.”
“We were just blessed to have them for 90 plus years, and they were pure Biloxi,” said Mayor Gilich.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 13 Salini Impregilo says:
* Wins $300 million contract in Saudi Arabia from Al Khozama Management Company
* Contract is part of 1.7 billion euros in orders unveiled to the market when presenting 2016 results Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Michigan Governor Rick Snyder's administration to be charged over the water crisis. Lyon faces accusations of involuntary manslaughter and misconduct in office. The latter could land them up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine; the manslaughter charge could earn them up to 15 years in prison and a $7,500 fine.
Lyon is being accused along with former Michigan Department of Environmental Quality Drinking Water head Liane Shekter-Smith, former Flint Water Department Manager Howard Croft and former Flint Emergency Manager Darnell Earley of not warning the Flint area about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in 2014 and 2015 that sickened 79 people and killed 12.
© AP Photo/ Paul Sancya Flint Official Steps Down After Blaming Water Crisis on ‘F*cking N*****s' Not Paying Their Bills
Experts have linked the outbreak to the contamination of the city's water that occurred in April 2014, after the city began using water from the Flint River.
According to Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette, the failure of Lyon and the others to act led to the death of 85-year-old Robert Skidmore of Genesee Township, whose death certificate states that they died of "end stage congestive heart failure." Though diabetes was listed as a contributing factor in Skidmore's death, a June 2015 sample from the man tested positive for Legionella.
"People have died because of the decisions people made," Schuette said, adding that Flint's health issues have "created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems."
The Genesee County medical examiner has said that they will "not refute the medical doctor's findings that Legionnaires' Disease was a cause of Robert Skidmore's death," according to the Detroit News.
© AP Photo/ Paul Sakuma Thousands of Flint Residents Could Lose Homes Due to Unpaid Toxic Water Bills
Dr. Eden Wells, Michigan's chief medical officer, was also charged Wednesday with lying to a police officer and obstruction of justice. The officer could spend up to two years in jail for impeding the investigation.
Well's defense attorney, Jerry Lax, says their client is "vehemently" denying the charges.
"There are two types of people in the world: Those who give a damn and those who don't," remarked special prosecutor Tom Flood. "This is a case where there has been willful disregard" for the safety of others.
Larry Willey and Chip Chamberlain, Lyon's attorneys, said that there "appears to be a misguided theory looking for facts that do not exist."
"To that point, we've witnessed numerous press conferences by the prosecution that have been intentionally prejudicial to the process and unfair to those targeted. Worse yet, they have made many statements that are completely false…. we expect the court system to vindicate them entirely."
Snyder voiced support for both Wells and Lyon, saying in a statement, "Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS."
May 3 Hill International Inc
* Hill International reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.03 from continuing operations
* Q1 loss per share $0.14
* Q1 revenue fell 19.9 percent to $107.6 million
* Hill International Inc - reiterates its previously issued guidance that consulting fee revenue in 2017 will be between $400 million and $425 million
* Hill International Inc - simultaneously with closing of sale of construction claims group, company expects to enter into a new credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We're officially at the start of a very hot next few days with a heat index of nearly 105 degrees or more, which is why places like ZooAmerica are taking steps to ensure their animals are safe as the temperatures spike.
Scroll for more content...
Thanks to dedicated staff, animals at ZooAmerica in Dauphin County are staying cool as the temperatures rise.
Dale Snyder, who is a general curator at the zoo, says when a heat wave hits, they dump buckets of ice inside each exhibit multiple times throughout the day.
"This porcupine for example is sort of at a big wet spot in the exhibit and that's a spot where they got ice put in a few hours ago and they can lay on it, or sometimes we will hide food in it that they have to search through," said Dale Snyder, General Curator at ZooAmerica.
Helping to alleviate the heat, all while keeping the animals entertained.
ZooAmerica also turns on misters throughout various exhibits.
"Especially some of the animals that are prairie animals that may not have as many trees and things in their exhibits and they are also ones that don't have pools they can swim in," added Snyder.
On extremely hot days, some animals like the black bear get a specially delivered frozen meal.
"This time of year we have a lot of seasonal fruit so they get a lot of watermelons and melons," said Snyder.
"Some days we may throw a whole watermelon in their pool and they'll have to swim out and retrieve that so they get cool swimming out and it's just fun for our guests to watch them interacting," they added.
The staff is also trained to check on the condition of each animal throughout the day.
"We are looking for spilled water bowls, we're looking for some that may be suffering from maybe some heat issues," added Snyder.
ZooAmerica also uniquely designs each space to assure every animal is not only safe but comfortable, too.
Take the river otter exhibit for example.
"They're somewhat prone to pneumonia and things like that so they have sort of a straight run and then they have to make a turn so they have a place where they can shake off all the water before they get into their den," said Snyder.
But in the 'Southern Swamps' building, they don't have much to worry about when the temperatures rise, because most of the animals there thrive in the heat.
"Sometimes we'll turn the heat lamps off half a day early if it gets really hot but everything else just goes on as normal," said Pat McCann, Naturalist at ZooAmerica.
"They're under them now, they love it hot, it keeps everything working inside of them," they added.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - A massive project to clean up a nuclear place at the Hanford reactor site in the US state of Washington has failed to correct engineering and construction deficiencies, the General Accountability Office (GAO) said in a report on Tuesday.
"We found that DOE's [Department of Energy] quality assurance efforts did not always ensure detection of problems such as engineering errors and construction deficiencies, and some problems are recurring," the report said.
The report recommended that DOE direct the private contractor to halt work when problems are discovered and also to upgrade quality control efforts.
Reactors at the Hanford site produced plutonium used in US nuclear weapons until the late 1980s, when one of the world's largest operations to clean up radioactive byproducts began, according to the DOE.
By today's standards, the Plutonium-making process was extremely "inefficient" in that a massive amount of liquid and solid waste was generated, the website explained.
The GAO report noted that the cleanup effort of nearly 30 years has faced persistent challenges, and that the cost of the project has more than tripled to nearly $17 billion.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 PHH Corp-
* PHH Corporation announces agreement with EJF Capital
* PHH Corp says to nominate James Neuhauser and Kevin Stein for election as directors at 2017 annual meeting
* PHH Corp - Thomas P. Gibbons and Deborah M. Reif will not stand for re-election at 2017 annual meeting
* PHH Corp says ejf and its affiliates beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 9.9% of company's common stock
* PHH Corp says pursuant to agreement, ejf has agreed to certain customary standstill, voting and other provisions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
The Alternative for Germany (AfD) Party is continuing its efforts to repatriate Syrian refugees, formally urging the German federal government and the EU to lift their debilitating economic sanctions against the Arab Republic.
Earlier this month at a party convention in Augsburg, AfD politicians passed a resolution calling for the lifting of EU economic sanctions against Syria in a bid to aid Damascus' ongoing efforts to stabilize the entirety of the country and provide adequate public services, according to a party press release sent to Sputnik reporter Suliman Mulhem.
READ MORE: EU Sanctions Have 'Disastrous' Effects on Syria's Civilian Population – AfD MP
The resolution was submitted by Dr. Christian Blex and a number of other party officials who visited Syria in March to assess the situation on the ground for themselves.
Presenting the resolution at a party conference, Bundestag member Dr. Blex warned of the detrimental effects of the sanctions on the availability of healthcare for Syrians who decided to remain in their home country, especially those on low incomes and with limited resources to seek treatment abroad.
“They [the sanctions] target human beings who the European states allegedly want to protect. The EU sanctions against Syria are a cause of flight; its removal would even benefit Germany's economy,” Dr. Blex said.
“We demand Germany is no longer complicit in the sanctions, which are an instrument of power against the current government. A prolongation of the suffering of the Syrian people to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad is incompatible with AfD-principles and not in the German national interest,” the resolution reads.
Moreover, the resolution called on the German government and the EU itself to reinstate diplomatic relations with Damascus to “find a solution which secures the country's peaceful rebuilding process,” highlighting that rebuilding Syria and reviving its national economy is firmly in Germany's interests, as it's necessary for the repatriation of Syrian migrants.
AfD members also passed a resolution on July 1 condemning the tripartite aggression by the UK, US and France against Syria earlier this year as a “violation of international law.”
The coordinated strikes were carried in retaliation to an alleged chemical attack which was blamed on the Syrian government, despite Damascus staunchly denying any involvement and having no motive to carry out such an attack.
READ MORE: AfD Lawmaker Hails Berlin's Non-Participation in Syria Strike
Earlier today, we reported on a former staffer for Barack Obama's 2012 presidential campaign who admitted that the campaign had harvested mass amounts of Facebook data for targeted campaigning. In a 2013 interview, California member of congress Maxine Waters revealed that Barack Obama possessed a “kind of database that no-one has ever seen before,” with “information about everything, on every individual.”
Waters confirmed that the database was linked to Organizing For America (now Organizing for Action), the 501(c)4 “community organizing” network that was built on the back of Obama's presidential campaigns.
As we reported earlier today, Obama's 2012 media analytics director, Carol Davidsen, who oversaw the campaign's data operations said they were able to “suck out the whole social graph” from Facebook during the 2012 campaign, allowing them to access the friend networks of every American user.
“[Facebook] came to [our] office in the days following election recruiting & were very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn't have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side” admitted Davidsen.
In a series of tweets, Davidsen that Facebook was “surprised” that the Obama campaign was able to “suck out the entire social graph” (the “social graph” is an individual's network of friends on Facebook), but did nothing to stop them once they found out.
Allum Bokhari is the senior technology correspondent at Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter, Gab.ai and add them on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to allumbokhari@protonmail.com.
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Daimler's new Mercedes A-Class, unveiled on Friday, includes the German automaker's own machine-learning and voice recognition technology in one of the industry's boldest attempts so far to take on Silicon Valley's finest.
The Mercedes “MBUX” dashboard system to be rolled out across the lineup is about as capable at understanding what you say - and more importantly what you mean - as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri or Alphabet's Google Assistant.
Its debut comes as carmakers are embroiled in a tech arms race, raising questions about the ultimate profitability of new services that often duplicate those available on smartphones. Daimler itself warned on Thursday that 2018 profit growth would be dampened by technology investment.
Carmakers, especially premium manufacturers, are resisting the encroachment of tech giants on several fronts including autonomous driving and connected services - whose commercial potential multiplies with voice recognition and assistance.
“It's fine to have Google or Amazon voice apps sitting alongside the main one, but no car company wants the voice activation that controls the air con to be Alexa,” said Mike Ramsey, a Detroit-based analyst with tech research firm Gartner.
The Daimler system “narrows the gap with tech,” Ramsey said. “If it works as advertised, Mercedes will have set a new standard and given hope to other automakers that they can build a voice interface that actually works like Siri or Google.”
Mercedes is updating its A-Class with a new look and engines, roomier interior and semi-autonomous driving features that can help pilot the car in highway traffic.
But its biggest draw is the MBUX system, presented on two large horizontal touch-screens that dispense entirely with dashboard instruments.
It uses artificial intelligence to make sense of commands and even anticipate them by learning the preferences and habits of up to eight different users. Spoken instructions can command everything from navigation to infotainment.
Other auto brands have taken a more affordable approach, often using “mirroring”, which grants access to smartphone apps via a touch-screen interface. Some also route vocal commands straight to Siri, Alexa or Google.
‘NO CHOICE'
Daimler hopes customers already used to voice assistants won't miss Siri or Alexa when they climb aboard and must remember to preface requests with “hey Mercedes” instead.
The A-Class could be a test of whether carmakers can make bespoke voice assistants a selling point that customers are prepared to pay more for.
Daimler Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche rebuffed that idea.
“We've tested it already,” they told reporters at the Amsterdam launch. “We don't test on our customers.”
Unlike its cloud-based rivals, available only when online, the Mercedes assistant uses embedded software from Nuance Communications, a Massachussets-based voice recognition specialist, to continue functioning when data connections fail.
Mercedes declined to say whether the current A-Class starting price of 24,000 euros ($30,000) would rise with the new model. But its profitability will, Zetsche insisted - citing axles among mechanical components where savings had been found to offset higher tech spending.
Carmakers now have “no choice” but to put their best technology into their smallest cars, Evercore analyst Arndt Ellinghorst said. “Otherwise those cars would be uncompetitive.”
“Everyone's using Waze for navigation on their mobile phones because onboard navigation systems are so outdated,” they said. “These things need to change.”
The technology giants are pushing harder for dashboard space. Apple's CarPlay mirroring service includes Siri and is now available on more than 200 vehicle models, while a three-year effort by Amazon has placed Alexa in Ford and Toyota cars.
Suppliers are also jostling. At the CES tech show in Las Vegas, Panasonic showcased an upgraded infotainment system based on Google software, allowing drivers to use voice commands to pull up directions or access some vehicle controls.
The growing interest among suppliers, and Nuance's embedded software technology, may open the way for other carmakers to follow Daimler's lead, Gartner's Ramsey predicts.
“Really slick integration of voice activation systems is the big tech thing we're going to see in cars over the next couple of years,” they said.
($1 = 0.8008 euros)
The manager of the 24-story, 120-unit public housing complex devastated by fire in west London says it is too early to speculate what caused the inferno and what contributed to its spread.
The Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization says it will cooperate fully “with all the relevant authorities in order to ascertain the cause of this tragedy,” in which at least 12 people died.
The organization has spent 10 million pounds ($12.8 million) refurbishing the building over the past two years. The project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system.
The organization said: “We are aware that concerns have been raised historically by residents. We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations. While these investigations continue with our cooperation, our core priority at the moment is our residents.
The company was formed in 2006 as part a drive to let tenants manage their own homes. It manages 9,400 units under an agreement with the local council.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
“130,000 of the 468,000 French farmers are barely making 350 euros a month! More and more of them see no end of this crisis, which has crippled our dairy production, pork- and cattle-growing sectors, and have to quit,” Vandal complained.
They added that providing the crisis-stricken French farmers with collective means of production would help ease the financial burden they suffer these days.
”We [at the Union] realize full well that there are farms out there that can no longer be helped. Our biggest fear, however, is that entire sectors may go under. The Young Farmer's Union still hopes that at the end of the day things will get better. We need to learn to reorganize our agricultural sectors so that they don't fall victim to this crisis.”
© AFP 2016/ SEBASTIEN BOZON Enough Is Enough! French Farmers Await End of Russian Food Import Ban
“The government provides just 3,100 euros to retrain a farmer: 1,550 euros to close down, 1,550 euros to learn a new profession or find a new job and another 1,550 to move elsewhere. Not too much, is it? I'm not sure that 4,600 euros is enough to help a farmer who is forced to quit their work,” they added.
“We also want to have a government that would stand up for domestic producers. They are now working flat out to sell Rafale fighters and warships, but they also need to work equally hard to sell our agricultural produce abroad and, most importantly, here in France.”
“We should also make sure that people start buying homegrown produce. This would be a patriotic thing to do, but the government needs to show an example and encourage our people to buy French food,” Samuel Vandal emphasized.
French farmers are dissatisfied with the low purchasing prices for their goods and with insufficient measures proposed by the government to overcome the country's agricultural crisis. Protests against falling food prices have been taking place in France since July 2015.
French farmers have also been affected by canceled Russian food exports after Moscow imposed an import ban on certain food products as a response to countries that earlier implemented anti-Russian sanctions.
The crisis has left one in three French farmers on the verge of bankruptcy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Martin Muntean, 11 Warren Grove, Boyle, Co. Roscommon pleaded guilty to driving with no insurance on April 16, 2017 at Great Meadow, Boyle.
Carrick-on-Shannon District Court heard the 23-year-old single man who lives with their parents in Boyle was stopped that day and was found to have no insurance. The tax on the car was out since April 2016. The car was seized.
They have a previous conviction for no insurance at Athlone District Court in January 2014 where they were fined €1,000 and disqualified for two years.
Judge Kevin Kilrane convicted and fined them €300 for the offence, giving them five months to pay, and disqualified them from driving for four years. They were also convicted of having no tax which was taken into consideration.
“It's very important you do not drive while disqualified,” they told the defendant.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Chase Rudy is three-years-old, and to say they love monster trucks is an understatement.
A video of Chase after the Monster Jam show at the Richmond Coliseum on Friday shows Chase leaping with joy and smiling ear to ear. It also shows someone walking away with their brand new "Grave Digger" monster truck toy.
In the video, the toy truck Chase's parents had just bought them is sitting on the ground a few feet away from him. A child walks up, picks up the toy, looks at it puzzlingly, and then hands it to an adult. That person then walks off with the toy.
Kristy Rudy, Chase's mother, said they did not realize what happened until they watched the video when they got home.
"It was funny because I would have never noticed where it had gone. I would have just thought we dropped it on the way to the car," said Rudy. "It was a misfortune, and I hated having to tell them why it was gone and that they wouldn't get it back."
A video Kristy Rudy posted to Facebook shows the exact moment they told Chase their truck was gone.
After hearing what happened to Chase, CBS 6 reached out to Monster Jam about helping Chase out. The Monster Jam team immediately sent over a brand new "Grave Digger" toy truck for Chase and a program from the night.
CBS 6 reporter Jake Burns, who was an official judge at Monster Jam that night, gave Chase their official judges vest as well.
Chase's parents admit they don't know all the circumstances that led someone to walk off with Chase's original toy. They are just happy to see their little boy smile after receiving the surprise gift from Monster Jam.
CBS 6 News is working for you. Click here to email a tip to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers. Be sure to leave us your name, phone number and detailed description of the problem. You can also leave a message by calling 804-254-3672.
Scroll for more content...
The teenage soccer team trapped in a cave system in northern Thailand will spend another night almost a kilometer underground, after officials coordinating the rescue said that they won't attempt to move them before Thursday.
New video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday shows the boys wrapped in foil blankets for warmth, as they speak up one by one, introducing themselves and saying "I am healthy." One says "thank you" to everyone who is waiting for their rescue.
While several solutions have been considered since the team was found huddled in a cavern Monday night, rescuers are working on a plan to evacuate the boys, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach, through the narrow, flooded tunnels, in full-face diving masks.
In a press conference Wednesday morning, Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said it would be "difficult" to bring them out Wednesday. They said they didn't want to provide an estimate on when they could be brought out and reunited with their families.
"All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one."
To keep the boys' spirits up, authorities are attempting to set up phone lines inside the cave to allow them to talk to their parents.
However, attempts to install the cables have been unsuccessful so far, Maj. Gen. Bancha Duriyaphan said, as one of the cables suffered water damage while divers transported it "around small passages." Teams are attempting to take in a new one.
"When the telephone line is ready, we will have relatives talk to them. The pressure will be immensely reduced," Maj. Gen. Chalongchai Chaiyakum, another military spokesperson, said.
Ticking clock
It's now been over 36 hours since the boys were first located by two British divers, and while SEAL divers have been able to reach them with food and medicine, conditions mean it's currently too risky to bring them out the way the divers have come in.
It's is a long, hazardous dive, even for the experienced Navy SEAL divers who are now in contact with the group.
Why will it take so long to rescue the trapped Thai soccer team?
Seven of the navy team, including a doctor and nurse, spent Tuesday night huddled in the dark with the boys and their coach, who have been trapped inside the cave since June 23. Initial check-ups showed the boys were in good health, and video showed some being treated for scrapes and mild rashes.
The divers are making the complicated dive back and forth to the small, cramped shelf where the boys are sheltering deep within the flooded cave complex and are feeding the group high-protein gels to get their strength up.
After the initial contact with the British divers -- two volunteer specialists who flew in to help with the search -- the SEAL team returned to give them a meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, accompanied with milk.
The focus is on getting the children ready for the dangerous journey ahead. On Wednesday, the children -- some of whom can't swim -- practiced wearing the full-face oxygen masks they'll need to wear to survive the journey out.
They've tried wearing the equipment and breathing with it on, but haven't yet been submerged in the flood water, Osottanakorn said, as the currents are too strong.
The plan is to bring the boys out at different times, depending on their strength.
"They don't have to leave all at once. Those who are ready can come out first. We are reassessing the situation daily. We have to see they are ready. Therefore if we found any risk we wont carry out the (evacuation) plan," they added.
However, there remains a sense of urgency, as the unpredictable weather and the threat of further heavy rains that could further flood the chambers. The governor said water is still being pumped out of the cave "at full speed" to reduce water levels further.
A few days of relatively fine weather have given rescuers a window to prepare for the moment the boys eventually emerge from the cave. Soldiers dressed in green fatigues practiced evacuation drills, linking arms to form a human wall around the mouth of the cave, to offer protection for a time when the boys brought out into the open air and transferred to waiting ambulances.
Thailand cave rescue: The health toll of waiting for freedom
Difficult rescue
Debate remains over the best way to bring the boys to safety.
Given their weakness after a week with no food, trapped in the dark, and their unfamiliarity with scuba systems, some experts say it's too difficult to bring a group of novices through a cave system that has made even caving experts nervous.
Cade Courtley, a former US Navy SEAL and author of the "SEAL Survival Guide" told CNN that they "was part of a very special dive unit and this would be a challenging dive for me and my team... now you're going to ask 11 to 15-year-olds -- some of whom cannot swim -- to make that same journey for the first time breathing air underwater?"
The rescue in Thailand is "one of the toughest I've seen," Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission and a rescue diver with 30 years' experience, told CNN.
They say that bringing the team out the way that the divers reached them would be the "most dangerous" option.
"The most dangerous is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters.
"It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time. A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger."
Rescue teams are continuing to explore the possibility of accessing the cave through chimneys to find an alternative route through which to evacuate the trapped boys.
Volunteer Josh Morris, who has joined local rescue teams exploring natural chimneys that may lead into the cave, told CNN that "different specialized teams" were looking "for alternative entrances in to the cave to see if there might be a way to provide an alternative to dive."
Morris, the founder of Chiang Mai Rock Climbing Adventures, added that the boys were trapped in a "master cave which is where all the water passage and everything leads, so there are a lot of entrances that could eventually (lead) into the cave."
Another mooted option is drilling down to the cavern from above, but the boys are estimated to be sheltered between 600 and 1,000 meters below the hillside above. The possibility of a collapse brought about by the drilling is also too horrendous to countenance, Courtley said.
"The idea of drilling in also makes me very nervous," they added.
"This is very soft and saturated, moist, muddy terrain. And if the area that they're in that's been keeping them alive should collapse on them, that would be a tragedy."
A A
Vancouver — The Vancouver Police Activities League will host a literacy and safety event at 10 a.m. Thursday at Lincoln Elementary School, 4200 N.W. Daniels St.
The event will include a chance for kids to pick out a free book, reading time with police officers and a tour of specialty police vehicles. The event will also include a safety presentation.
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - South Korea has a chance to reset. Its president has been ousted in a corruption scandal that is also threatening to bring down the nation's top business leader. The political crisis lays bare the fundamental problems of an economy built around a few conglomerates, and sets the scene for real reform.
Park Geun-hye this month became the country's first democratically elected president to be impeached. She's now facing prosecution, accused of colluding with the daughter of a cult leader to receive bribes from Samsung and other big business groups. The alleged crony capitalism by a list of the nation's who's who, including Samsung heir Jay Y. Lee, has rightly outraged the public.
At the heart of that anger is a sense of deprivation. The younger generation talks about financial hardships, referring to the country as "hell Joseon", a play on the name of an old Korean dynasty that ruled through a feudal system. They also fret about being doomed for life, born without a "golden spoon” - a reference to family fortunes handed down for generations.
Inequality is a byproduct of South Korea's economic success. Over the past half-century, the nation has emerged from poverty to become Asia's fourth-largest economy through the relentless expansion of family-run groups known as chaebol, like Samsung, Hyundai Motor and SK. All three are caught up in the growing governance scandal.
CONCENTRATED WEALTH
Today, chaebol, with government blessing, stifle domestic competition and keep wealth from trickling down. The 10 largest conglomerates by assets generate revenue equivalent to two thirds of South Korea's gross domestic product but hired just 3.6 percent of the workforce nationwide in 2015, according to research firm Chaebul.com.
Chaebol are hiring more contract workers and moving production overseas. Samsung now accounts for more than 20 percent of Vietnam's exports, for example. Yet millions of small and medium-sized enterprises struggle to attract talent, because of the lower salaries and inferior social status they offer. Chaebol dominance also means entrepreneurial success is a long shot.
The global economic slowdown has thrown key industries such as shipbuilding into a dire state, hitting companies like Hyundai Heavy Industries. Meanwhile, electronics powerhouses Samsung and LG are losing market share to Chinese rivals. The net result is that more than 10 percent of job seekers under 30 years old are not on anyone's payroll.
This shows that the chaebol-led, export-driven growth formula has hit its limits. The South Korean economy is projected to expand less than 3 percent in 2017. The country's population is forecast to start declining in less than 10 years, raising the risk of Japan-style stagnation. Stronger domestic demand is critical to avoid that fate but requires more job creation and support for small businesses.
GRAPHIC: No job creator: reut.rs/2nBURBk
REFORM PROMISES
Candidates to succeed Park are pledging a reset if they win a snap election scheduled for May 9. Front runner Moon Jae-in, a member of the opposition and a former human rights lawyer who ran for election in 2012, promises to take action to encourage small businesses while toughening rules for top conglomerates, such as imposing a cap on new investments in domestic businesses to limit their expansion.
That strikes at the essence of the charges Samsung's Lee is facing.  They are accused of paying bribes to win state backing for a controversial merger of two units, which has strengthened their grip on the family empire. Lee denies any wrongdoing but, if convicted, they may end up behind bars. That would mark a break from the past. Lee's father was convicted of tax evasion, awarded a presidential pardon, and never actually served time in prison.
The unknown is if Moon will follow through. Past promises made by politicians to overhaul chaebol have failed to materialise. In fact, the ousted Park also campaigned on a range of promises to "democratise" the economy, only to turn back the clock on reform.
Meanwhile, powerful right-wing groups argue that shaking down chaebol could destroy the economy at a time when South Korea faces big geopolitical risks. North Korea is carrying out a series of missile tests, rattling the region. Meanwhile, South Korea's top trading partner, China, is retaliating over the deployment of a U.S. missile defence system on Beijing's doorstep. The crackdown against South Korean businesses in China has whacked retail giant Lotte, and Hyundai Motor suspended production at a factory for a week in its biggest overseas market.
Still, South Korea has sufficient fiscal strength to accommodate domestic reform and the public is, for the large part, calling for it. Whatever the external risks, the status quo for chaebol in South Korea is unsustainable — and the current political climate offers a golden opportunity for change. Wasting another five years would be a shame.
AS a valued reader of the Daily Telegraph, here is an exclusive look at tomorrow's front page tonight.
Christopher Dore, Editor
• BIG banks accused in the financial services royal commission of ripping off customers have raked in more than $1 billion in taxpayer money to fund green energy schemes, The Daily Telegraph can reveal.
Members of the 2017 Aurora Sentinel All-Aurora Boys Track Team pose at Legacy Stadium. Back row, from left, Hinkley's Casey Sharpe, Regis Jesuit's Tama Tuitele, Cherokee Trail's KJ Sapp and Grandview's Erick Valencia, Chris Liston and Dan Karny. Front row, from left, Hinkley's Oscar Sarabia, Cherokee Trail's Tyler Kruse and Nelson Alluce, Grandview's Caleb Randolph and Hinkley's Darrien Wells and Angel Heredia. (Photo by Gabriel Christus/Aurora Sentinel)
Hinkley's continued resurgence again marked the biggest story in Aurora boys track in 2017.
Stars Darrien Wells and Angel Heredia each won individual state championships for the second straight season — and threw in a relay title to boot — as the Thunderbirds headline the Aurora Sentinel's 2017 All-Aurora Boys Track Team, which is based primarily on results from the Class 5A state track meet.
Cherokee Trail, Regis Jesuit, Grandview, Rangeview, Overland and Smoky Hill also earned at least some representation among the city's top performers.
Wells streaked to their second straight 5A state championship in the 400 meters and finished just 0.3 seconds out of first in the 100 and 200 as well. Wells' performance as the anchor leg on the Thunderbirds' 4×200 meter relay is the most memorable, however, as they dove across the finish line to give their team the state title.
Heredia also ran a leg on that winning relay along with fellow juniors Oscar Sarabia and Casey Sharpe, which tuned them up for their attempt at a second straight state title in the 300 meter hurdles. Running alongside the most serious challenger, Cherokee Trail's Kellen Monestime, Heredia earned their coveted repeat. They also earned All-Aurora honors in the 110 meter hurdles with a third-place finish.
In their one and only state meet, Monestime made the medal podium four times in all and twice as a runner-up, as they teamed up with KJ Sapp, Tyler Kruse and Nelson Alluce to finish second in the 4×100 relay. The Cougars (fourth as a team) challenged top-seeded Fountain-Fort Carson until the end, but couldn't overtake the Trojans.
Senior Rylan Wallace led Aurora runners in the 1,600 and 3,200 meters, while senior Ruben Estrada's fifth-place finish in the discus provided another shot of points for Cherokee Trail.
Regis Jesuit scored points here and there, with the big totals coming primarily from the field events.
Senior Geoffrey Lord rushed to the pole vault competition shortly after the school's graduation ceremony and got ready enough earn a podium spot in the event. One of only four vaulters in the state to clear 15 feet during the season (15-4), Lord's 14-7 — achieved in fewer attempts than a handful of others who cleared the same height, including Eaglecrest's Josiah Barker — put them in fourth place.
Junior Tama Tuitele made a name for themselves as a linebacker for Regis Jesuit in the fall, but they performed well in the shot put all season as well. Tuitele managed to leapfrog in front of another Aurora football player — Grandview's Robert Moss — to earn the All-Aurora spot with their second place finish.
Overland sophomore Lacina Sangare represented the only Aurora state qualifier in the high jump and they made something of their first state appearance. Sangare cleared 5-11 and grabbed a spot on the medal podium in a logjam for ninth place. The Trailblazers finished 16th as a team.
Grandview picked up points at the state meet in a variety of places, but neither of the two All-Aurora spots gained by the Wolves came with points.
Junior Caleb Randolph finished the season as Aurora's top 800 meter runners, though their season-best time of 2:01.67 left them out of a top 18 spots that qualified for state. Randolph combined with Chris Liston, Erick Valencia and Dan Karny on a 4×800 meter relay performance that didn't make them particularly happy in terms of time or place (14th), but led Aurora competitors.
Aurora's most accomplished jumper was Rangeview senior Chance Walker, who paced the city in both the triple jump and long jump. Keeping their focus despite some challenges in their personal life, Walker finished as the state runner-up in the long jump, while they grabbed four in the triple jump.
Smoky Hill had no individual qualifiers for the state meet, but the 4×400 meter relay team of Josh Cordova, Calvin Nguyen, Karson Avila and Darrius Gaw managed to secure All-Aurora honors in the event. The Buffaloes' finished in 12th place, just in front of Regis Jesuit.
Courtney Oakes is Sports Editor of the Aurora Sentinel. Reach them at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
2017 AURORA SENTINEL ALL-AURORA BOYS TRACK TEAM
100 meters: Darrien Wells, Hinkley, sr.; 200 meters: Darrien Wells, Hinkley, sr.; 400 meters: Darrien Wells, Hinkley, sr.; 800 meters: Caleb Randolph, Grandview, jr.; 1,600 meters: Rylan Wallace, Cherokee Trail, sr.; 3,200 meters: Rylan Wallace, Cheroke Trail, sr.; 110 meter hurdles: Angel Heredia, Hinkley, jr.; 300 meter hurdles: Angel Heredia, Hinkley, jr.; 4×100 meter relay: Cherokee Trail (Nelson Alluce, Tyler Kruse, KJ Sapp, Kellen Monestime); 4×200 meter relay: Hinkley (Casey Sharpe, Oscar Sarabia, Angel Heredia, Darrien Wells); 4×400 meter relay: Smoky Hill (Josh Cordova, Calvin Nguyen, Karson Avila, Darrius Gaw); 4×800 meter relay: Grandview (Caleb Randolph, Erick Valencia, Dan Karny, Chris Liston); High jump: Lacina Sangare, Overland, soph.; Long jump: Chance Walker, Rangeview, sr.; Triple jump: Chance Walker, Rangeview, sr.; Pole vault: Geoffrey Lord, Regis Jesuit, sr.; Discus: Ruben Estrada, Cherokee Trail, sr.; Shot put: Tama Tuitele, Regis Jesuit, jr.
Honorable mention
Josiah Barker, Ealgecrest, sr. (pole vault); Jackson Connelly, Regis Jesuit, fr. (200 meters); Ruben Estrada, Cherokee Trail, sr. (shot put); Paulison Fosu, Overland, sr. (110 meter hurdles); Zion Gordon, Regis Jesuit, soph. (110 meter hurdles); Aaron Harris, Grandview, jr. (long jump); Angel Heredia, Hinkley, jr. (400 meters); Blaize Holland, Cherokee Trail, jr. (400 meters); Kellen Monestime, Cherokee Trail, sr. (110 meter hurdles/300 meter hurdles); Robert Moss, Grandview, sr. (shot put); Cameron Murray, Overland, jr. (200 meters/400 meters); Oscar Sarabia, Hinkley, jr. (300 meter hurdles); Mathew Thomas, Rangeview, sr. (long jump); Kevin Traylor Jr., Gateway, jr. (long jump); Kenny Wantings, Eaglecrest, jr. (100 meters/200 meters); Relays: 4×200 meters — Cherokee Trail (Kellen Monestime, Tyler Kruse, Blaize Holland, KJ Sapp); Regis Jesuit (Ike Gholston, Jackson Connelly, Zion Gordon, Medhane Kiflom); Grandview (Joseph Blount, Hayden Blubaugh, Brandon Bodner, Aaron Harris)
The Yazoo City Housing Authority Director Betty Reed retired on June 30 after 33 years of service.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – The Russian Foreign Ministry on Saturday expressed disappointment with the confrontational and anti-Russian stance in the recently issued US Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) and outlined intentions to take the policies, revealed in the document, into account in ensuring its own security.
The NRP, published on Friday, claims a stronger US nuclear deterrent is needed to discourage Russia, China, Iran and North Korea from either developing new weapons or expanding existing arsenals. The US doctrine envisages short-term plans to modify existing submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) warheads to provide a low-yield option and pursue a modern nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile (SLCM) in the long run. The NPR notes that these activities are not intended at being employed in a nuclear warfare, however they are aimed at raising the US nuclear threshold to ensure that the country's potential adversaries perceive no possible advantage in nuclear escalation.
Moreover, in its nuclear doctrine the United States accuses Russia of repeated violations of several international arms control treaties and commitments, particularly the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty.
Russian Ambassador to the United States Anatoly Antonov was the first to react to the release of the NPR. The diplomat suggested on Friday that Washington used alleged Russian threat to justify a hike in military spending and nuclear buildup. Antonov noted that the document raised questions and did not encourage practical work.
Moscow Will Have to Take US Policies into Account
"The content of the new nuclear doctrine (the so-called Nuclear Posture Review) released by the United States on February 2 has provoked our deep disappointment. The confrontational and anti-Russian nature of this document strikes the eye. We can state with regret that the United States explains its policies for large-scale boost of nuclear weapons by referring to modernization of the nuclear forces in Russia and alleged increasing role of nuclear weapons in the Russian doctrine statements. We are accused of lowering the nuclear threshold and of conducting some 'aggressive behavior," the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a Saturday statement on the NPR.
Moscow suggested that the NPR questioned Russia's right to self-defense when countering aggression in situations critical for the country's existence.
"Of course, we will have to take into account the approaches introduced by Washington and take all necessary measures to ensure own security," the statement pointed out.
© AFP 2018/ BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI US New NPR: Foreign Threats Justify Arms Spending Hike - Russian Ambassador
The projects on creation of low-yield weapons for sea-based cruise missiles and low-yield warhead for ballistic missiles carried by Trident II submarines, mentioned in the new US nuclear doctrine, represent the most danger, the Russian Foreign Ministry noted, adding that nuclear weapons with such characteristics are designed as "battlefield weapons."
The ministry also suggested that the United States was misleading the global community by saying that the new NPR would not lower the threshold of nuclear weapons use.
"Even more dangerous is the belief of the US military experts and other specialists in the sphere of national security, emerging from the pages of the nuclear doctrine, in their ability to reliably simulate the development of conflicts, in which they allow usage of ‘low-yield' nuclear warheads. For us, the opposite is clear: significantly lowered ‘threshold conditions' may lead to a missile-nuclear war even during low-intensity conflicts," the Russian ministry stressed.
Moscow expressed deep concern over the fact that in its NPR, the United States allowed for the possibility of using nuclear weapons in "extreme circumstances," which, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry, are not limited to military scenarios.
"Washington's practically ‘adjustable' approach to the use of nuclear weapons is concerning. The possibility of its use in the case of ‘extreme circumstances' is declared, which the doctrine's authors do not limit to military scenarios," the statement read.
The US Nuclear Posture Review describes military scenarios in a rather unclear manner, thus allowing the United States to consider practically any case of military force use as a reason for carrying out a nuclear strike on those who it calls "aggressors," the document continued.
"If all this is not an increase of the nuclear weapons factor in the doctrine, then what does the United States mean when it uses this notion about Russia?" the statement pointed out, referring to the US statement on the increasing role of nuclear weapons in the Russian military doctrine.
Groundless Accusations
The Russian Foreign Ministry categorically refuted all the allegations against it, made in the US nuclear doctrine.
According to the ministerial statement, "the US document is overfilled with different anti-Russia cliches starting from far-fetched accusations of 'aggressive behavior' and different kinds of 'meddling' and finishing with baseless accusations of 'violations' of a whole range of arrangements in the sphere of arms control."
"Such peremptory cliches have recently been replicated by Washington without a pause. We consider this as an unfair attempt to shift on others the responsibility for the degradation of the situation in the field of international and regional security and the imbalance of arms control mechanisms, resulting from a series of irresponsible steps taken by the United States itself," the ministry added.
© REUTERS/ Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo New US Nuclear Posture Review Spurs Outrage Among Atomic Bomb Victims in Japan
The Russian Foreign Ministry called Washington's statements saying that Moscow refuses to further decrease its nuclear capabilities yet another "falsification."
The US nuclear doctrine said that Russia allegedly demonstrates lowering threshold for its first-use of nuclear weapons through statements of the country's officials.
Reacting to this statement, the Russian Foreign Ministry noted that these accusations against Russia had nothing to do with reality.
"The military doctrine of the Russian Federation clearly limits the use of nuclear weapons to two hypothetical and purely defensive scenarios: only in response to aggression with the use of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction against Russia and (or) our allies, and also — the second scenario – in case of use of conventional weapons, but only when the very existence of our state is threatened," the ministerial statement read.
The Russian ministry emphasized Moscow's openness for discussion of various issues, related to strengthening international security.
"We have directed the attention [of various players] including the United States to the fact, that settling key strategic stability problems, such as unilateral and unrestricted deployment of the US global missile defense system, implementation of the ‘global strike' concept, the US denial to ratify the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and refusal to rule out possibility of deploying weapons in space, would contribute to creating the needed conditions for moving on the path of nuclear disarmament," the statement pointed out.
Moreover, Moscow reiterated its commitment to obligations under various international treaties.
"Russia strictly complies with its obligations under all the international agreements. We fully implement the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty and the Treaty on Open Skies," the statement read.
The statement also noted that Moscow had not in any way violated its obligations under the 2011 Vienna Document of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) on increasing security and confidence-building measures, and the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances.
"As for the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe [CFE], Russia could not have violated this document, because it had suspended its participation in the agreement back in 2007. This has been done because the Treaty, created during the era of confrontation between two military and political blocs, the Warsaw Treaty Organization and NATO [the North Atlantic Treaty Organization], does not fit in today's reality, because one of the blocs was dismissed long ago, while the other one, on the contrary, has been increasing its potential and expanding its ‘geography,'" the document pointed out.
This new reality has been reflected in the Agreement on Adaptation of the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe (CFE-II), which NATO allies led by the United States refused to ratify, the statement noted.
Despite hot temperatures, thousands gathered in Boston as part of a nationwide movement to protest President Trump's immigration policies that have led to families being separated from each other.
Scroll for more content...
Organizers say over 15,000 people participated in Boston's Families Belong Together Saturday. The demonstration called on lawmakers at the federal level to end family separation and detention, as well as called on local officials to ensure due process for detained immigrants and that local law enforcement don't serve as ICE agents.
U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren and Edward Markey and U.S. Rep. Joseph Kennedy III spoke in front of a large crowd on Boston's City Hall Plaza to kick off the event. Sen. Warren recounted their experience of being inside a facility in Texas.
"What I saw made me sick to my stomach. I saw cages of human beings," Warren said. "I spoke to mothers whose children have been taken from them by the U.S. government. Mothers who have been lied to. Mother's who have no idea where their children are."
BELLA HADID
"People say that I don't smile, or that I don't have a personality," Hadid told Paper Magazine in 2016, while talking about how they wanted to be seen as more outgoing and not just "Gigi Hadid's sullen sister." Recently, the model elaborated on why she's often photographed sans smile. "I feel uncomfortable, sometimes, smiling in front of the camera. It actually took me until probably this year to really understand my face," they told The Guardian.
Hadid's camera-shy smile means that people are often surprised by their in-person demeanor. "People meet me sometimes and say: 'You're so different to what I expected.' People always tell me I seem mean or intimidating on social media. But I really love engaging with new people," they shared.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas official who is vice chairperson of President Donald Trump's commission on election fraud drafted a proposal for Trump to change federal voter registration laws.
A federal court document unsealed Thursday shows the proposal was part of a strategic homeland security plan prepared by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach.
Kobach was photographed taking the document into a meeting with Trump in November when Trump was president-elect. The portion dealing with federal voter registration laws was not fully visible.
U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson also unsealed a second document prepared by Kobach and shared inside their office. It contained the text of the proposed changes to federal law.
Kobach was forced to turn over the documents as part of a voting-rights lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
Westvaco Announces Management Changes
Westvaco Corp. (New York) has announced the retirement of James Thompson, VP of Corporate Traffic and Purchasing, effective July 7, 1999. Succeeding Thompson is William Stewart, VP of Westvaco's Richmond, VA, division. Stewart will be responsible for Westvaco's corporate purchasing, travel services and transportation.
Prior to joining Westvaco in 1999, Stewart was VP of Materials Management for Union Camp Corp. (Wayne, NJ). Before that they were director of Corporate Transportation for Owens-Illinois Corp.
In addition to this management change, Sally Crooks, group manager for Raw Materials, was also promoted to director of Corporate Purchasing, effective June 1. They will report to VP of Corporate Traffic and Purchasing. Crooks joined Westvaco in 1981 as rate specialist in the Corporate Transportation Dept. in New York. In 1984, they were promoted to buyer in Corporate Purchasing and advanced to Transportation Manager in 1993. In 1997 they attained their current post as group manager for Raw Materials.
Westvaco produces paper, envelopes, packaging and specialty chemicals across the U.S. with wholly-owned manufacturing operations in Brazil, the Czech Republic and a joint venture in China.
TOKYO (Sputnik) — The upper house of the Japanese parliament passed a controversial bill early on Thursday that authorizes measures aimed at preventing terror plots in the run-up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
© AFP 2017/ JIJI PRESS Japanese Parliamentary Committee Approves Bill Targeting Criminal Conspiracies
The bill strengthening police powers to crack down on those mulling terror attacks and other serious crime was adopted by senators in Japan's House of Councillors after almost four hours of deliberations.
A demonstration was held outside the National Diet during the entire session, with protesters calling amendments to anti-terrorism laws undemocratic and disruptive to the nation's criminal law.
Critics fear that the so-called anti-conspiracy legislation, which criminalizes plotting to commit 277 offenses, could increase state surveillance of labor unions and other civil rights groups. One of the contentious clauses seeks to punish a group of conspirators where only one person tried to raise money or survey the site of a future crime.
The South Mississippi St. Jude Dream Home construction is complete. It's the half million dollar home that St Jude is giving away. You can tour the Dream Home every weekend from now through April 1. The Saturday hours are nine to five. Sunday hours are noon to five. The home is in West Gulfport in the Oak Shadow neighborhood, just off the beach.
Scheduling mid-season international friendlies alongside qualification matches makes no sense, says Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho, after defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling picked up injuries on England duty last week.
Smalling started in England's friendly defeat in Germany but then had to pull out of the squad with a leg injury, while Jones suffered a toe injury in training.
With both players missing England's 2-0 World Cup qualifier victory over Lithuania, Mourinho questioned the need for friendlies during the domestic season.
"I am totally against the friendly matches," they told Sky Sports. "I think friendly matches for the national team only make sense before the final phases.
"But mid-season friendly matches mixed with qualification matches, I don't think that makes sense."
United will be without both defenders for Saturday's Premier League clash against West Bromwich Albion, while midfielder Paul Pogba and captain Wayne Rooney are also on the treatment table.
Leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and midfielder Ander Herrera will miss the weekend's game as they serve the final game of their suspensions.
With 13 United players involved in international games over the past week, Mourinho said their side were at a disadvantage against eighth-placed West Brom.
"If you compare our situation with our opponents, West Bromwich Albion, only one player on international duty," they added.
"They had time to work, time to rest and prepare. It's going to be hard."
United is fifth in the league, four points behind fourth-placed Liverpool with two games in hand.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
SEATTLE — Construction is everywhere in our region. But a problem that many companies are having is finding qualified construction workers.
A program that started about 18 months ago is hoping to give potential construction workers a leg up on the competition. It's called the Pre-Apprenticeship Construction Education, or PACE, program, and several people said it's changing lives along with the Seattle landscape.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Santos Lueva's life has changed. The former Yakima resident is graduating from the program on Friday.
"I'm on time, I work hard and keep a positive attitude. That will set me up to succeed,” said Lueva.
But this wasn't their attitude all of the time. Lueva said they were just released from prison in February after serving 12 ½ years. After their release, they were looking for a way to change their lives. They said the PACE program was it.
"I've learned that you're going to want it for yourself,” said Lueva. “And I wanted it for myself. And ever since then, I`ve been working hard.”
Students in the program range from those who have master's degrees to ex-cons. They are all just looking to jump on a career that pays well and is in high demand.
The PACE program is 11 weeks and is unpaid. People interested need to pass a drug test pass, be at least 18 years old. A GED/high school diploma is preferred but not necessary. Students will then be selected in a competitive try-out.
For those 11 weeks, students learn the ins-and-outs of the construction trade.
“Every morning it starts out with physical work, and then we go off into construction math, and blueprints. And then I kind of teach the hands-on,” said John Collins, PACE trade instructor.
Rep. Suzan DelBene, D-Wash., took a tour of the facility in Magnuson Park. They said that there needs to be a national commitment to addressing the skills gap.
"Apprenticeships are a key part of that, making sure that people get the training and skills they need,” said DelBene. “The actual skills that employers are looking for."
According to recent numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there was a 4% jump in construction hires this year, compared to last year.
“We have about 135 percent employment now,” said Lee Newgent, executive secretary of the Washington State Building & Construction Trades. “We have about 35% of our workers coming from other states. But we`re going to need about 30-40% increase over a five-year window.”
Program officials tell students that there will eventually be a construction lull in the market. But they also tell students to not let that stop them from reaching their goals. It's not stopping Santos.
“Every day I wake up and I'm like, what did I ever do to deserve the opportunities that came in my life, after so much wrong that I've done,” they said. “Now I just want to inspire the next generation of people.”
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
It's safe to say that Aidan Rooney is a fan of the new six-team group system used in this year's Connacht Gold Senior Championship, the Glencar/Manorhamilton manager plainly stating “As far as I'm concerned, the championship has worked.”
With a review of adult football structures underway at the moment, Aidan launched a staunch defence of the standard of football in the county ahead of Sunday's Senior Final clash with Mohill.
“People are knocking the standard of football but Leitrim football always had the pride and the passion and we need to bring a bit more of that back to the table again and we can be there or thereabouts again and get back up the ladder.
“From the players I've been looking at from Mohill and Manorhamilton, you'd be hoping that would be the way it will go and push it on.”
And Aidan believes the new group system has helped develop Leitrim football - “Having the games close together, it takes away the training which is great, That is what you want at this time of the year.
“Training is difficult because you are watching guys getting injuries but when they are playing championship games, they are just playing and that is the best preparation.
“As far as I'm concerned, the championship has worked, it has given continuity, it has given lads games, there is no waiting about weeks for games, lads are playing week after week after week.
“You are getting to build and develop your team in a very quick setting and fellows hadn't time to think.”
SEE WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE STORIES AND INTERVIEWS AHEAD OF NEXT SUNDAY'S LEITRIM SENIOR AND INTERMEDIATE CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS.
CALGARY — Uber Canada said late Monday that 815,000 Canadian riders and drivers may have been affected as part of its worldwide data breach announced in November.
The disclosure came the same day the federal privacy commissioner said it had opened a formal investigation into the data breach, which saw the theft of information from some 57 million Uber accounts globally in October, 2016.
Uber said the information taken includes names, email address, and mobile phone numbers from the accounts, but that its investigation has not identified any location history, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, or dates of birth were downloaded.
Uber Canada spokesperson Jean-Christophe de le Rue said the company will co-operate with the commissioner's investigation.
"The privacy of riders and drivers is of paramount importance at Uber and we will continue to work with the privacy commissioner on this matter."
News of the breach prompted authorities in the U.S. and U.K. to launch formal investigations immediately, while the commissioner in Canada initially asked that Uber file a report explaining how the breach happened and its impact on Canadians.
The privacy commissioner gave little detail in announcing the now formal investigation, noting confidentiality provisions under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
The commissioner's investigation was prompted by a letter from a parliamentarian, said spokesperson Tobi Cohen.
Details of the number of Canadians affected also comes after Toronto city council voted last week to demand information from the company on the breach, based on requirements in their license agreement with the city.
The company is also facing lawsuits, including one from Washington State, for failing to disclose the breach despite laws requiring it to do so.
Local glassmaker Yorgos Papadopoulos, who lives in London half the time and spends the other half on our island, is preparing to showcase their latest creations in the exhibition 35oN/33oE Georef, which will open at the Almyra Hotel in Paphos on Saturday.
After working from their studio in London for two decades, last year Papadopoulos decided to live partly in Cyprus, where they could produce large-scale projects. Although they have been away from home for a long time their art is often inspired by the island and almost all of it has Cypriot references. The reference to the island is clear in this exhibition as the title refers to the geographical location of Cyprus.
The geographical points in the title pinpoint a small village in Paphos in a garage of which the artist's grandfather used to park their bus. Now this garage has been turned into a small gallery.
When working with glass for this project, Papadopoulos did not treat it as a brittle material. Rather they broke it, hit it and threw it on the floor. They treated it with violence to remind us of the Turkish invasion, which they lived through at an early age. Also, the small cracks in the glass remind us of the imperfections of life.
35oN/33oE Georef
Solo exhibition by Yorgos Papadopoulos. March 24 until April 24. Almyra Hotel, Paphos. Tel: 26-888700
North Korea earned nearly $200 million from exporting coal and other banned commodities last year, according to a new United Nations report.
Scroll for more content...
The report was authored by a panel of experts investigating North Korea and has been sent to a UN committee on North Korea. CNN has obtained key sections of the report from a UN diplomat who is not authorized to speak publicly.
CNN has not reviewed the entire document.
Despite numerous rounds of international sanctions, North Korea exported almost all the commodities that had been prohibited in the resolutions between January and September of last year, the report indicates.
It also indicates that North Korea exported coal to China, Malaysia, Russia and Vietnam, in addition to falsifying- documents to conceal the origin of the coal.
China has consistently denied breaching sanctions.
Investigators highlighted that North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system," the document states.
Investigators also suggested that Pyongyang has supplied weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
Tough sanctions
A series of increasingly strict resolutions were passed at the UN Security Council against Pyongyang in 2017, in response to the rogue regime's repeated weapons tests.
The measures, passed after intense lobbying by Washington, targeted energy, money transfers and shipping.
North Korea has for years used deceptive shipping practices to bring in money and goods for the regime. But its fleet has come under increased scrutiny as the United States has looked for new ways to punish the Kim regime.
The issue of ship-to-ship transfers was brought up several times at a summit on North Korea in Vancouver last month. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that more was needed to be done on the issue of maritime interdiction operations when it comes to stopping sanctions violations.
"We must put an end to illicit ship-to-ship transfers that undermine UN sanctions," they said.
Two weeks ago, a Japanese spy plane spotted a North Korean tanker likely violating UN sanctions by engaging in an illicit ship-to-ship transfer with a Dominican flagged ship.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
A MAN had to land a single-engine Cessna aeroplane on mudflats after coming into engine troubles.
The man, who was the only person in the plane, landed without injury yesterday afternoon.
It is believed the plane was having engine issues.
The plane came to rest on mudflats between Croker Island and Oenpelli.
A CareFlight fixed wing King Air plane landing at Oenpelli, picked up the initial distress call and relayed it to traffic control.
CareFlight crews then began searching for the crashed plane.
The CareFlight plane then circled overhead until radio contact was established with the man.
A rescue helicopter was tasked by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority to assist with the rescue.
The helicopter flew directly to the scene and landed safely on the mud flat and flown the man to Oenpelli before returning to Darwin shortly after 8pm.
THE BANGKO SENTRAL ng Pilipinas (BSP) may consider raising rates this quarter in the face of quickening inflation and faster economic growth, analysts at the First Metro Investment Corp. (FMIC) and the University of Asia & the Pacific (UA&P) said in their latest joint report.
“With inflation breaching the four-percent upper limit of the BSP target, it is now more likely that the Monetary Board will raise its policy rates by 25 basis points in Q2,” the economists said in the April issue of The Market Call.
The BSP's Monetary Board will decide on interest rates on May 10, the third policy review for 2018. This will be followed by another review by June 21.
The BSP kept borrowing rates unchanged at 2.5-3.5% last month, unfazed by accelerating inflation despite observations from economists that the central bank is behind the curve as far as interest rates are concerned.
Inflation accelerated to 4.3% in March under the 2012-based consumer price index, led by a surge in the prices of cigarettes and alcohol as well as rice, according to the Philippine Statistics Authority. That was the fastest price pick-up in at least five years, bringing the three-month average to 3.8%, close to the ceiling of the BSP's 2-4% target for 2018.
FMIC and UA&P expect inflation to hit 4.3% this month, 4.5% in May and 4.6% in June, shooting up from year-ago readings.
“We think that the uptrend in inflation will continue in the short-run but will start to decelerate once the effect of TRAIN has been fully felt by Q3,” the report read, referring to Republic Act No. 10963 or the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion law that took effect on Jan. 1.
Analysts have been calling for a rate hike from the BSP as early as last year, with some saying that the monetary authority is already behind the curve as global yields continue to rise following several tightening moves in the United States as well as from other central banks.
Monetary authorities said they are prepared to “take immediate and appropriate measures” to carry out the BSP's mandate of price and financial stability, confident the economy can weather the impact of higher interest rates.
“Inflation for the next three months is not itself a basis for action… but if the forecast is that inflation will cover more commodities and will last longer, then that will call for a rethinking of the current policy stance,” Monetary Board Member Felipe M. Medalla said during the Development Budget Coordination Committee briefing on Tuesday.
Still, The Market Call said the outlook for the Philippine economy remains “rosy,” with initial indicators pointing to faster expansion in the first quarter and for the entire year. It sees sees growth clocking 7-7.5%, well within the government's 7-8% goal for 2018. Investment spending led by the surge in public infrastructure is expected to be the “main driver” of growth alongside upbeat consumer spending.
Strong factory output and construction activity will also help provide a boost from the 6.4% growth seen during the first three months of 2017. — Melissa Luz T. Lopez
Mayor George Bass joins us to talk about re-implementing a tax incentive or abatement program, turning beachfront lots into construction sites.
Government allowing colleges to leave race out of decisions
Now Playing:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration said the government would no longer encourage schools to use race as a factor in the admissions process, rescinding Obama-era guidance meant to promote diversity among students.
The shift announced Tuesday gives colleges the federal government's blessing to leave race out of admissions and enrollment decisions and underscores the contentious politics that for decades have surrounded affirmation action policies, which have repeatedly been challenged before the Supreme Court.
The Obama administration memos encouraging schools to take race into account were among 24 policy documents revoked by the Justice Department for being "unnecessary, outdated, inconsistent with existing law, or otherwise improper." Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the changes an effort to restore the "rule of law," though civil rights groups decried the move and some universities said they intended to continue their diversity efforts as before.
The action comes amid a high-profile court fight over Harvard University admissions that has attracted the government's attention, as well as Supreme Court turnover expected to produce a more critical eye toward schools' race-conscious admissions policies.
The court's most recent significant ruling on the subject bolstered colleges' use of race among many factors in the admission process. But the opinion's author, Anthony Kennedy, announced their retirement last week, giving President Donald Trump a chance to replace them with a justice who may be more reliably skeptical of admissions programs that take race and ethnicity into account.
The new policy dramatically departs from the stance of the Obama administration, which said schools could consider race in admissions decisions. In one 2011 policy document, the administration said courts had recognized schools' "compelling interest" in ensuring racially diverse populations on campuses.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos testifies at a House Committee on Education and the Workforce, n Capitol Hill in Washington. The Trump administration is rescinding Obama-era guidance that encouraged schools to take a person's race into account to encourage diversity in admissions. That's according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity. less FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos testifies at a House Committee on Education and the Workforce, n Capitol Hill in Washington. The Trump administration is rescinding ... more Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 3 of 3 Government allowing colleges to leave race out of decisions 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
"Institutions are not required to implement race-neutral approaches if, in their judgment, the approaches would be unworkable," the guidance said. "In some cases, race-neutral approaches will be unworkable because they will be ineffective to achieve the diversity the institution seeks."
That guidance has now been rescinded, as have about a half-dozen similar documents, including some that sought to explain court rulings affirming the use of race to make admissions decisions.
In one such document, the Obama administration stated, "As the Supreme Court has recognized, diversity has benefits for all students, and today's students must be prepared to succeed in a diverse society and an increasingly global workforce."
The Trump administration's announcement is more in line with Bush-era policy that discouraged affirmative action and instead encouraged the use of race-neutral alternatives, like percentage plans and economic diversity programs.
Though such guidance doesn't have the force of law, schools could presumably use it to defend themselves against lawsuits over admission policies.
The Trump administration's Justice Department had already signaled concern about the use of race in admissions decisions.
The department, for instance, sided this year with Asian-American plaintiffs who contend in a lawsuit against Harvard that the school unlawfully limits how many Asian students are admitted.
Students for Fair Admissions, the group suing Harvard, is led by Ed Blum, a legal strategist who also helped white student Abigail Fisher sue the University of Texas for alleged discrimination in a case that reached the Supreme Court.
Blum said Tuesday the organization "welcomes any governmental actions that will eliminate racial classifications and preferences in college admissions." Harvard, meanwhile, said it would continue considering race as an admissions factor to create a "diverse campus community where students from all walks of life have the opportunity to learn with and from each other."
Civil rights groups criticized the Trump administration's announcement, saying it went against decades of court precedent permitting colleges to take race into account.
"We condemn the Department of Education's politically motivated attack on affirmative action and deliberate attempt to discourage colleges and universities from pursuing racial diversity at our nation's colleges and universities," Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said in a statement.
Lily Eskelsen García, president of the National Education Association, said "affirmative action has proven to be one of the most effective ways to create diverse and inclusive classrooms." They said the announcement underscored the stakes surrounding the upcoming Supreme Court appointment.
The high court has been generally accepting of considering race in admissions decisions to achieve diversity. In a 2016 opinion written by Kennedy, the court granted affirmative action policies a victory by permitting race to be among the factors considered in the college admission process.
The ruling bitterly disappointed conservatives who thought Kennedy would be part of a Supreme Court majority to outlaw affirmative action in education. Justice Antonin Scalia died after the court heard arguments in the case but before the decision was handed down.
The new affirmative action guidance may add to an already contentious fight over the next justice.
With Trump expected to announce their nominee next week, the issue should be a central part of any confirmation process, said Howard University law school dean Danielle Holley-Walker.
They called the new guidance "highly unfortunate and counterproductive" and said the decision is another indication that the Justice Department under Sessions is likely to be aggressive toward schools that do continue to factor in race in admissions decisions.
"People have been talking about precedent in regard to Roe. v. Wade" — the landmark 1973 ruling affirming a woman's right to abortion — "but it's important to remember that affirmative action has been a precedent for the past 40 years," they said. "This is a clear attack on precedent. Any Supreme Court nominee needs to be asked if they support precedent related to affirmative action."
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
___
Associated Press writers Mark Sherman and Jesse Holland in Washington, Collin Binkley in Boston and National Writer Errin Haines Whack in Philadelphia contributed to this report.
A $6 million project, 32 years in the making is close to being completed just west of the Popps Ferry bridge in Biloxi.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
James Conley III says they were "racially profiled" at an Old Navy store in Des Moines, US, where a store clerk accused them of stealing the jacket they wore to the shop.
On Monday, the man walked into the Iowa store wearing a blue Old Navy jacket that they had received for Christmas.
They went up to the counter to pay for some hoodies and the man behind the counter asked them if they also wanted to buy the jacket they were wearing.
Today I was racially profiled by the Old Navy store in West Des Moines, Iowa in Jordan creek. I was accused that I didn'... Posted by James Conley III on Tuesday, 30 January 2018
"First, I started laughing because I didnt believe what I was hearing," the man said on Facebook.
Advertisement
"The store manager Beau Carter was very unprofessional and stereotyped me because I was a black male."
The manager reportedly tried to say scanning Old Navy clothing a customer is wearing is standard procedure but Conley said they always wear this jacket when visiting the store and has never been able to scan their clothing.
"Then after they scan my jacket they try to make me repay for it?? Finally the District Manager Shannon (who refused to give out their last name) came out and I made them check the surveillance tape to prove that them and their fellow employees were in the wrong for racially profiling me because of the color of my skin," the man continued.
"Once they confirmed that I was telling the truth (after watching the tape) they never came back out to apologize to me nor did the store manager Beau Carter as you can see in my videos below."
Conley posted the footage to their Facebook page and it has since gone viral, with more than 141,000 shares and over 100,000 likes.
Old Navy has since taken to its Facebook page to apologise to the man, admitting they had been discriminated against.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
Kristen Bell's children keep them "grounded".
The 37-year-old actor has hilariously revealed how their kids - Lincoln, four, and Delta, two - keep their humble after they broke a 'Frozen' ornament and the head of Anna, who they voice in the movie, fell off.
Captioning a photo of the ornament, Kristen wrote: "This will be the cover of my autobiography and it will be titled 'My children keep me grounded.'"
And to help boost Kristen's self-esteem, fans rushed to social media, insisting that their child's favourite was Anna rather than Elsa.
One wrote: "Hahaha well just so you know, Anna is my daughters favorite. Everyone tries to get them to like Elsa and they always say "No, Anna!" (sic)"
Whilst another added: "My daughter loves Anna more than Elsa... They were Elsa for Halloween but that's because the costume was more accessible in them size... You rock t, I wish I had your voice (sic)"
It comes after Kristen recently revealed they have cut down on using the phrase 'it's OK' around their brood, because they think it "shuts down" their ability to express emotions.
They shared: "I do really like reevaluating how much we say to them, 'It's OK,' because it weirdly shuts down their ability to have emotions. Because they think, 'It's OK. I shouldn't be embarrassed. I shouldn't be sad.' So now when they get sad or embarrassed, I say, 'That's a stinky feeling, huh? I've felt it, too.' I just let them experience it, and hopefully it'll make healthy adults ...
"The one finger rule was something I really enjoyed. They said, 'Let your toddler experience things.' Like, 'I wanna touch that vase!' Rather than always saying, 'No,' you say, 'Let's do it! Let's do one finger.' So, my toddlers go around and touch everything with one finger."
MOSCOW The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday it was too early to accuse the Syrian government of being responsible for a deadly poison gas attack in Idlib Province and said a proper investigation was needed, the RIA news agency reported.
The ministry also rejected U.S. assertions that the attack, which killed at least 70 people, meant a deal to rid the country of its chemical weapons stockpile had failed, saying that the process had in fact been "quite successful," RIA reported.
U.S. President Donald Trump accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of going "beyond a red line" with the attack on civilians and said their attitude toward Syria and Assad had changed, but gave no indication of how they would respond.
Russia has suggested it will publicly stand by Assad however and says the chemical incident was likely caused by a leak from a depot controlled by Syrian rebels.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Workers clean windows outside the Cape Town headquarters of Anglo-South African financial services company Old Mutual, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Financial services group Old Mutual Plc's UK asset management business reported its higher ever quarter for client inflows and funds under management for the first three months of the year, citing increased demand for its services and platform.
Old Mutual Wealth forecast that markets would remain volatile and challenging in the medium term, especially until the outcome of Britain's June general election and more detail of the terms of the country's exit from the EU were known.
The business's net client cash flows, excluding Old Mutual Italy and the South African branches, rose 59 percent to 2.7 billion pounds ($3.5 billion) in the quarter ended March 31.
Its comparable funds under management jumped 6 percent to 122.3 billion pounds, Anglo-South African parent Old Mutual said in a statement on Friday.
"We have the right solutions for these uncertain times, particularly our multi-asset, absolute return and high alpha product ranges... We are hopeful that this momentum will continue throughout 2017," the unit's CEO Paul Feeney said.
In March, Old Mutual said it was on track to complete its break-up into four parts by the end of 2018, although improvements to IT systems at Old Mutual Wealth could take longer and cost more than expected.
($1 = 0.7752 pounds)
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Adrian Croft)
During the Summer months blood donations fall dramatically. According to the Irish Blood Transfusion Service, as of this morning (Wednesday, July 4) there are just four days supply of O+; O- and A+ blood; five days supply of A-; 6 days supply of B+; just one days supply of B-; 17 days supply of AB+ and 14 days supply of AB-.
The IBTS is asking that as many donors as possible come to Ballinamore Community Centre, Co. Leitrim today to make a donation. Every donation is vital and your donation could save a life.
Donations can be made from 3pm to 5pm and from 7pm to 9.30pm today.
Those with B- blood type are especially needed.
April 28 Pinnacle Investment Management Group Ltd
* FUM in pinnacle's affiliated investment managers were $25.0 billion as at 31 March 2017, up $1.7 billion or 7.3% from $23.3 billion as at 31 december 2016.
* NPAT and EPS guidance for fy2017 increased
* sees fy17 group npat of $12m or more Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) says the unpopular process of chain migration, whereby newly naturalized citizens can bring an unlimited number of foreign relatives to the United States with them, is “a pillar of the American immigration system.”
In a clip on social media, Duckworth defends the unpopular chain migration system, which has imported more than nine million foreign nationals to the U.S. since 2005, claiming the mass immigration of foreign relatives is somehow related to the country's founding principles.
Family reunification recognizes that what makes a family American is a shared commitment to the values of freedom and equality that are enshrined in the Constitution, not where the family is from pic.twitter.com/BIDZY4CzBN — Tammy Duckworth (@SenDuckworth) February 2, 2018
“Today, I want to talk about a pillar of the American immigration system, family reunification,” Duckworth says. “Family reunification reflects what is truly great about our nation. It recognizes that what makes a family American is a shared commitment to the values of freedom and equality that are enshrined in the Constitution.” [Emphasis added]
The Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) explains how chain migration works:
Duckworth also claimed that by pushing to end chain migration, President Trump and their senior adviser Stephen Miller were attempting to destroy family units, though the plan they've introduced would allow nuclear family units to emigrate to the country.
“Unfortunately, I fear that a bipartisan legacy of valuing families is about to be thrown away by Donald Trump and Stephen Miller,” Duckworth claimed. “Trump and their followers won't even utter the ‘family reunification.' They do this because they fear the truth. Deep down, they know that there is nothing American about tearing families apart.”
Duckworth further said that chain migration is “an American value.”
Like Sen. Dick Durbin (D-IL), other Senate Democrats, and the Republican establishment, Duckworth's support for chain migration is backed up by billionaire mega-donors the Koch brothers, who oppose chain migration as well, despite immigration reductions having massive support among Americans.
Poll: 80 Percent of Americans Want Merit-Based Legal Immigration, Not Chain Migrationhttps://t.co/goZbriri7D — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) January 23, 2018
As Breitbart News reported, a recent Harvard-Harris poll found that nearly 80 percent of Americans said they believe “immigration priority for those coming to the U.S. should be based on a person's ability to contribute to America as measured by their education and skills—and not based on a person having relatives in the U.S.”
Trump, along with Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) and Sen. David Perdue (R-GA), has urged the Republican-controlled Congress to end chain migration, thus reducing legal immigration levels and raising Americans' wages, and replacing the system with a merit-based process where legal immigrants are admitted based on their skills and English proficiency.
The Harvard-Harris poll found that even with black Americans, who are hit the hardest by mass immigration, and Democrat voters, a merit-based legal immigration system is wildly popular.
A total of 85 percent of black Americans said they supported a merit-based immigration system, rather than the current flow of chain migration. Another 72 percent of Democrat, former voters for Hillary Clinton agreed that the legal immigration system should be based on skills, not family ties.
Black Americans also remain the most supportive demographic group in the nation for reducing legal immigration levels down from the current annual inflow of more than one million low-skilled foreign nationals to annually admitting between one to 250,000 legal immigrants, as Breitbart News reported.
Democrats, many of which once opposed chain migration, are expected to make major electoral gains if the current legal immigration system is not changed over the next two decades to 50 years.
In the next 20 years, Breitbart News reported how chain migration is expected to import between seven to eight million new foreign-born voters, the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) Director of Research Steven Camarota revealed.
The chain migration importation of eight million new foreign-born voters in the next two decades would be double the size of the annual number of U.S. births; about four million American babies are born every year.
Overall, including all legal immigration and not just chain migration, the U.S. is on track to bring in about 15 million new foreign-born voters in the next 20 years, as the country continues admitting more than one million legal immigrants every year.
In 2016, the legal and illegal immigrant population reached a record high of 44 million. By 2023, CIS estimates that the legal and illegal immigrant population of the U.S. will make up nearly 15 percent of the entire U.S. population. Chain migration has brought more than nine million legal immigrants to the U.S. since 2005.
Democrats are expected to make enormous gains, politically, as University of Maryland, College Park researcher James Gimpel has found in recent years that more immigrants to the U.S. inevitably means more Democrat voters and thus, increasing electoral victories for the Democratic Party.
In 2014, Gimpel's research concluded with three major findings:
Immigrants, particularly Hispanics and Asians, have policy preferences when it comes to the size and scope of government that are more closely aligned with progressives than with conservatives. As a result, survey data show a two-to-one party identification with Democrats over Republicans.
By increasing income inequality and adding to the low-income population (e.g. immigrants and their minor children account for one-fourth of those in poverty and one-third of the uninsured) immigration likely makes all voters more supportive of redistributive policies championed by Democrats to support disadvantaged populations.
There is evidence that immigration may cause more Republican-oriented voters to move away from areas of high immigrant settlement leaving behind a more lopsided Democrat majority.
Democrats like former San Antonio, Texas mayor Julian Castro admit that mass immigration to the U.S. will result in Democrat dominance for generations in swing states.
The Hispanic vote in Texas will continue to increase. By 2024 Democrats can win Texas, Arizona and Florida. A big blue wall of 78 electoral votes. https://t.co/6FT0NJyjyP — Julián Castro (@JulianCastro) January 23, 2018
Friday, October 6th. Day 260.
Need more? Check out our live-updating Trump channel. ​
Trump Rolls Back Birth Control Mandate For Insurers
On Friday, President Trump rolled back a rule that says insurance companies must provide coverage for birth control in their plans, according to The The Washington Post. The new rules come in the form of exemptions from the contraceptive mandate based on moral or religious beliefs. The mandate has been a source of much controversy after businesses and religious groups have fought against having to provide contraceptive coverage for their employees.
According to The Washington Post, Trump is also considering stopping payments to insurance companies in November that subsidize coverage for low-income individuals.
Trump Nominates Coal Lobbyist For Number Two Spot At EPA
Thursday, President Trump nominated coal lobbyist Andrew Wheeler to serve as deputy administrator at the EPA. Wheeler has worked in the energy practice at law firm Faegre Baker Daniels since 2009, and their clients have included nation's largest coal company. Previous to that, Wheeler worked for Senator James M. Inhofe, who is known for criticizing the "hysteria of global warming."
Trump May Replace Rex Tillerson With CIA Chief Mike Pompeo
President Trump is reportedly furious at Secretary Of State Rex Tillerson following a report earlier in the week that Tillerson disparaged Trump to other staff while being on the verge of quitting. NBC reports that Chief Of Staff John Kelly summoned Tillerson to the White House Wednesday to strategize a path forward after Trump vented to them for hours. Trump became angrier after Tillerson failed to initially deny that they called Trump a "moron."
Axios reports that Trump staffers are considering CIA chief Mike Pompeo as Tillerson's potential replacement.
CHIPPEWA VALLEY — A Wisconsin father is getting a lot of positive attention for their decision to get a tattoo to support their son's battle with a rare condition.
“I saw another father who did the same thing. Their son had a brain tumor, and they did it to boost the confidence of their child, and that's kind of the same reason I'm doing it,” Jeremy Cortner said.
They say scars are like battle wounds, but Cortner isn't the one fighting. Their son is.
“I've seen this scar before, just not on my own head,” Cortner said.
The design stretches from ear to ear. They had it done at Rezurrection Tattoo in Eau Claire — all for their six-year-old son Casey, who will be facing their second round of surgery in July.
“My son Casey had a craniosynostosis. That's when the sutures in their head fuse prematurely, so they did a surgery to kind of let the brain have room to grow again,” Cortner said.
Cortner said next month, doctors will repair soft spots on their skull, ones they say haven't healed since their first surgery, nearly six years ago.
“They're probably about one to two inches wide, so they're using 3D technology to go in and fill those spots. If we didn't do that, their brain couldn't grow and that would, they would potentially lose their sight and their hearing and their ability to learn because their brain couldn't utilize the room that it should,” Amy Cortner, Casey's mother said.
“I want them to know that they shouldn't feel isolated or alone with their scar,” Jeremy Cortner said. “I get to choose this. They don't get to choose his, you know? When they look back, and thinks about their surgery, maybe some positive memories will come out of something special my dad did for me instead of just the negative parts of it of how painful it was.”
“He can even refer to their dad even instead of himself, or they can say, ‘Look, we're the same,' you know? So they don't feel so alone,” Amy Cortner said.
The leader of the Unite union, Len McCluskey, has insisted they still support Jeremy Corbyn after they suggested the Labour leader would consider stepping down if the party's opinion poll ratings remained low.
Mr McCluskey, who has been one of Corbyn's strongest supporters, said the Labour leader and their shadow chancellor John McDonnell were “not egomaniacs” and would not want to keep their roles if there were no hope of victory.
Speaking to the Mirror , they said: “Let's suppose we are not having a snap election. It buys into this question of what happens if we get to 2019 and opinion polls are still awful. The truth is everybody would examine that situation, including Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell,” said Mr McCluskey, who added their backing for Corbyn was “based on critical support”.
“These two are not egomaniacs. They are not desperate to cling on to power for power's sake.” But in a subsequent tweet sent from the official Twitter feed for their campaign to stay on as Unite's general secretary, Mr McCluskey insisted this did not mean their backing for Corbyn was ebbing away.
Full support
“Jeremy Corbyn continues to have my full support, he's a genuine, decent man fighting for a fairer Britain – media headlines distort facts!” they said. Mr McCluskey added that Labour needed to pin down its stance on the free movement of people following departure from the EU, after different MPs expressed wildly varying assessments on the need for any change.
McCluskey, whose union is a major funder of Labour, said the party could lose votes to Ukip if it did not “get its narrative right on free movement” and immigration.
“We need to expose what Ukip stand for – not just anti-foreign, anti-workers' rights, their hidden agenda on the NHS and welfare state. But it will only work if ordinary people believe Labour is listening to their concerns and has solutions.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Recent polls have shown Theresa May's Conservatives leading Labour by around 12 points, with the prime minister's personal ratings also considerably higher than Mr Corbyn's. Labour also performed dreadfully in December's byelections in Richmond Park and Sleaford .
Senior Labour figures around Mr Corbyn have insisted the party's poll standing will improve, but Mr McCluskey's comments increase the pressure on the Labour leader. Mr McCluskey is facing their own challenge to remain as Unite's general secretary.
In a speech, their rival Gerard Coyne was to say that tightening border controls should be a fundamental part of the Brexit process.
Betrayed
“My many conversations with Unite members leave me in no doubt that those who voted for Brexit expect that promise of an end to uncontrolled immigration from the EU to be kept, and will feel betrayed if it is not,” they were due to say.
“Theresa May and other ministers should not wait until article 50 has been triggered to set out a negotiating position on free movement of labour. They should be saying now, without equivocation, that the issue is non-negotiable. There can be no compromise on the principle of taking back control of our borders.”
Mr Coyne later criticsed Mr McCluskey for seeking to be Labour's “puppet master”.
They said: “My criticism of their handling of the role of general secretary of Unite is not whether they have backed the right leader or the wrong leader of the Labour party, but that they appear to think it is their job to be Labour's puppet master.” This in return brought an angry response from Mr McCluskey, via Twitter. – (Guardian service)
Fake versions of the new ‘counterfeit-proof' fiver have turned out to be genuine, washed-out notes.
Police had issued a warning over fake versions of the new £5 notes - despite claims it was impossible to copy.
Officers issued the alert after what appeared to be counterfeits of the new design were seized.
Police published two key differences between a real £5 note and a fake one.
The Big Ben clock tower appears in gold on the real note but the landmark did not appear at all on the ‘fake'.
Also, clear holograms appear on the top and bottom on the front of the new note while the ones discovered in Cornwall are coloured and not holographic.
But The Bank of England subsequently issued a statement saying the ‘fake' fivers highlighted by police were genuine notes - but badly worn through ‘extreme use'.
A spokesperson said: “Polymer notes are stronger than paper notes and last longer in usual day-to-day use but they are not indestructible.
“The Bank of England is aware that a small number of polymer £5 notes have been damaged due to extreme use, for example prolonged washing at high temperatures.
“In some cases this has resulted in the foil Elizabeth Tower (Big Ben) being removed.
“These notes are damaged genuine banknotes not counterfeits, and a lot of other security features remain intact such as the Queen's portrait in the window and the microlettering.
“The Bank has not seen any counterfeit Churchill £5 notes printed on polymer.”
Turkey continues to deny their responsibility in the crime committed against the Armenians, House President Demetris Syllouris said on Tuesday at a ceremony marking the 103rd Remembrance Day of the Armenian Genocide.
Cyprus, they said, was one of the ports-of-call for Armenian refugees, who began to arrive on the island in the late 19th century following the “intensification of the Turkish cruelty.”
The Armenian genocide is considered to have started on April 24, 1915 and to have lasted throughout WWI. Other ethnic Greeks and Assyrians that had lived in Turkey were also subjected to the same policies that forced the Armenians out and saw approximately 1,500,000 people killed.
Syllouris said that the survivors and refugees that arrived in Cyprus were made part of Cypriot society and have become a “vital part of it.”
Cyprus formally recognised the Armenian genocide in 1965, while on the 100th anniversary in 2015, parliament passed a bill to criminalise any form of denial of the genocide, Syllouris noted.
Armenian representative in parliament Varktes Mahdessian also spoke at the event, noting that Turkey continues to deny the genocide. “Turkey is not willing to pay even a cent to the survivors of the genocide or their offspring since that would mean that not only the Armenians could claim their share, but also the Greeks, the Assyrians, and maybe even the Kurds, the Cypriots, and the Alevites”.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EDMOND, Okla. - A veterinarian in Oklahoma has quite a tale to tell after removing 21 pacifiers from a dog's stomach.
The veterinarian at Gentle Care Animal Hospital said they had to share the story because "this was the most fascinating and exciting surgery I have ever done..."
A local couple recently had a baby and were wondering what was happening to all of their child's pacifiers.
One day, the child's grandmother saw the dog, Dovey, jump up on the counter and take off with one.
The couple told the veterinarian that Dovey had slowed down their eating and had been vomiting a little phlegm for a few days, but other than that, they said the dog seemed fine and that they hadn't noticed any other changes.
When Dovey vomited up a pacifier one day, the couple decided it was time to take the dog in for an x-ray, according to the hospital's Facebook post.
Judging from the x-ray, the local veterinarian believed there were between 7 to 9 pacifiers in the dog's stomach.
However, during surgery, the veterinarian found 21 pacifiers in the dog's stomach!
Fortunately, Dovey is doing great and gets to go home today, the veterinarian told KFOR.
"Dog's will eat anything, anytime and at any age so always be watching!!!" the veterinarian posted to Facebook.
Sicamous RCMP say a collision between two semis on the Bruhn Bridge Friday morning could have had substantially worse results.
Sgt. Murray McNeil reports at 11:30 a.m on Oct. 6, a westbound tractor trailer sideswiped an eastbound tractor trailer on the bridge. Police arrived on the scene to find the drivers of both rigs had parked on the shoulder of Highway 1 while the bridge remained littered with debris from the collision.
“The investigation determined that the driver of the westbound semi crossed the centre of the bridge into the lane of the oncoming eastbound truck,” said McNeil.
The driver's side mirrors were sheared off both rigs while the front corner of the westbound trailer was torn open. McNeil adds the eastbound trailer also suffered significant damage.
Neither driver was injured.
Despite the debris, the highway remained open following the collision.
McNeil said the driver of the westbound truck, a 51-year-old Ontario man, was charged with crossing a double solid line.
“The incident could have easily resulted in significant injuries to the drivers, and a lengthy closure of the No. 1 highway… was narrowly avoided,” said McNeil.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Cambridge University rejected research conducted by Alexander Kogan, the academic who was hired by consultancy firm Cambridge Analytica to collect information from tens of millions of Facebook profiles, in 2015 because of their controversial approach to privacy issues, local media reported Tuesday.
In March, media reports emerged that personal information of about 50 million Facebook users had been harvested by Cambridge Analytica without their permission through a special app designed by Kogan. According to The Guardian newspaper, in 2015, Kogan proposed researching how Facebook activity was linked to one's socioeconomic status and environment.
© REUTERS / Henry Nicholls Cambridge Analytica Researcher Kogan Calls Facebook Data Mining ‘Pretty Usual'
The Guardian reported, citing the newly released papers, that Cambridge University's ethics panel said that the Kogan's proposal was rather worrisome, and the project of this nature should be rejected. One of the panel members reportedly stated that Facebook users had not given their consent to allow the research to be conducted.
According to the media outlet, the documents were released ahead of a House of Commons hearing where Kogan is scheduled to appear in connection with an investigation into fake news and information. The scholar had reportedly never previously mentioned the fact that their research was rejected by the university.
Facebook has acknowledged that the information of millions users of the social network — up to 87 million people mostly located in the United States, according to the recent estimates — was harvested by Cambridge Analytica. The firm gathered the information from social media accounts to develop a mechanism that would predict and influence the behavior of voters.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
A Brisbane woman was at home with their young children when they were repeatedly stabbed by their partner before they crashed their car into a parked truck and died.
The 46-year-old man entered the Forest Lake home about 3.30am on Monday.
They repeatedly stabbed the 37-year-old in the upper body and turned on their 18-year-old son when they tried to stop the attack.
Another three young children, believed to be under the age of 10, were also at home but weren't injured.
The mum and the 18-year-old were taken to Princess Alexandra Hospital, where they remain in a stable condition.
The man fled the house but died soon after when their car slammed at speed into the back of a parked semi-trailer at nearby Wacol.
Inspector Steve Flori told the Nine Network the young children in the home were being cared for while their mum recovered in hospital.
DVConnect chief executive Diane Mangan told AAP it appeared to be yet another case of domestic violence.
"Doesn't it almost have the ring of Teresa Bradford," they said on Monday.
Ms Bradford was killed at their Gold Coast home on January 31 by their estranged husband David Bradford, who was released on bail weeks earlier.
They then killed himself.
Ms Mangan said DV Connect checked its records following Monday's incident to see if the Queensland-based support service had previously helped the Forest Lake family.
"If we did know the family we don't know the name," they said, referring to the fact thousands of women call for advice but don't provide their details.
Ms Mangan said it was time for Australia to accept there had been an increase in an "extreme level of entitled violence" by some men.
"We at DV Connect have never dealt with more serious, high-risk cases ever before in our history," they said.
"In the past two years we've progressively noticed that more of the calls for help to safety are coming from women in a very treacherous condition, very concerned that a homicide could easily happen at any minute.
"I don't say that lightly."
Ms Mangan said the biggest concern was the increase in strangulation.
"Strangulation is one of the highest predictors of domestic homicide," they said.
"Every day we are speaking to women who are outlining strangulation to us.
"It's quite alarming even to our counsellors."
Ms Mangan urged any woman being subjected to physical or sexual violence to immediately seek safety for themselves and their children.
Police are continuing to investigate the Forest Lake incident.
National domestic violence helpline: 1800 737 732 or 1800RESPECT. In an emergency call triple-zero.
Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14.
Suicide Call Back Service 1300 659 467.
MensLine Australia 1300 78 99 78.
Originally published as Qld woman stabbed while children at home
click to enlarge
In the 1939 film Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Jimmy Stewart's character, Jefferson Smith, an idealistic and slightly naive man, is appointed the junior senator from their home state. Throughout the film, they appear to be out of step, behind the eight ball, but willing to learn "how the game is played" in Washington, from their sinister senior senator.
When the dirty business of politics and conflicts of interest arise, Smith defends their cause and is shown no mercy or respect and eventually slandered with false accusations. (Sound familiar?)  They are literally brought to their knees when they faint after their 24-hour filibuster in the senate chambers. But the movie has a happy ending, owing to director Frank Capra's belief that there is something to be said for this here democracy and what one person's voice can accomplish.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, no less idealistic but with greater knowledge of the workings of Congress, was also shown great disrespect and temporarily silenced by an arcane rule, for reading historical letters from Sen. Edward Kennedy and Ms. Coretta Scott King, that voiced their concern for Jeff Sessions' appointment to the courts in Alabama. These are letters that would allow for the robust debate the American people need at this time in our democracy, especially when it appears our independent judicial branch of government is under attack.
Even more distressing is the fact that fellow male senators rose and completed reading those letters without being subjected to that same rule applied to Sen. Warren. It appears that Sen. Mitch McConnell not only showed poor judgment in their decision to curtail discussion of a prospective appointee's qualifications, but they have now opened a second front with their boorish behavior toward a female colleague. Perhaps Sen. McConnell would retitle their version of Capra's classic as Woman, Shut Up and Sit Down!
E.G. Singer lives in Santa Rosa.
Open Mic is a weekly feature in the 'Bohemian.' We welcome your contribution. To have your topical essay of 350 words considered for publication, write openmic@bohemian.com.
The latest major discovery on the icy continent just goes to prove once again how little we really know about Antarctica, and the fact is over the coming years, many more major discoveries are likely waiting to be announced.
Located in an area known as the West Antarctic Rift System, the various volcanoes discovered range in height from 100m to up to 3,850m, with some similarities to the East African volcanic ridge, currently believed to be the densest concentration of volcanoes in the world.
The survey was carried out after a suggestion by a third year university student from the University Of Edinburgh called Max Van Wik de Vries.
“Antarctica remains among the least studied areas of the globe, and as a young scientist I was excited to learn about something new and not well understood,” they said. “After examining existing data on West Antarctica, I began discovering traces of volcanism. Naturally I looked into it further, which led to this discovery of almost 100 volcanoes under the ice sheet.”
Whether or not the volcanoes are still active is yet to be determined, but should inform ongoing seismic monitoring and research in the area.
An Oklahoma man who espoused violent, anti-government views was arrested over the weekend in an alleged plot to detonate what they thought was a 1,000-pound bomb outside an Oklahoma City bank.
Jerry Drake Varnell, 23, was arrested Friday shortly after they allegedly attempted to activate what they believed to be an explosives-laden van just outside of the BancFirst building. The scheme echoed the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing attack that killed dozens.
Varnell was charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce, according to a press release from the U.S. Justice Department. Mark Yancey, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma, announced in a brief Monday press conference that Varnell could face 5-20 years in prison if convicted.
News reports and a criminal complaint paint a picture of an angry young man sympathetic to the views of the anti-government “Three Percenter” movement and keen to seek retaliation against what they viewed as an overly intrusive federal bureaucracy. Their cues and references were ripped from news headlines and pop culture.
“That's the kind of shit I want to fucking do, it's time to do that kind of fucking shit,” Varnell said in a conversation with an FBI source and an undercover FBI agent, as quoted in the complaint. They were referring to the action that Tyler Durden, the nihilist “Fight Club” protagonist, expressed wanting to take against the federal government by destroying its facilities.
Varnell allegedly told both individuals during that same conversation at an Elk City, Oklahoma restaurant that they adhered to the “III% ideology” and wanted to start the next revolution.
As the Southern Poverty Law Center has documented, the Three Percenter movement adheres to the mistaken belief that only three percent of American colonists fought the British during the American Revolution.
Varnell's alleged months-long efforts to obtain explosive devices, pick and case their target, and find anti-government allies willing to support their crusade are detailed at length in the complaint. According to the complaint, they maintained an electrically-powered storage container in the backyard of the home they shared with their parents that was stocked with food, supplies and a hidden room where they planned to grow marijuana.
They allegedly told the FBI source that they had built the bunker for use “when the world (or United States) collapsed” and that they were attempting to build a “team” of like-minded associates.
“I'm out for blood,” Varnell told the individual, as quoted in the complaint. “When militias start getting formed im going after government officials when I have a team.”
The complaint states those messages were captured in audio recordings, Facebook messages and encrypted text messages.
Varnell described their plans for the bomb and how it would work, telling the source they wanted to “go with what the OKC bomber used” but that they planned to set it off at night to avoid mass casualties, according to the complaint. They acknowledged some deaths may be unavoidable, allegedly telling the undercover FBI agent “you got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet.”
The complaint also charges Varnell prepared a Facebook message that they wanted to put out after the attack was completed, so that no other group could take credit for it.
That message, as quoted in the complaint, called the bombing “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions. It is also a call to arms, to show people that there are still fighters among the American people. The time for revolution is now.”
The Oklahoman newspaper reported that Varnell had a history of mental health issues, including a domestic assault and battery charge for an alleged attempt to choke their now ex-wife. In plea paperwork, Varnell said they first received treatment for schizoaffective disorder in Feb. 2013, according to the report.
Varnell was arrested at around 1 a.m. local time Saturday morning, after constructing what they believed to be a bomb with the undercover FBI agent, driving to the BancFirst building in a van they believed stolen, and making repeated attempts to detonate it, according to the U.S. Attorney's office.
Asked if Varnell has retained an attorney or received court-appointed representation, Yancey's office told TPM that their legal representation would be discussed when they make their initial appearance in court at 3 p.m. local time.
Read the complaint below:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Speech to Text for Morning Weather
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like triple digits. the time now is ?? in indiana, ?? in illinois. a look at the morning's top stories we're following for sunshine and clouds; highs today get to 90; it will feel close to 100. light scattered showers may develop around the drive home. a few thunderstorms could bring heavier pockets of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like triple digits. [c3]tease 10 energy cut costs-vo the time now is ?? in indiana, sunshine and clouds; highs today get to 90; it will feel close to 100. light scattered showers may develop around the drive home. a few thunderstorms could bring heavier pockets of rain. it'll be another muggy overnight, lows at 74. there's a very slight rain chance for your independence day! it's going to be hot at 93; feeling like
For actor Tichina Arnold, eating a healthy diet is all about balance and enjoying life.
“I love to cook and eat and meals have always been a family event, but as I get older — I just celebrated another birthday — I am traveling more and I've had to adjust the types of foods I eat, but certainly not the taste,” Arnold, 48, tells PEOPLE.
Although they have a hectic work schedule and is a single mom to daughter Alijah, 13, Arnold says they don't plan out their meals.
“Sometimes I'm traveling for work and gone for weeks,” they say. “I normally pick up my snacks for travel a few days ahead of time. But, when I'm home with my daughter, it's kitchen time. We love cooking. It's a family thing. Alijah and I have so much fun in the kitchen together. We laugh a lot and we experiment with dishes all the time.”
Instead of cheat days, they say they just watches when and how much they eat of anything indulgent.
RELATED LINK: What Julianne Hough Eats in a Day
Arnold also stays fit and healthy by working out 3 to 4 times a week, focusing heavily on cardio and yoga for breathing techniques. To stay hydrated while exercising, Arnold says they have their go-to trick: “Every 2 days, I make sure I drink one liter of Trader Joe's alkaline electrolyte water to stay hydrated. As I get older, it's imperative that I keep up with my water intake.”
At the end of the day, Arnold says to enjoy your life more than worrying about how you look.
“Try anything and everything. Don't be afraid to be bold and be brave especially when it comes to what you eat. After all, you are what you eat!”
RELATED VIDEO: What Oprah Eats in a Day
Read on for a day of Arnold's meals, and for more, pickup a copy of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
Breakfast
1 slice of wheat toast with light butter
1 cup of mixed blueberries, raspberries and blackberries
Coffee with creamer
Snack
Dried mangos
Lunch
Caesar salad with 4-6 jumbo shrimp
Dinner
Grilled salmon with ginger sauce
Couscous
Broccoli
RELATED LINK: What Jenna Dewan Tatum Eats in a Day
Dessert
2 glasses of Pinot Noir red wine
¼ cup of spicy pistachios
Total Calories: 1,960
The Verdict
“Tichina has a realistic outlook on managing a healthy diet,” says Atlanta-based dietitian Marisa Moore. They love Arnold's energy-boosting snacks, like the fiber-, fat-, potassium- and protein-packed pistachios. Moore suggests topping their toast with an egg for a more filling breakfast and swapping the romaine for kale at lunch for extra fiber. But, they add, the star's dinner is “packed with anti-inflammatory ingredients like salmon, ginger and broccoli.”
CTV Atlantic
A 20-year-old man has died following a single-vehicle crash in Cape Breton.
Cape Breton Regional Police say a 2014 Chevrolet Silverado left Highway 327 in Big Ridge and struck a telephone pole on Friday.
The driver, a young man from New Victoria, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Their 20-year-old passenger from New Waterford was treated for non-life-threatening injuries.
Nova Scotia Power shut down power in the area to help with safety measures in retrieving the vehicle.
Police say the vehicle will undergo a mechanical inspection to determine factors leading up to the crash. Officers from the traffic safety and forensic identification units are investigation.
No charges are expected to be laid.
Russian President Vladimir Putin greets Belarus' President Alexander Lukashenko during their meeting at Konstantin palace in St. Petersburg, Russia April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Dmitri Lovetsky/Pool
MINSK Moscow has promised over $1 billion in loans for Belarus after last week's talks between the leaders of two countries, Belarusian Deputy Prime Minister Vladimir Semashko told the local ONT TV station late on Sunday.
Moscow could also help Belarus tap into an additional $600 million from the Russia-led Eurasian Fund for Stabilization and Development, Semashko said.
Last week, at a meeting in St Petersburg between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Belarussian leader Alexander Lukashenko, Russia agreed to refinance Belarus' debt while Belarus will pay back more than $720 million in arrears for gas supplies.
According to Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich, Russia will also renew oil supplies to Belarus of 24 million tonnes a year and Russia's Gazprom (GAZP.MM) will give Belarus discounts on gas supplies in 2018 and 2019.
(Reporting by Andrei Makhovsky; Writing by Vladimir Soldtakin; Editing by Christian Lowe)
The Pittsburgh Bureau of Police continues to investigate an incident that happened June 22 outside PNC Park when a vehicle was driven through a group of protesters.
Scroll for more content...
Police identified the driver as Gregory Clark Wagner, 58, of Sewickley.
Pittsburgh's Action News 4 confirmed Friday that Wagner is a councilman in Bell Acres Borough, near Sewickley Borough.
Wagner was charged with three counts of recklessly endangering another person as well as one charge of driving the wrong way and one charge of careless driving.
According to Wagner's court docket, Judge Jeffrey Manning was assigned to the case with a preliminary hearing scheduled for July 11.
Protesters were lined across West General Robinson Street, blocking Tony Dorsett Drive, when an officer saw numerous people running and heard protesters screaming that a car was going through a crowd, according to the criminal complaint. Wagner entered oncoming traffic in an attempt to make a U-turn because the intersection was blocked by protesters.
In video captured by Pittsburgh's Action News 4, protesters were seen pushing, kicking and punching the vehicle, angered after it struck several people.
Two victims in the incident were identified, but police have not released their names. One suffered an ankle injury and another one suffered a back injury and contusions according to police.
However, in a conversation Friday with Pittsburgh's Action News 4 reporter, Beau Berman, Brianna Williams, 20, identified themselves as a victim.
Williams said they suffered a broken hip and sprained ankle. They said they missed a week of work because of the injuries and could barely stand.
When informed that Wagner is a Bell Acres Borough councilman, Williams said they thought they should resign.
"I got hit directly. I have a sprained knee and a fractured hip. I've been off work a whole week due to the ignorant behavior. I can barely stand," said Williams.
"The outcome could have been way more serious. We had kids down there. Lucky no kids got hit and hospitalized.
"That was just not professional and I feel like they thought they aren't going to get caught," they said.
Wagner continued to drive away and officers were unable to locate the vehicle, according to police.
Berman called several of the Bell Acres Borough council members Friday and only one responded to their requests for comment. Brock Meanor sent a statement via Facebook referring all comment to the solicitor. Meanor declined a request for an on-camera interview.
The solicitor later sent out a statement about Wagner's charges.
"The elected and appointed officials of the Borough of Bell Acres were stunned to hear the news reports late this afternoon. Our sympathies are with those injured in last Friday's protest outside PNC Park. We will closely monitor the events as this matter moves through the justice system and we will follow the law as set forth in the Pennsylvania Borough Code and Pennsylvania Constitution," said Robert Max Junker.
Several protesters told officers the number of the license plate on the black Mercedes.
After receiving the license plate number from witnesses and additional information from video captured from the scene, officers went to Wagner's home. They declined to speak with detectives, according to the criminal complaint.
Ogwumike, Sun holds off Sparks for 73-72 win
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Chiney Ogwumike made a layup with 18.5 seconds left to help the Connecticut Sun hold on for a 73-72 win over the Los Angeles Sparks on Tuesday night.
Ogwumike finished with 21 points on 9-of-14 shooting. Rachel Banham had 11 points and six assists and Alex Bentley scored 10 points for Connecticut (10-7).
The Sun led by as many as 20 points in the first half and didn't trail until Nneka Ogwumike — Chiney's older sister — made a layup that gave the Sparks a 65-64 lead midway through the fourth quarter. There were five more lead changes — the last of which came on a 3-point play by Nneka Ogwumike that put Los Angeles up by one with 27.9 seconds left — before Chiney Ogwumike's layup that proved to be the winner.
L.A.'s Chelsea Gray lost the ball out of bounds with 3.5 seconds to go. After Connecticut called a timeout, moving the ball to midcourt, Nneka stole the inbound pass but their shot from two steps inside half court missed.
The Sparks scored eight points, on 2-of-13 shooting, in the first quarter — their lowest scoring quarter of the season.
Nneka Ogwumike led Los Angeles with 20 points and Candace Parker scored 17, all in the second half.
Connecticut was still missing Alyssa Thomas (shoulder injury) and Courtney Williams (personal).
[India], Dec.11 (ANI): Joining hands with UNODC South Asia on the International Anti Corruption Day, South Asia's leading changemakers emphasised the need for zero tolerance towards corrupt practices and called for stronger and united public action.
In exclusive interactions with UNODC's Communications Officer, Samarth Pathak, public representatives and icons from politics, business, governance, media and the civil society shared their insights and reflections on the impact of corruption and ways to address this threat in a special feature, "Voices against Corruption".
Stressing that development can only be brought by being united against corruption for development, peace and security, Mr. Sidharth Nath Singh , Minister of Health, Government of Uttar Pradesh, asserted, "It is important to build an effective government that has strong enforcement of law, ensures punishment of corrupt and that ends impunity. Citizens should also empower themselves and their communities, thus monitoring corrupt practices and bringing initiatives that lead to detection, reduction & elimination of corruption."
Suggesting three ways to root out corruption, Mrs. Meenakshi Lekhi , Member of Parliament, said, "First would be increasing transparency and accountability of the political and the administrative system by way of making such laws, which impose duty on the public servant to act in a timely fashion and reduce corruption. Second is use of Information Technology, like we have done it in the case of AADHAAR, connected with all subsidies and government schemes. Third could be electoral reforms, because when corruption exists at the highest level, it will percolate down below and in every system."
Reflecting on the impact of corruption on businesses and the way forward, Mr. Adi Godrej, Chairman, Godrej Group, asserted, "Governments can combat corruption by reducing controls, permissions of applications should be on the internet and if not okayed within two weeks should be deemed to be okay. Citizens should strongly resist all forms of corruption as best as possible."
Welcoming the initiative, Mr. Arvind Kejriwal, Chief Minister of Delhi, said, "From the very first day, my government launched a tirade against corruption by launching Anti-Corruption Helpline for the ease and use of the people and thereafter, an Anti-Corruption Campaign to tell the people about number of those booked for corruption to further send a message of fear in the minds of the corrupt and bribe takers. My government is pushing for establishing transparency, ensuring good governance and for protecting the whistle blowers."
Mr. John Abraham, Bollywood Actor, called for collective action, saying, "Corruption exists because there is an erosion of values, ethics and goodness in people today. We must unite against corruption and the corrupt, and commit to end it wherever we can. Remember: those who give bribes are also as guilty as those receiving them. So, stand your ground, and defeat corruption by speaking out against it in one voice!"
Mr. K V Chowdary, Central Vigilance Commissioner (India), said, "Corruption threatens social, political and economic security of a nation. Governments need to continuously review the existing systems, to eliminate discretion, make them simpler, efficient and user friendly through digitization, automation so that goods and services are available to the public easily."
Mr. Shailesh Gandhi, Former Central Informational Commissioner (India), said, "Citizens and governments must strive to reduce arbitrariness and create a system which would deliver within fixed time. Computerized, paperless working in government could facilitate transparency if almost all the files and working were displayed on the website each day. Almost all dashboards of internal working should accessible by citizens."
Dr. S.Y. Quraishi, Former Chief Election Commissioner (India), underscored the importance of electoral reforms. "I believe that elections are the biggest source of corruption in India. It is obvious that when candidates spend crores of rupees in campaigning, they will seek to recover the cost one way or the other. I firmly believe that there is a need to curb election related corruption. Public funding of political parties will be a step in the right direction. I also believe that the best way to end corruption is to reduce human interface between citizens and the government functionaries," they said.
Mr. Iqbal Mahmood, Chairman, Anti-Corruption Commission (Bangladesh) provided an overview of the impact of corruption in Bangladesh: "Corruption is one of dominant factors for which country like Bangladesh is still ranked at the bottom among countries surveyed on 'Ease of doing Business'. Through use of punitive measures such as inflicting punishment and imposing penalty on corrupt persons, degree of corruption may be restrained if not eliminated. This is direct approach through enforcement. But on top of enforcement measures preventive actions should be taken to help corruption eradicated from our society. Preventive actions include measures such as building moral character of officials and systemic development of institutions."
Sharing experiences from Bhutan, Ms. Kinley Yangzom, Chairperson, Anti-Corruption Commission of Bhutan (Bhutan), said, "Bhutan, despite being one of the smallest countries in the world, has come a long way in fostering a holistic socio-economic development guided by the philosophy of Gross National Happiness. However, with rapid socio-economic development where Bhutan prepares to graduate from LDC status and with increasing investments for development activities, Bhutan has become more vulnerable to corruption. Political will is a must in the fight against corruption. Words must be supported by action. There must be collective effort in building awakened citizenry that upholds the principles and values of ethics, integrity and professionalism in one's conduct, actions and dealings."
In a special message, Mr. Sergey Kapinos, UNODC South Asia Representative asserted, "As the custodian of the UN Convention against Corruption (UNCAC), UNODC is committed to working with governments, corporates, civil society, media and other stakeholders to address the issue of corruption. Our failure to collectively respond to this challenge stands to impact the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. We must push for greater transparency and accountability from the government and businesses, support and enable good governance, demand high ethical standards from officials and protect the whistle blowers. By working side by side, we can support governments in implementing anti-graft legislations and policies, enhance the governance systems, encourage corporates to embrace ethical and transparent business practices, urge criminal justice institutions to bring in meaningful reforms: in essence, spearhead a global revolution in minds towards justice, transparency and honesty."
Ms. Zorana Markovic, Regional Anti-Corruption Adviser, UNODC, said, "To fight this phenomenon successfully and comprehensively, governments need to cooperate with all segments of a society and to seek wide coalition of forces gathered on the common goals. Civil society organisations are the natural ally in these efforts and their primary role is in awareness raising actions and sensitisation of society to zero -tolerance to corruption. Public and outreach campaigns, use of modern technologies and social media platform that appeal to younger generation will help to spread the messages to the widest levels of population. Educational and training programme that will use mass media will help in promoting strategic messages to citizens on government actions as will any incentive to enable wide access to public information and transparent decision-making process."
The International Anti-Corruption Day provided a unique opportunity to recognize this very important threat to peace and SDGs. Corruption is indeed a major impediment to sustainable development and building effective institutions, as it weakens democracy and the rule of law and allows organised crime, terrorism and other security threats to thrive. Corruption is now endemic in many spheres of life, affecting businesses, education, governance, criminal justice, public welfare and healthcare, among others. No country or region is free from this crime. And the common citizens, especially the poor, are forced to pay the biggest price for corruption. (ANI)
GTs On The Bay Will Open in Cayman Grill Building
Local restaurant owners Brian and Jodi Harsany are scheduled to open another restaurant in Orange Beach. GTs On The Bay, formerly Cayman Grill, is located on Canal Road overlooking Wolf Bay. With stunning views and bay front dining, GTs will feature a diverse and one-of-kind menu. Guests will be able to savor unique culinary choices and a blend of local favorites, in addition to special creations in a family friendly atmosphere. Diners will enjoy a stone hearth pizza oven and fresh made salad bar as well as craft beers and daily happy hour. Soon to be favorites such as their Cajun empanadas, chicken carbonara and fish tacos will delight locals and visitors alike. “We are excited to be able to offer another unique dining experience in Orange Beach,” stated Brian Harsany. “GTs will provide an atmosphere where guests can gather with friends and family and enjoy the unforgettable dining experience we offer at each of our locations.” Harsany's other restaurants include Cosmo's Restaurant & Bar, Luna's Eat & Drink and BuzzCatz Coffee & Sweets located at Cosmo's Courtyard on Canal Road and Cobalt, The Restaurant, nestled under the Perdido Pass.
It's with a heavy heart that we report that Bruce Brown, the most iconic surf filmmaker of all time who brought “The Endless Summer” to the world, passed away in their sleep yesterday. They were 80 years old.
Brown was born in San Francisco, California, in 1937 and found surfing at age 10 after moving to Long Beach with their family. It was there in Southern California that Brown fell in love with surfing and got their first taste of surf cinema, attending screenings of early Bud Browne surf films at their local auditorium. It wasn't until 1955, when Brown was stationed on a Navy submarine in Honolulu, that they created their first surf film, a Super-8 short.
Early surfboard magnate Dale Velzy purchased Brown their first 16-millimeter movie camera, which they used to shoot the full-length film “Slippery When Wet.” The film was well received on the burgeoning surf film premiere circuit in large part because of the fun, lighthearted narration that would become a touchstone of all of Brown's work.
Brown would go on to make four more surf films, including “Surfing Hollow Days,” which documented Phil Edwards surfing the first Pipeline wave ever ridden on film, before they set out to make their most ambitious movie yet. “The Endless Summer” was filmed on a $50,000 budget in 1963 and starred Mike Hynson and Robert August on a journey around the world searching for “the perfect wave.” While “The Endless Summer” may appear to be a simple travel documentary, Brown's charming narration and the story of seeking and discovering perfection and adventure around every turn spoke to core surf and mainstream audiences alike. The film was a massive commercial success upon its wide release in 1966, and is seen as the most iconic surf film of all time, inspiring countless surfers to hit the road in search of their own perfect wave.
In the following years, Brown worked on several other projects, including the 1971 Oscar-nominated motorcycle movie “On Any Sunday,” before going into retirement. Brown didn't work on another film project until 1992 when they directed “The Endless Summer II,” a sequel that they co-wrote with their son Dana.
Brown won a Waterman Achievement Award from the Surf Industry Manufacturers Association in 1994, a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 1997 SURFER Awards, was inducted into the Surfing Hall of Fame in Huntington Beach in 2009, and received dozens of other accolades over the years.
We may have lost a true icon of surfing yesterday, but we are forever thankful for the beautiful body of work that Brown has left behind, which will continue to inspire surfers everywhere.
[Top image: Bruce Brown at the SURFER Awards a few years ago. Photo by Ellis]
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Stock Exchange
* Says Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co Ltd TO HALT SHARE TRADE FROM FEB 2 PENDING REGULATORY REVIEW OF ASSET ACQUISITION PROPOSAL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DUP0Nl Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Grand Rapids 5 Manitoba 2
Rochester 3 Syracuse 1
Charlotte 5 Hartford 4
Laval 3 Belleville 0
Texas 6 Chicago 5
Stockton 4 Bakersfield 1
---
MLB Post-season
ALDS
Houston 8 Boston 0
(Astros lead series 2-0)
Cleveland 9 New York 8 (13 innings)
(Indians lead series 2-0)
NLDS
Chicago 3 Washington 0
(Cubs lead series 1-0)
Los Angeles 9 Arizona 5
(Dodgers lead series 1-0)
---
NBA Pre-season
Boston 110 Philadelphia 102
Detroit 109 Atlanta 87
Washington 104 New York 100
Indiana 106 Cleveland 102
Chicago 114 Milwaukee 101
Oklahoma City 102 New Orleans 91
Utah 112 Phoenix 101
San Antonio 113 Sacramento 93
---
Saturday's Games
(All times Eastern)
CFL
Saskatchewan at Toronto, 4 p.m
Ottawa at B.C., 7 p.m.
---
NHL
Colorado at New Jersey, 2 p.m.
Montreal at Washington, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Toronto, 7 p.m.
Nashville at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Florida, 7 p.m.
Dallas at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Columbus at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Edmonton at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Philadelphia at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Winnipeg at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Los Angeles at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
---
AHL
Utica at Toronto, 4 p.m.
Rochester at Syracuse, 7 p.m.
Manitoba at Grand Rapids, 7 p.m.
Rockford at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Hershey at Lehigh Valley, 7:05 p.m.
Charlotte at WB/Scranton, 7:05 p.m.
Springfield at Providence, 7:05 p.m.
Bridgeport at Binghamton, 7:05 p.m.
Belleville at Laval, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at Iowa, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Texas, 8 p.m.
Ontario at San Antonio, 8 p.m.
San Jose at Stockton, 9 p.m.
San Diego at Tucson, 9:05 p.m.
---
MLB Post-season
NLDS
Chicago Cubs (Lester 13-8) at Washington (Gonzalez 15-9), 5:38 p.m.
(Cubs lead series 1-0)
Arizona (Ray 15-5) at L.A. Dodgers (Hill 12-8), 9:08 p.m.
(Dodgers lead series 1-0)
---
MLS
Vancouver at New York, 5 p.m.
Sporting Kansas City at Minnesota United, 8 p.m.
FC Dallas at Colorado, 9 p.m.
---
NBA Pre-season
Golden State vs. Minnesota at Shanghai, 7 a.m.
Cleveland at Washington, 3 p.m.
Melbourne United at Oklahoma City, 3 p.m.
Portland at L.A. Clippers, 3:30 p.m.
Denver at San Antonio, 4 p.m.
New Orleans at Chicago, 7 p.m.
New York at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
Sacramento vs. L.A. Lakers at Paradise, NV, 9 p.m.
---
By The Canadian Press
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (IFR) - Asian credits were flat in thin muted trade flows ahead of the release of US non-farm payrolls figures later tonight.
“The market is quite subdued mainly because of the volatility in the US Treasury yields,” said one trader. Overnight long-term UST yields had surged with the 10-year and 30-year levels rising 6bp and 7bp, respectively.
The muted trade was reflected in Asian credit spreads as the iTraxx Asia ex-Japan investment-grade index, at 64bp/65bp, was largely unchanged from yesterday's close.
Yesterday's US$2.5bn jumbo offering of bonds from Chinese asset manager Cinda were faring reasonably well, given the soft markets.
The 3.875% 2023s were tightening to 137bp from reoffer spreads of 140bp over UST, while the 4.625% 2028s were about 1bp tighter. There were no quotes for the 5% 2048s.
Poly Real Estate's 3.95% 2023s were also performing strongly with the notes quoted at 148bp/143.5bp, after pulling in from reoffer of 155bp.
Noble's bonds were slightly down with the 6.75% 2020s seen at 50.3/51.4 and the 8.75% 2022s at 51.77/52.9. Its 6% perpetuals were a touch firmer at a cash price of 6.30/8.40 against Wednesday's 5.00/8.00.
× State website helps people, businesses shop for private retirement plans
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) — A new Washington state website now offers a simple way for people and small business owners to shop around for low-fee private retirement savings plans.
The Washington Department of Commerce said Monday that the online portal is the first of its kind in the nation.
The so-called Retirement Marketplace is aimed at helping roughly 2 million Washington state residents who do not have access to retirement savings plans through their work. It's also intended to help small businesses that may not offer such plans because of their complexity or fees.
Self-employed workers, those who work part-time or work in the gig economy and others can shop for low-fee plans.
Participation is voluntary. The state runs the website, but people sign up with private providers.
Plans listed on the website must meet certain requirements, including having low fees. They're also reviewed by the state.
Perplex Gaming Creates Pop-Up Escape Room Experience for Bar Owners Escape This Bar: world's first, ready-to-play kit allows bar owners to tap into popular Escape Room trend 1 2 Ready to leave the bar? Not so fast. Wear some cuffs at the bar. HARRISBURG, Pa. - April 17, 2017 - PRLog -- By now, you've heard plenty about Escape Rooms, the trend that's been sweeping the nation. But have you tried escaping from your own local bar or micro-brewery? You will be soon, if Perplex Gaming LLC has anything to say about it. The company has developed the world's first escape experience kit for bars, allowing any venue to be transformed into a pop-up escape experience with ease.
"We wanted to share the thrill of escape rooms beyond a singular destination venue," said Beau Faulkner, CMO at Perplex Gaming. "So we've developed a way to leverage the trend for bar owners looking to build traffic and offer a completely novel pop-up experience that patrons just love. The clues and props can be applied in any drinking establishment in just minutes."
Perplex Gaming is confident they've pioneered the next wave in escape experiences. After rigorous beta testing, they're set to premiere at Boneshire Brew Works in April during Harrisburg, PA's Beer Week. "We've deconstructed the escape room experience," explained Paul Murray, Chief Enigmatologist. "We've made it both portable and asynchronous. Individuals or teams can now play in any bar, at any time, with a bare minimum of set up and no interruption to ordinary bar logistics. If anything, we expect bar tips to increase as participants pay for clues."
• Perplex Gaming is offering pre-sale kit orders at
• The Escape This Bar experience is also available as a franchise
• Perplex Gaming also operates the popular Escape Room venue
About Perplex: Perplex Gaming LLC is the creator of the popular Perplex escape room and a developer of unique puzzle experiences for multiple verticals. Visit
Contact
Beau Faulkner
***@perplexgaming.com
Photos:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633786/1
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633786/2 Beau Faulkner End -- By now, you've heard plenty about Escape Rooms, the trend that's been sweeping the nation. But have you tried escaping from your own local bar or micro-brewery?You will be soon, if Perplex Gaming LLC has anything to say about it. The company has developed the world's first escape experience kit for bars, allowing any venue to be transformed into a pop-up escape experience with ease."We wanted to share the thrill of escape rooms beyond a singular destination venue," said Beau Faulkner, CMO at Perplex Gaming. "So we've developed a way to leverage the trend for bar owners looking to build traffic and offer a completely novel pop-up experience that patrons just love. The clues and props can be applied in any drinking establishment in just minutes."Perplex Gaming is confident they've pioneered the next wave in escape experiences. After rigorous beta testing, they're set to premiere at Boneshire Brew Works in April during Harrisburg, PA's Beer Week. "We've deconstructed the escape room experience,"explained Paul Murray, Chief Enigmatologist. "We've made it both portable and asynchronous. Individuals or teams can now play in any bar, at any time, with a bare minimum of set up and no interruption to ordinary bar logistics. If anything, we expect bar tips to increase as participants pay for clues."• Perplex Gaming is offering pre-sale kit orders at www.escapethisbar.com • The Escape This Bar experience is also available as a franchise• Perplex Gaming also operates the popular Escape Room venue www.hersheyperplex.com Perplex Gaming LLC is the creator of the popular Perplex escape room and a developer of unique puzzle experiences for multiple verticals. Visit www.escapethisbar.com for more information. Source : Perplex Gaming LLC Email : ***@perplexgaming.com Posted By : ***@perplexgaming.com Tags : Escape Room Escaperoom Game Bar Bargame Industry : Entertainment , Games , Marketing Location : Harrisburg - Pennsylvania - United States Subject : Products Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's faint hopes of automatic promotion will be extinguished if Cardiff City see off Derby County tonight.
A win for the Bluebirds will put them in pole position to finish in the top-two and also pull themselves away from Steve Bruce's troops for good.
Any other outcome means that Villa still have a slight chance of out-gunning the Welsh outfit, and third-placed Fulham, with just two games to go.
Here are scenarios that could unfold after tonight's game.
CARDIFF WIN
Put simply, Cardiff need two wins out of their remaining three games to secure promotion.
But they only need one more win to knock Villa out of the top-two race.
If they beat Derby tonight they will be seven points ahead of Villa and four ahead of Fulham with all sides having two games left.
This would mean that automatic promotion is out of Villa's graspe.
The runners-up spot would then be decided in the final two games with Cardiff holding the advantage.
Cardiff will have it all in their own hands at that stage and require just one win to get it done.
These are the combinations Cardiff need to get the job done.
CARDIFF DRAW
If Cardiff draw tonight it means that it goes into another weekend.
But even then, the odds are stacked highly against Villa.
Bruce's men would have to beat Derby County and Millwall and rely on Cardiff losing both of their remaining two games.
That would put Villa on the same amount of points as Neil Warnock's side and with goal-difference decided who finishes in the highest postion.
Fulham are involved, too, and are currently three points ahead of Villa. If they pick up four points or more, Villa cannot catch them.
But with just three points between the two sides, Villa know they can take it into the final day of the season if they match the Cottagers' results AND Cardiff slip-up.
The 4-0 win at Ipswich last weekend also improved Villa's goal-difference which will aid their chances if the others let them back in.
CARDIFF LOSE
If Cardiff loses tonight the situation is similar.
Villa would still have to win both of their remaining games and hope that Cardiff fail to win both of their remaining two.
The Bluebirds could, however, draw another one of their two games (against Hull and Reading) and still be pipped by Villa on goal-difference.
The situation for Fulham remains the same.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
So to re-iterate:
If Cardiff wins tonight, or another game for that matter, Villa CANNOT make the top two.
If Cardiff draws or lose tonight, it goes into the weekend and we will then update you with the latest permutations later in the week!
John Terry latest
Aston Villa captain John Terry says they still have the 'appetite' to play football.
Terry, 37, is out of contract this summer and Villa are hoping to persuade them to play on.
Steve Bruce and director of football Steve Round enjoy close relationships with the former Chelsea and England captain and are understood to have been encouraged by conversations over a new deal.
Speaking for the first time about their future, Terry told talkSPORT: "I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
Transfer rumour: Loanee set to stay at Aston Villa for another season
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
Aston Villa's new kit: What a previous Luke 1977 strip looks like
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
April 5 TPG Telecom Ltd :
* Successfully bid for 2 lots of 5mhz of spectrum in 2.5ghz band at general spectrum auction that concluded in singapore this week
* Tpg telecom ltd - total purchase price for this new spectrum is s$23.8m, payable in april 2017
* Tpg telecom -"expenditure will be in addition to guidance previously provided by company for forecast capital expenditure investment in singapore" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0 Mississippi sorority hosts 'last dance' for WWII Navy veteran
HATTIESBURG, Miss. - A sorority at the University of Southern Mississippi saved the last dance for a 92-year-old World War II Navy veteran.
>> Read more trending news
Members of Phi Mu hosted a dance for Paul Sonnier, who recently told a social work intern at SouthernCare Hospice Services in Hattiesburg that their final wish would be “to dance with a beautiful woman,” WDAM reported.
“He'd always ask me if I wanted to go to Ropers, the local bar,” Jessica Moreau, a social work intern at SouthernCare, told WDAM. "He says ‘I'll teach you how to jitterbug and the waltz.'"
Moreau, who is a member of Phi Mu, relayed that wish to their sorority sisters. They organized a dance for the ages.
"We as a chapter always like to get involved with the community," Phi Mu President Cameron Ponder told WDAM. "Since one of our members is a social work major at the University of Southern Mississippi, we just found this to be a great way to honor someone that has done so much for our country."
Because Sonnier is bedridden, they had to be brought to the dance on a gurney, WDAM reported.
Family members who watched the dance found it heartwarming.
“We're super grateful, because they haven't been out the house in so long," Sonnier's granddaughter, Samantha Owen, told WDAM. “All these ‘pretty women' get to come around him. They get to hand out flowers and just be himself. They haven't been themselves for awhile. So, he's super happy.”
Sonnier said they regretted that they could not get up and dance, but appreciated the gesture.
"It feels good to be with all these beautiful women," they told WDAM.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
MILWAUKEE — Kyron Cartwright totalled 15 points and eight rebounds and their steal with three seconds left in the game helped Providence outlast Marquette 77-75 on Saturday.
Maliek White made 1 of 2 free throws with 27 seconds left to give the Friars (15-8, 6-4 Big East Conference) a 75-71 lead. But Jalen Lindsey fouled Markus Howard, who leads all Division I players with a 94.3 shooting percentage at the free-throw line. Howard sank a pair to pull the Golden Eagles (13-10, 4-7) within 75-73 with 21 seconds remaining.
Alpha Diallo was fouled and hit both of their free throws to stretch Providence's advantage to four, but Howard buried a jumper with six seconds left to cut the deficit back to two. Greg Elliott fouled White, who missed both of their foul shots, Elliott grabbed the rebound and passed to Howard near midcourt. Howard turned to head up court, but Cartwright poked the ball away and the Friars claimed the victory.
Howard, who finished with 16 points and nine rebounds to pace Marquette, scored a school- and Big East-record 52 points in the Golden Eagles' 95-90 overtime win at Providence on Jan. 3.
[India], July 5 (ANI): Indian Meteorological Department has predicted heavy rainfall in Poonch and Rajouri areas and has issued flood warning.
Speaking with ANI, the Poonch Deputy Commissioner said, "Weather advisory has been issued. Meteorological department has predicted rainfall in Rajouri and Poonch. We're monitoring water level in rivers. We request people in low lying areas to be alert. We are prepared for all situations."
Life has been highly affected in the valley due to heavy rainfall for last three days.
The district administration is monitoring water level in Poonch River and people living in the low-lying areas have been issued instructions. Last month, three people were killed in Kashmir valley due to incessant rains, following which the Jammu and Kashmir Governor NN Vohra had also called for an emergency meeting to discuss the flood-like situation in the state last week. (ANI)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
A Palestinian stabbed an Israeli security guard at Jerusalem's main bus station on Sunday, police said, and violence flared near the US Embassy in Beirut over US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel‘s capital.
Four days of street protests in the Palestinian territories over Trump's announcement on Wednesday have largely died down, but their overturning of long-standing US policy on Jerusalem – a city holy to Jews, Muslims and Christians – drew more Arab warnings of potential damage to prospects for Middle East peace.
“Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,” Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Army Radio.
But in Jerusalem, a security guard was in critical condition after a 24-year-old Palestinian man from the occupied West Bank stabbed them after approaching a metal detector at an entrance to the city's central bus station, police said. The alleged assailant was taken into custody after a passer-by tackled him.
In public remarks on Sunday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, a frequent critic of Israel, called it an “invader state” and a “terror state”.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who spoke at a news conference in Paris alongside French President Emmanuel Macron after the two leaders met, fired back:
“I'm not used to receiving lectures about morality from a leader who bombs Kurdish villages in their native Turkey, who jails journalists, helps Iran go around international sanctions and who helps terrorists, including in Gaza, kill innocent people,” Netanyahu said.
Macron told Netanyahu that they needed to make gestures to the Palestinians to break the impasse between the two sides.
“I asked Prime Minister Netanyahu to make some courageous gestures towards the Palestinians to get out of the current impasse,” Macron said, suggesting that a freeze of construction in settlements could be a first step.
Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks. Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital, while Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
The Trump administration has said it is still committed to reviving Palestinian-Israeli talks that collapsed in 2014, but jettisoning old policies is necessary to break the deadlock.
Washington says it has not taken a position on Jerusalem's final status or borders, but it is sensible to recognise that any future peace deal will have Israel‘s capital in the city.
The United States was “as committed to the peace process as we've ever been”, US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Sunday. Trump “didn't talk about boundaries, they didn't talk about borders… Because the final status of Jerusalem is between the Palestinians and the Israelis. It's not for the Americans to decide.”
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet US Vice President Mike Pence during their visit to the region, Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki said on Saturday. The White House said on Sunday that decision was unfortunate and Pence looked forward to seeing Netanyahu and Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
“It's unfortunate that the Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region,” said Jarrod Agen, a spokesperson for Pence.
Netanyahu reacted to critics in a statement before talks with Macron, to be followed by a meeting with European foreign ministers in Brussels on Monday.
“I hear (from Europe) voices of condemnation over President Trump's historic announcement, but I have not heard any condemnation for the rocket firing against Israel that has come (after the announcement) and the awful incitement against us,” Netanyahu said.
DEMONSTRATIONS
In Beirut, Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, near the US Embassy.
Demonstrators set fires in the street, torched US and Israeli flags and threw projectiles towards security forces that had barricaded the main road to the complex.
In the Moroccan capital, Rabat, tens of thousands of protesters marched down the city's main thoroughfare chanting slogans including, “The people want to liberate Palestine” and “Death toIsrael, enemy of the people and provoker of wars.”
Waving Palestinian flags and holding up pictures of Jerusalem, they expressed anger at the “betrayal” by Arab governments perceived to have backed Trump's move.
In the Indonesian capital Jakarta, thousands protested outside the US embassy, many waving banners saying “Palestine is in our hearts”.
Maliki has said the Palestinians will be looking for a new peace talks broker instead of the United States and would seek a United Nations Security Council resolution over Trump's decision.
Arab foreign ministers who met in Cairo on Saturday urged the United States to abandon its decision on Jerusalem and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.
Echoing that view, Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan, the de facto leader of the United Arab Emirates, said the US move “could throw a lifebuoy to terrorist and armed groups, which have begun to lose ground” in the Middle East.
GAZA TUNNEL
Along Israel‘s tense frontier with the Gaza Strip, the Israeli military on Sunday destroyed what it described as a “significant” cross-border attack tunnel dug by the enclave's dominant Islamist group, Hamas.
There was no immediate comment from Hamas on the demolition, which came as Palestinian factions tried to meet Sunday's deadline for an Egyptian-mediated handover of Gaza by Hamas to Western-backed President Abbas after a decade's schism.
Pre-dawn Israeli airstrikes in the Gaza Strip on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the area into Israel on Friday.
Have your say
Restaurant chain Nando's is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the East Midlands this week.
To claim your free chicken, simply turn up to any Nando's restaurant with your A-level results papers and a form of ID on the day.
You'll need to then show this to staff to claim your free food and spend over £7.
A spokesperson said: "Whether you're celebrating or commiserating, we're here to help with a free 1/4 Chicken or Fire-Starter on us.
All you need to do is visit us and show your results (don't worry, we won't tell anyone!), and remember to bring your ID."
The offer is only one for one day - August 17.
For more information click here
Dwayne Johnson's home is full of women and they wouldn't have it any other way.
Johnson and their girlfriend Lauren Hashian welcomed their second child together, a girl named Tiana Gia Johnson.
Johnson made the announcement on their Instagram account, accompanied by a photo of them cuddling with the new lady in their life.
“Blessed and proud to bring another strong girl into this world,” they wrote. “Tiana Gia Johnson came into this world like a force of nature and Mama @laurenhashianofficial labored and delivered like a true rockstar.”
Johnson and Hashian also have another daughter, Jasmine lia, who was born in 2015.
Johnson also shares a daughter, Simone Alexandra, with ex-wife Dany Garcia.
The “Rampage” star said they were present for Tiana's birth, adding the experience gave them a “new level of love, respect and admiration” for their girlfriend and “all mamas and women out there.”
They closed with a message to their youngest daughter: “Your crazy dad has many responsibilities and wears many hats in this big ol' world, but being your dad will always be the one I'm most proud to wear.”
More than 258,000 roadside alcohol breath tests were faked by Victoria Police officers in an apparent attempt to fool productivity checks.
An exhaustive audit by Professional Standards Command and statisticians was launched when claims officers were cheating the tests emerged late last year.
Officers were conning the tests by placing a finger over the straw entry hole or blowing into the straw themselves.
"The investigation, which analysed over five years of data, 1500 preliminary breath test devices and more than 17.7 million tests, disappointingly found 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified," Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said.
"I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
An external investigator will now be brought in to reveal why it happened.
"There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity," Mr Barrett said.
"Whatever reason our workforce may come up with, it isn't acceptable."
The main culprits were general duties and highway patrol officers, with some rural areas over-represented.
The practice was not found at supervised drug and alcohol bus test sites and there is no evidence at this stage to suggest fraud or any criminality had occurred, or prosecutions were risked, Mr Barrett said.
Statisticians had to look at complex algorithms together with considerations on the length of time it would take to administer one test and a succession of tests.
The external investigator will also look at underlying cultural and behavioural issues, supervision and management practices that let the fake tests go unchecked, and aggravating circumstances that may need further investigation.
Victoria Police is in discussions with the Independent Broad-based Anti-corruption Commission about the discovery.
0 Woman sees husband in trouble, pulls out gun on would-be robber
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Memphis police are searching for a man who allegedly tried to rob three people outside of a Whitehaven home in broad daylight.
A surveillance camera captured the weekend incident.
The victims said a man pulled a gun on them after asking for a phone and then a ride. Moments later, they learned they aren't the only one carrying a gun.
A man told FOX13 their niece took their gun and scared off a bold criminal.
“She's bold. They ain't scared of nothing.”
In the video, the suspect had their right hand is in their waist band as they stand behind the victim's nephew. The victim said the man's hand was on a gun.
“People are so bold now day's just broad daylight on a Sunday come up to you and try robbing you,” the victim said.
Trending stories:
Memphis police said Sunday afternoon the man in the blue jacket came to the Whitehaven home and asked to use one of the victim's phones and then asked for a ride.
The man said their niece and their husband in the video were visiting from Florida.
While the incident was unfolding outside the house, the man said they and their niece were inside the house.
Police said after the woman saw their husband in trouble, they came out the front door with a gun.
The victim told FOX13, “She said they didn't want to kill him, but when they fired back at us after they fired the warning shot. They said they were trying to hit them then but didn't.”
Memphis police told FOX13 the gunman ran toward the back of the house.
The victim said they hope police can catch the suspect before someone gets seriously hurt.
“Thank the good Lord they were watching out for all of us.”
Police said they are reviewing this surveillance video to get a positive ID on the gunman. If you have any information on whom that suspect may be, call CrimeStoppers at 901-528 CASH.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The tumultuous nature of 2016 hit Europe especially hard. Wars in the Middle East became a refugee crisis for Europe, and terrorist groups like the Islamic State roiled the continent. This insecurity, combined with growing discontent over economic repercussions for the “losers” of globalization, fueled the rise of populist parties. The continuing enigma of Russia, from its unchecked actions in Ukraine and Syria to the buildup of troops along its western border, divided Europe further; populist and “illiberal” parties of Europe generally support Russian President Vladimir Putin, while moderate parties have taken a strong stance against them – for example, by emphasizing deterrence through the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
Meanwhile, the United States in 2016 focused heavily on its own political issues, namely the presidential election, rather than worried about Europe's political demise. The result: a fragile European Union (EU) that is divided politically, economically, and feeling ever more insecure.
The Refugee Crisis
The refugee crisis brought Europe's stark divisions to light. In 2015, more than 885,000 migrants arrived in Greece and nearly 154,000 landed in Italy, according to Frontex data. Many of these new arrivals fled from wars in the Middle East, particularly Syria. Last year, more than 1.3 million asylum applications were registered in EU and Schengen-associated countries (states that are part of Europe's free movement Schengen Area but not part of the EU).
2016 brought the aftermath of those arrivals in Europe – all while more continued to knock on the doors of the Union. The influx of migrants caused polar reactions from EU member states: on the one hand, welcome any migrant who crosses the border, and on the other, erect physical barriers to keep migrants out.
Germany is the prime example of the former. The country, under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel, absorbed more than one million migrants in 2015 and, according to the German Federal Office for Migration and Refugees, expects as many as 300,000 more this year – far more than any other European country.
Hungary is a prominent example of the latter; it completed the construction of a fence on its border with Serbia – a key route for migrants coming from the Middle East – in September 2015. Hungary is also challenging an earlier one-off EU regulation to help Greece and Italy by distributing refugees throughout the continent. In October this year, Hungarians voted in a referendum against mandatory migrant quotas proposed by the EU in its reform of the Common European Asylum System (although the referendum was not legally binding due to low voter turnout).
To justify its position, Hungary and other like-minded countries point to a handful of asylum seekers who are now implicated in a recent wave of terror attacks across Europe. Because so many refugees entered Europe so quickly in 2015, many countries – Germany included – failed to properly vet and/or process them. 2016 felt the consequences.
Europe: A Terror Target
Europe's latest experience with terror – the attack on a Berlin Christmas market on December 19 – was, according to German authorities, carried out by a rejected asylum seeker from Tunisia. The suspect, Anis Amri, appears to have arrived in Germany in July 2015. They were not deported after their asylum application was denied, even though they were on law enforcement's radar.
This July, Germany experienced a wave of four attacks – three committed by refugees. On July 18, an asylum seeker from Pakistan used a knife to attack people on a train near Würzburg. On July 24, a 21-year-old asylum-seeker from Syria – who was known to police – killed a woman and injured two others with a machete in the southern German town of Reutlingen. And just a few hours later, a 27-year-old Syrian refugee – who authorities say had been denied asylum a year ago but was allowed to stay in Germany because of the ongoing war in Syria – killed themselves and injured 12 others after setting off an explosive device in Ansbach, Germany.
A number of other major attacks rocked Europe this year – from the Brussels bombings in March that left at least 35 people dead and hundreds injured, to the July attack in Nice, France, where a truck driver plowed through a crowd during Bastille Day celebrations, killing more than 80 and injuring more than 400.
These attacks have proved ample fodder for European populist parties that continue to gain ground at the polls.
Populism Proliferates
In a statement following the Berlin Christmas market attack, the chairperson of Germany's right-wing populist party Alternative für Deutschland (AfD), Frauke Petry, said, “The radical Islamic terror has hit us right in the middle of Germany. […] It is not only an attack on our freedom and our way of life but on our Christian tradition. Germany is a country which is divided over the immigration question. But the terror will bring us together. These terrorists are godless people.”
The AfD has gained substantial ground since its founding in 2013 and is now represented in 10 of the 16 German state parliaments. It is expected to perform relatively well in Germany's 2017 federal elections, amongst a populace that is largely dissatisfied with German Chancellor Angela Merkel's “open arms” policy toward refugees.
France's right-wing Front Nationale (FN), led by Marine Le Pen, has similarly used terror for political fuel. After the massive attacks in Paris in November 2015, that left at least 130 people dead, FN issued a statement claiming one of the attackers entered Greece among a mass migrant flow and, “as a precaution, Marine Le Pen calls for the immediate halt of all intake of migrants in France.” Florian Philippot, a close advisor to Le Pen, commented, “It is irresponsible to continue this welcoming of migrants.”
A study published this September by research center ELABE finds Le Pen will likely make it to the second round of the 2017 French presidential election with 25 – 28 percent of the vote.
Brexit
The 2016 populist wave scored a major victory in the United Kingdom's decision to leave the EU – a move advocated by Britain's right-wing UK Independence Party (UKIP). By a vote of 51.9 to 48.1 percent, a majority of UK voters decided in a referendum this June to pull out of the EU – shocking then-Prime Minister David Cameron and other transatlantic leaders.
In a statement after the vote, the EU's six founding member nations said, “The Foreign Ministers of Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and the Netherlands take note with regret of the fact that the British people have spoken out against EU Membership. […] we strongly reaffirm our joint commitment to the European Union.”
In a call with German Chancellor Merkel the day after the vote, the White House reported both Merkel and Obama “said they regretted the decision.”
An apparent beneficiary of the vote, however, is Europe's eastern neighbor. Russian President Vladimir Putin has long attempted to destabilize the EU, and NATO along with it. Now, with Brexit, the EU will lose one of the strongest supporters of its sanctions against Russia for the war in Ukraine – potentially tipping the balance of power toward EU member states that disagree with sanctions and would like to see closer ties with Russia, including Hungary and Slovakia.
Under the Gaze of Russia, Whither NATO?
The Russian question has the potential to exacerbate Europe's divisions, particularly vis-à-vis NATO. At the Alliance's Warsaw Summit this July, NATO members stressed the necessity of both deterrence and dialogue in dealing with Russian aggression. The former topped the agenda, with the announcement of the deployment of one rotational battalion to each of the Baltic nations – Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania – and Poland. Three of the four countries leading these battalions are either non-EU (U.S. and Canada) or planning to exit the EU (Britain).
The other battalion lead is Germany. Deputy Director of the Europe Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) Jeffrey Rathke told The Cipher Brief, “It is significant that Germany, which has always placed an emphasis on the balance and complementarity of deterrence and defense on the one hand and political dialogue on the other hand, has taken this step.” While Germany and the Baltic states are leaning toward deterrence, other EU and NATO states – Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Slovakia, for example – lean toward dialogue.
It is no surprise that the dialogue-prone, more Russia-friendly states fall significantly below the defense spending goal of two percent of GDP that NATO has set for all members. NATO's 2016 estimate of defense expenditures is 1.01 percent for Hungary, 1.04 percent for the Czech Republic, and 1.16 percent for Slovakia. Estonia, on the other hand, is expected to exceed NATO's two percent spending goal, for the second year in a row. Latvia and Lithuania are expected to reach near 1.5 percent, a sharp increase from the just over 1.0 percent both countries contributed last year.
The NATO defense spending debate was prevalent during Obama's time in office, but not particularly enforced. The Donald Trump Administration, however, may prove more resolute. On the campaign trail this year, President-elect Trump said they would defend NATO allies against a Russian invasion only if those countries have “fulfilled their obligations to us.”
Europe & Trump
There could be a silver lining to Trump's NATO rhetoric: The risk of the U.S. not abiding by Article 5, which says an attack on a NATO ally is an attack on all members and thus demands collective defense, could finally pressure European under-contributors to take more responsibility for their own defense, and meet the two percent spending target. A stronger and more capable Europe is good for both the continent's security and that of the United States.
Still, Europe in 2017 may be just as fractured as in 2016, especially with Trump taking power in the United States. Mathew Burrows, Director of the Strategic Foresight Initiative at the Atlantic Council and a Cipher Brief expert, explains, “For the first time, a U.S. President-elect is opposing the EU […] A big question going forward is how much backing Trump will give [far-right European political leaders] Wilders or Le Pen once they are officially in the White House. Open support could help shift the electoral balance in their favor, but constitute an unprecedented affront to other European leaders who support the EU. Even if Trump forbears, there's enough suspicion of where their true feelings lie that transatlantic relations will be difficult.”
After a rough year, Europe has its work cut out for it in 2017.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MUMBAI, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The Indian government has directed states not to grant rights to indigenous people and forest dwellers living in tiger reserves, a move that could hurt vulnerable communities, trigger clashes and endanger wildlife, human rights activists said.
The National Tiger Conservation Authority issued a notice to states two weeks ago asking officials to suspend granting of rights to tribals and other forest dwellers under the Forest Rights Act in all critical tiger habitats.
"In the absence of guidelines for notification of critical wildlife habitats, no rights shall be conferred in critical tiger habitats," said the notice to 17 states with tiger reserves.
The Forest Rights Act (FRA) of 2006 gives indigenous people and forest dwellers the right to harvest and use forest resources to maintain their traditional livelihoods.
More than a fifth of India's 1.2 billion population was expected to benefit from the law covering vast areas of forest land roughly the size of Germany.
But implementation has been slow and conflicts between states and tribal communities have risen as demand for land increases in one of the world's fastest growing economies.
Scarcity of land has also brought the competing needs of wildlife and humans into conflict across the country as land is increasingly sought for industrial projects.
Land reserved for wildlife including tigers, elephants and rhinoceros is also inhabited by tribal villagers and hundreds have been evicted in violent clashes recently.
The new order will only trigger more such clashes and impoverish vulnerable communities, said Brajesh Dubey at the conservation non-profit Foundation for Ecological Security.
"We are going to see more people displaced because the government wants to show they care about tigers," they said.
"But it has been proven that tribal communities help prevent poaching and also help in conservation efforts."
India has about half the world's estimated 3,200 tigers in dozens of reserves established since the 1970s.
Wildlife tourism is a growing money spinner for India, even as conservationists are divided over whether visitors help protect threatened species or encroach on their habitat.
Brinda Karat, a member of the opposition communist party, asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to withdraw the order.
"This open contempt for laws that provide some protection for the rights of millions of tribals and forest dwellers is unprecedented," they said in a letter to Modi. (Reporting by Rina Chandran @rinachandran, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Leitrim manager Brendan Guckian's one big disappointment from Saturday's All-Ireland Qualifier was that their side didn't take the chances that would have truly tested Monaghan.
“I suppose the only disappointing thing is that we didn't take our chances,” Brendan told the Observer, “Being realistic, we actually had chances to have 2-4 on the board in the first half and we didn't capitalise on that.
“And when we missed chances, Monaghan went down the field and took their chances. The most disappointing thing is that we conceded a goal and I don't think the scoreline is a true reflection of the game.”
Brendan admitted that a young Leitrim team have work to do to match the physicality displayed by Monaghan - “Maybe at times the physicality showed between ourselves and Monaghan, they are obviously a lot more down the road, they've been together seven or eight years and you can see it.
“That is where the difference comes in between a division one team and a division 4 team, you have to try and throw everything at a Division 1 team and we definitely did it for the first 20 minutes, probably got a bit ragged towards the end of the first half and not taking our chances didn't help us.
“But to be realistic, there is a gap between ourselves and Monaghan and Roscommon and we're not naive enough to say that there isn't but I think there has been progress made to bridge that gap.”
And Brendan believes Leitrim has the players to do just that - “The most important thing for Leitrim is to keep the panel of players that are there because they are the future, they are the best in the county.
“I know there are obviously a couple of more people who will shine in the club championship but the core of the best footballers are there and it is massively important that they stick together.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
RUSSIAN journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building.
The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back and found bleeding there by their wife.
Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference on Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying.
They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
Camera Icon Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in Kiev less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed. Picture: AP
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologised to their friends and family who mourned for him, including their own wife, and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” they said. “Apologies to my wife, Olechka. I'm sorry, but there were no other options. The operation was being prepared for two months.
“They told me a month ago. As the result of the operation, a man is taken, they are in custody.”
Intelligence chiefs in Kiev say the Ukrainian assassin recruited by Russian intelligence officials to kill Babchenko had in turn hired an accomplice to act as the gunman — and both had been arrested.
“G” was paid $40,000 to kill Babchenko, 41, and had been in the process of acquiring a vast arsenal of automatic weapons and ammunition when they were taken into custody, according to Ukrainian security officials.
Camera Icon Arkady Babchenko has been scathingly critical of the Kremlin. Picture: AP
“Thanks to this operation we were able to foil a cynical plot and document how the Russian security service was planning for this crime,” Mr Grytsak added.
A number of Kremlin critics have been killed in Ukraine in recent years, with one gunned down on a Kiev street in broad daylight and another whose car exploded.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats.
Babchenko fought in Russia's two Chechen campaigns in the 1990s and early 2000s before becoming a war correspondent and author. They repeatedly said they faced death threats.
Reporters Without Borders condemned the staged death as a “pathetic stunt”.
Christophe Deloire, the head of the Paris-based media watchdog, said that while they were relieved that Arkady Babchenko was alive, “it is pathetic and regrettable that the Ukrainian police have played with the truth, whatever their motive... for the stunt”.
Camera Icon The prominent Russian war correspondent and former soldier was thought shot dead in an apparent contract-style killing in the stairwell of their building in Kiev. Pic: AFP Picture: AFP
Babchenko has contributed to a number of media outlets including top opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta and is an avid blogger, accusing Russian authorities of killing Kremlin critics and unleashing wars in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
They wrote about their experience as a young soldier in the Chechen campaigns in a book published in English under the title One Soldier's War.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 after receiving threats, living first in the Czech Republic, then in Israel, before moving to Kiev.
Camera Icon A view of the building where Babchenkohad lived and was supposedly shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday. The murder was faked. Picture: AP
They have hosted a program on the Crimean Tatar TV station ATR for the past year. Babchenko made a name for themselves with their poignant reportages from the front lines, including the conflict in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.
In recent years their increasingly bombastic posts pushed the boundaries of good taste and some of their colleagues and followers stopped reading them on Facebook.
Meanwhile, their colleagues have captured the moment they found out that they are still alive.
Emotional video posted by Radio Free Europe shows staffers at Ukrainian TV network ATV cheer, gasp and hug as they watch the stunning press conference where police revealed that Babchenko's previously reported “death” was actually staged — and they then appeared in the flesh.
Several bounces up and down whooping and clapping, while others cover their mouths in stunned silence.
LONDON, March 29 Greek government bond yields tumbled to multi-week lows on Wednesday after Reuters reported that Greece had reached an agreement with its lenders on some of the main issues in the indebted country's current bailout talks.
Greece has agreed with its lenders on key labour reforms, spending cuts and energy issues, moving closer to clinching a deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7, sources close to the talks said on Wednesday.
Short-dated Greek bond yields fell to a two-month low of 7.47 percent and were last down 50 basis points.
Greece's 10-year government bond yield fell more than 30 basis points to a five-week low at 6.93 percent.
"There's been reports that the government could be close to an agreement with lenders, though this is yet to be confirmed by the Greek government, this is why the yields are falling today," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz.
"If this gets confirmation from an EU official there might be an even sharper fall," they said. (Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Abhinav Ramnarayan)
If you're in your mid-40s and haven't had your colon checked, it might be time.
The American Cancer Society's newly updated guidelines for colon and rectal cancer screening recommend that adults at average risk get screened starting at age 45 instead of 50, as previously advised.
The updated guidelines come on the heels of what seems to be a rise in colorectal cancer among younger adults.
Those at higher risk include African Americans, Alaska Natives, and people with a family history or a personal history of colon or rectal polyps; risk factors such as these could require screening earlier.
Published in CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians on Wednesday, the updated guidelines also indicate that there are six screening test options for adults, ranging from noninvasive stool tests to visual exams like colonoscopy, depending on the preference of the patient and availability of the test.
Other health organizations in the United States — such as the US Preventive Services Task Force — still recommend routine screening for colon and rectal cancers starting at age 50.
Colorectal cancer, which includes both colon and rectal cancers, is the third most common cause of cancer-related deaths in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
In the United States, colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer-related deaths among cancers that affect both men and women, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Some studies suggest that the rates of colorectal cancer deaths are climbing among American adults younger than 55.
After declining overall from 1970 to 2004, colon and rectal cancer mortality rates among 20- to 54-year-olds in the United States increased by 1% annually from 2004 to 2014, according to a study published last year in the medical journal JAMA.
“Behind these numbers are real people and real faces, and all of us in the colorectal cancer world and all the gastroenterologists and all the oncologists have been seeing more and more young people who develop this disease,” said Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society, who oversaw the development of the new guidelines.
“In people born more recently, they're at four times the risk for rectal cancer than people born in the '50s (at the same age), for example, and double the risk of colon cancer,” they said. “It's what we call a birth cohort effect. Nobody knows why really clearly, and that's a big area of interest, but nobody's questioning that it's happening.”
Six screening test options
To make the updated guidelines, researchers conducted a systematic review of published studies on colorectal cancer screening strategies.
The researchers also commissioned a microsimulation modeling study involving a model called MISCAN, which simulates colorectal cancer incidence and mortality and estimates risk factors and the impact of screening and treatment practices.
The researchers' new modeling study was an extension of analyses conducted for the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendations, and it assessed the potential risk and benefit of various colorectal screening strategies among black and white men and women in the United States.
Based on their review and that simulation modeling, the researchers identified efficient strategies for screening starting at age 45.
Those strategies were undergoing colonoscopy every 10 years; a computed tomography colonography or “virtual colonoscopy” every five years; a flexible sigmoidoscopy every five years; a multitarget stool DNA test every three years; a take-home fecal immunochemical test annually; or a take-home high-sensitivity guaiac fecal occult blood test annually.
The updated guidelines also noted that there is wide variation in the costs of those screening options, depending on patient insurance plans, ranging from around $30 for a take-home fecal immunochemical test to thousands of dollars for a colonoscopy.
In a written statement Wednesday, the American Cancer Society's Cancer Action Network, the nonpartisan advocacy affiliate of the American Cancer Society, said that consumers should understand what their individual insurance policy will cover should they begin screening at age 45, rather than age 50.
“Consumers should also understand that there are many screening options, and they may find certain screening options more affordable than others, particularly when faced with potential out-of-pocket expenses,” the statement said.
America's Health Insurance Plans spokesperson Cathryn Donaldson said in a statement Wednesday, “Health plans cover most needed screenings, including mammograms and colonoscopies, often at no additional cost to the patient. Insurance providers consider available evidence, clinical guidelines and recommendations from organizations such as the American Cancer Society to understand when preventive screenings are needed.
“Whether or not you need a screening will depend on your age, medical history and other risk factors. When a doctor recommends a screening because of such risk factors, it is usually covered,” said the association, which represents companies providing health care coverage and other related services to Americans.
Outside of the cost and the frequency in which a test is recommended to be done, “all these tests are approximately equal in their value and can be offered,” Wender said.
“We know from trials that if you offer a choice between colonoscopy and a less-invasive test, that more people will opt to be screened, which is our goal in the end,” they said. “The evidence is now absolutely clear, and I can't emphasize how carefully this was done. It took us two years of work to provide a compelling argument and evidence that the screening age for everyone should begin at age 45, not age 50.”
What explains the rise in colorectal cancer?
Time will tell whether other leading health organizations follow in the American Cancer Society's footsteps with recommending screening for adults younger than 50.
Additionally, more research could shed light on why there has been a rise in colorectal cancer among these younger adults, said Dr. George Chang, chief of colorectal surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, who was not involved in the updated guidelines.
“The rates of screening right now under the age of 50 are negligible. Therefore, what we've observed with the rising incidence is not simply a result of detection bias,” Chang said. “This appears to be a real phenomenon.”
They added that they have some ideas regarding what factors could be driving this rise, as “there are a number of things that have changed over the past several decades that have to do with exposures and lifestyle.”
“We know that obesity's associated with an increased incidence of many cancers, including colorectal cancer, and the obesity epidemic remains an important and growing problem in the US. So that may be one associated factor,” Chang said.
Other possible factors could include sedentary lifestyles, environmental exposures and diets high in processed foods, they said.
“While we have not identified the causal factor, it is likely that all of these factors contribute to this rising incidence,” they said.
A separate report released last week by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research highlighted strong evidence that being physically active and eating whole grains and foods high in fiber, along with other healthy habits, can decrease the risk of colorectal cancer.
Consuming red meat, processed meat and alcoholic beverages, among other factors, could increase the risk of colorectal cancer.
For any adult, no matter how old, Chang said that paying attention to your body and bowel habits are important for tracking your overall health — and that alerting your doctor to any changes is key.
“Even if you're younger, if you're noticing that there's a change in your bowel habits or your stools and that something isn't right, then see your doctor,” they said. “That's the public health statement, which is, pay attention to your bowels, and seek medical care if things don't seem right, if there's blood in your stools or your bowel habits change suddenly.”
‘This gives us a real opportunity'
Dr. Nilofer Saba Azad, associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins Medicine in Baltimore, agrees with the newly updated guidelines.
“If you take into account the fact that people develop colon cancer or rectal cancer over many years, and that there's a step wise progression from having no abnormalities to then having polyps and then developing cancer, this gives us a real opportunity to stop people from ever developing cancer by moving screening ages younger,” said Azad, who was not involved with the guidelines.
“It's not just that you would catch the younger people with cancer but that you would actually catch the younger people with just a polyp that can be removed at the time of colonoscopy, and they never get a cancer. So it's preventative, not just early diagnosis,” they said, adding that they think the risks of screening younger outweigh the benefits.
Such risks include false-negative or false-positive results, as well as rare complications or feelings of anxiety with more invasive testing approaches, such as colonoscopy.
Yet “there are many ways you can screen for colon cancer beyond colonoscopy, and we can find a way no matter how squeamish people are,” Azad said.
CHICAGO — Researchers tried a big serving of food psychology and a dollop of trickery to get diners to eat their vegetables. And it worked.
Veggies given names like "zesty ginger-turmeric sweet potatoes" and "twisted citrus-glazed carrots" were more popular than those prepared exactly the same way but with plainer, more healthful-sounding labels.
Diners more often said "no thanks" when the food had labels like "low-fat," "reduced-sodium" or "sugar-free."
More diners chose the fancy-named items, and selected larger portions of them too in the experiment last fall at a Stanford University cafeteria.
"While it may seem like a good idea to emphasize the healthiness of vegetables, doing so may actually backfire," said lead author Bradley Turnwald, a graduate student in psychology.
Other research has shown that people tend to think of healthful sounding food as less tasty, so the aim was to make it sound as good as more indulgent, fattening fare.
Researchers from Stanford's psychology department tested the idea as a way to improve eating habits and make a dent in the growing obesity epidemic.
"This novel, low-cost intervention could easily be implemented in cafeterias, restaurants, and consumer products to increase selection of healthier options," they said.
The results were published Monday JAMA Internal Medicine.
The study was done over 46 days last fall. Lunchtime vegetable offerings were given different labels on different days.
For example, on one day diners could choose "dynamite chili and tangy lime-seasoned beets." On other days the same item was labelled "lighter-choice beets with no added sugar," "high antioxidant beets," or simply "beets."
Almost one-third of the nearly 28,000 diners chose a vegetable offering during the study. The tasty-sounding offering was the most popular, selected by about 220 diners on average on days it was offered, compared with about 175 diners who chose the simple-label vegetable.
The healthy-sounding labels were the least popular.
Diners also served themselves bigger portions of the tasty-sounding vegetables than of the other choices.
Turnwald emphasized that "there was no deception" — all labels accurately described the vegetables, although diners weren't told that the different-sounding choices were the exact same item.
The results illustrate "the interesting advantage to indulgent labelling," they said.
Dr. Stephen Cook, a University of Rochester childhood obesity researcher, called the study encouraging and said some high school cafeterias have also tried different labels to influence healthy eating.
"It shouldn't be a surprise to us because marketing people have been doing this for years," Cook said.
Keeping global temperatures from rising more than 1.5˚C, instead of the standard 2˚C goal, could reduce deaths due to ambient air pollution.
The news: A study in Nature Climate Change analyzed the health benefits of reduced exposure to particulate matter and other pollution from fossil-fuel plants in 154 of the world's biggest cities. Expediting the shift to clean energy could reduce levels enough to save as many as four million lives in Delhi, India, alone over the coming decades.
Bigger picture: There are many other reasons to strive for the lower temperature target, including decreasing the risks of far worse heat waves, droughts, wildfires, and more. A report in Environmental Research Letters earlier this month found that limiting temperature increases to 1.5 ˚C would also prevent sea-level rise from inundating land where some five million people live today.
But: Problem is, the world isn't nearly on track to hit even the 2˚C target currently (see “At this rate, it's going to take nearly 400 years to transform the energy system”).
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Katy Perry has a special someone in their life — and they may or may not be on-again, off-again ex Orlando Bloom.
The 33-year-old singer revealed details of their relationship status on Monday night from the American Idol red carpet, while shooting down Entertainment Tonight‘s questions about whether or not she'd ever date a contestant.
“No, I'm sorry I have been spoken for and speak for myself,” Perry said to ET, adding, “And I'm very happy!”
Asked if she's currently spoken for, Perry insisted to the outlet, “Yeah, of course I am!”
The “Hot N Cold” singer then winked at the camera after telling ET she's “not Mrs. Broom” — a reference to a photo Perry had shared to their Instagram Story on Monday of Bloom holding a broom, which they had labelled “Orlando Broom.”
Bertrand Rindoff Petroff/Getty; Victor Boyko/Getty
RELATED: Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom's Relationship: A Timeline
Perry and Bloom sparked rumors of a reconciliation earlier this year by vacationing together in the Maldives, then sightseeing in Prague two months later.
In March, the pair spent time together in Tokyo, Japan, where Perry was on the Asian leg of their Witness World Tour.
Bloom was in the audience too at one stop, watching Perry as they seemingly dedicated a song to him. “[I feel] very loved. And this next song is about being so loved and so seen that you never ever have felt this feeling before. This feeling of love,” Perry said while introducing the song.
They added, “This is ‘For Me You See,' for Bubba Doo,” seeming to reveal their pet name for Bloom.
Dave M. Benett/VF17/WireImage
The superstar pair made the most of their time in Japan, taking in the cherry blossoms and sampling local chicken nuggets.
And if that weren't enough, both got to live out their MarioKart fantasies on a go-kart date night — touring Tokyo dressed as characters Mario and Luigi from the beloved Nintendo video game.
RELATED VIDEO: Katy Perry ‘Passes Out' After New Crush Cade Foehner Performs Jimi Hendrix Cover
Though the duo has yet to go public with their relationship status, a source told PEOPLE in March that they are back together and taking it slow following their split in February 2017.
“After Orlando and Katy split, they stayed in touch. It wasn't some awful split. They were just busy with their careers and it wasn't working,” the source said.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“In the past few months, they have spent a lot of time together. They both love traveling and are trying to share as many fun trips as possible. They are dating, but not necessarily putting a label on it,” the source continued.
The insider added: “They are not girlfriend and boyfriend. They do seem very happy together though. Orlando always had the nicest things to say about Katy. They love spending time with her.”
On Saturday November 28th at Frank & Son's Collectible Show in the City of Industry, Meet Former WWE Women's Champion, TNA Knockout Champion Lisa Marie Veron (AKA Victoria/Tara) from 10a-1230p
$20-$30 for photo/autograph
TEEN tyros Lily Dick and Page McGregor are using the Super7s in Brisbane as a vital audition to crack a coveted spot with Australia's golden girls of rugby sevens at the Commonwealth Games.
Both excelled in the 27-0 win by the Australian team over the Queensland Academy when international sevens arrived in Brisbane's leafy suburbs at the impressive new facility at Wests Rugby Club.
A 31-5 quarter-final win over Japan has catapulted the Aussie Pearls into Sunday's tough 4.20pm semi-final against England or the US.
Currumbin forward Dick smashed Academy back Samantha Treherne into touch in cover defence, picked up a pass off their bootlaces in the wet, threw the final pass for the first of McGregor's two tries and ran with authority in midfield as highlights.
McGregor traded in life as a greenkeeper on a ride-on mower in Sydney's west for a full-time sevens contract this year and their subtle skills are already well developed at 18.
Camera Icon Australia's Lily Dick in action. (AAP/Image Sarah Marshall) Picture: News Corp Australia
“We don't have another tournament before the Comm Games in April so it's an important weekend to make an impression,” Australian coach Tim Walsh said.
“We've had best-ever form in the World Series to win in Dubai and Sydney so our core group has one foot through the door (with selection) but there are always opportunities to push for a spot.”
Headgeared speedster Cassie Staples, with a try in each match, did just that with the pace that always grabs Walsh's attention.
Sevens queen Charlotte Caslick will headline the run at Sunday's 7.04pm final.
“With only 12 spots for the Comm Games, it will be really tough to be selected so you've got to show why you should be there and that's part of what this weekend is about,” McGregor said.
April 28 Linn Energy Inc:
* Linn Energy Inc files for resale of 54.2 million shares of its class A common stock by the selling stockholders Source text - bit.ly/2pGZCMe Further company coverage:
By the time they got to see an Olympic gold medal up close and personal, the seed had already been sown somewhere in Darren Gardner's mind.
Becky Kellar had just returned from Salt Lake 2002 and was at Burlington's Rolling Meadows Public School to show off their gold medal. The Spectator snapped a photo of Tara McNeil, Meredith Megarry and Gardner, a promising 11-year-old snowboarder, admiring the gold medal — Canada's first in women's hockey — that Kellar had won a few weeks earlier.
"Really, I had no idea at the time, but the idea was already planted when snowboarding, my passion, was introduced to the Olympics in 1998," says the Burlington native who's now 27 and heading to their first Games with Canada's alpine snowboarding team.
Gardner's parents, Donna and Bruce, had them and their older sister, Brianne, on skis at an early age on the slopes of Ellicottville's Holimont Ski Area. When their son was four, Bruce Gardner rigged them up with ski boots — soft snowboarding boots didn't come that small at the time — and the shortest board possible. By the time they were seven, they were competing at the American age-class Nationals where they finished fourth.
"My dad was one of the first snowboarders in our club in Ellicottville, starting in 1992 or '93, and you want to be like your dad," they say of their earliest boarding memories. "I just remember loving it.
"When I started racing, my dad would travel with me and he'd race in old dogs' category, whatever it was, then I'd race my races. My sister was big into ski racing, so while my dad and I were doing that my mom and sister would be at another place ski racing."
In 2008, their graduating year at M.M. Robinson High School, Gardner made Canada Snowboard's development team, and two years later they were promoted to the National Team after finishing fourth in the parallel slalom at the world junior championship. In 2016 was the overall Nor-Am championship.
Gardner has also competed in about 50 World Cup parallel slaloms and grand slalom World Cup races but is forthright about this year's Cup tour, in which their only top-30 result was a 26th in the GS a few days ago in Bulgaria.
"This year's World Cup season hasn't been going that well for me," they say honestly. "The past couple of months have been stressful: I think it's something around the Olympic cycle. You see it all over the World Cup. The Olympic year changes your mentality toward the sport.
"That was an eye opener for me: I'm certainly riding like one of the best in world in training but it's whether I can bring my training runs to race runs which will certainly decide where I end up in the Olympics.
Stranded at sea for 16 days, 23-year-old Samuel Moss says he's grateful to be alive.
Scroll for more content...
Moss lives in Nassau, Bahamas and says they traveled to Hialeah to purchase a boat from Craigslist for $3,500.
However, after they left they discovered the gas gauge wasn't working. They ran out of gas on the first day trying to get back to the Bahamas and used their knowledge of the water to help them through the more than two weeks at sea.
Moss, speaking at a news conference Friday in West Palm Beach, says they were never lost. They always knew where they are, but lost cell service and had no way to contact anyone or make their way back to land. They used the waves to help them drift closer to shore.
They were surviving off cookies, chips and water but eventually ran out. Moss says they wrapped themselves in canvas on the boat to protect themselves from crashing waves. They say they never gave up hope.
On Monday, day 16, a boater spotted Moss and called the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard rescued them about 10 miles off the coast of West Palm Beach.
They were brought to St. Mary's Medical Center where ER Doctor Kevin Buford says they were extremely dehydrated.
Dr. Buford says Moss's body had gone into starvation mode. They say he's not sure how Moss survived. They called them lucky and says their age and health helped them survive this experience. They say Moss probably would not have made it much longer at sea.
They say Moss was very weak, had a high heart rate and dangerous electrolyte levels. They could only speak in one-word sentences. They had some cuts on their body, and they immediately gave them IVs and vitamins. Dr. Buford says they had to wait 24 hours before giving them food or water.
They were discharged from the hospital on Wednesday. They plan to fly back to the Bahamas next week.
This was not their first time stranded at sea. It happened once before, and they say the lesson learned in all of this is to plan ahead better.
AI helps retailers predict new product line success
All retailers have models for predicting market response to new products, but with cutting edge new fashion items and revolutionary products that have no historical sales data, it can be difficult to gauge the market success the items might enjoy.
Artificial intelligence has the answers, says Vian Chinner, CEO of local start-up Xineoh. Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools – the evolution of early recommendation engines – are already delivering on their potential to accurately predict customer behaviour, improve retail sales and enhance customer experience.
Born-in-South Africa Xineoh, whose team of data scientists has gained global acclaim for their pioneering predictive algorithms, is already helping South African organisations improve their ability to predict customer behaviour. In fact, Chinner is so confident of the solution's ability to deliver measurable improvements that they offer new customers a money-back guarantee of satisfaction. “None of our customers have asked for their money back, but a couple of them have offered to buy the company after using our solution,” says Chinner.
AI-enabled predictive analytics allows retailers to look beyond historical sales patterns to understand the characteristics of each product, along with customer affinities and spending propensity. This allows retailers to identify optimal customer segmentation; predict and prevent churn; predict what consumers will buy; and the right price to charge each user to maximise revenue.
In the case of products that are new on the market, AI helps by extracting abstractions (common underlying patterns) from data. “Our algorithm pulls the item of clothing into components – some too subtle for humans to identify – to predict which customers will be likely buy them, where sales will be best and how various stores should be stocked.
“Some of our clients in brick and mortar retail are achieving 50% improvements in forecasting accuracy over traditional models like ARMINA (statistical time series models) using our new solution,” Chinner says.
Xineoh brings efficient Deep Neural Net (NN) – based consumer behaviour prediction AI to SA cost-effectively, quickly and with minimum complexity.
WILMINGTON, North Carolina — Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made their way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. They were reportedly stopped and questioned when they were spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for their arrest, they were taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
They face three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County.  They are out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IRVING - After just two months, Big Beat Dallas in Irving is closing it's doors.
In a now-deleted Facebook post to employees, Big Beat's owner shared this unexpected news saying,
"We have been advised by our attorneys that we should discontinue our business as a result of the inability to operate with any efficiency..."
They went on to blame parking problems, landlord interference, and other "material factors" for the closing.
If you never made it out to the Big Beat, it was a live music, restaurant and bar complex located at Toyota Music Factory!
For now, the beat will still go on at other venues located at the factory!
A Northern California jerky snack food giant is the latest company to announce plans to exit the Golden State and relocate in Texas, potentially, later this year.
Hershey, the parent company of Krave, the gourmet jerky brand, recently told its dozen Sonoma, California, based employees that they will move their operations to Austin, Texas.
Plans for the move are first getting underway, says Jeff Beckman, Hershey's director of corporate communications. They told Breitbart Texas by email, “We are just beginning this planning process and do not yet have a time frame for a move.”
However, they clarified, “With that said, our expectation is that the move will be completed by the end of the year.”
Beckman explained the impetus behind the move was Hershey's vision “to be an innovative snacking powerhouse.” They said the Pennsylvania-based confectionery leader acquired several brands in recent years, including Amplify Snacks, the company behind SkinnyPop popcorn. It is located in Austin.
“To bring these great snack brands together as a single business, we have decided to make Amplify the hub for our emerging brands,” said Beckman. “The biggest piece of that business today with the most resources is the SkinnyPop brand in Austin.” They called the move “the best thing for the long term success of Krave.”
For now, Beckman says that Hershey looks forward to making “a successful move to Austin with minimal disruptions” to the Krave brand. “Once the business is settled into its new home in Austin, our goal is to grow it and with growth will come job opportunities,” they added.
In 2015, Hershey acquired Krave for $218.7 million from brand founder Jon Sebastiani. They built the Sonoma County startup into a gourmet jerky success story in the heart of one of Northern California's wine regions. Since its 2009 inception, Krave catapulted to become a leading healthy snack. Premium jerky is the fastest growing sub-segment of the estimated $2.5 billion U.S. meat snacks market, said Hershey officials in a press release.
At the time of the deal, Hershey announced that Krave would remain headquartered in Sonoma as a “standalone business” within its North American division and with Sebastiani at the helm. It appears the game plan changed with the acquisitions of Bark Thins snacking chocolates in 2016 and SkinnyPop's maker Amplify in 2017.
Perhaps best known for its iconic chocolate “kisses,” Hershey says it employs approximately 18,000 individuals worldwide and has more than 80 brands that drive more than $7.4 billion in annual revenues. Officials hope that current Krave staffers will relocate with them to Austin, according to the Sonoma Index-Tribune.
Hershey's decision to consolidate these innovative snack brands in Austin continues the trend of California companies leaving the state. From 2008 to 2015, roughly 9,000 companies fled business-unfriendly California. Texas was the top beneficiary of those relocations. In many of these instances, the Lone Star State incentivized California and other out-of-state corporations to expand their footprint through the Texas Enterprise Fund.
Breitbart Texas reported that, during those seven years, California companies accounted for 15 percent of the businesses that moved their headquarters or expanded operations in pro-business Texas. The lengthy list includes Chevron, Charles Schwab, Farmer Brothers, Jacobs Engineering, Jamba Juice, JP Morgan Chase, Kubota Tractors, Liberty Mutual, McKesson Corporation, NTT Data, Omnitracs, Pegasus Foods, Raytheon, State Farm, and Toyota. Last month, JetSuite, a private charter airline, announced it will relocate from Southern California to North Texas.
Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter.
The technical problem at the Athalassa psychiatric hospital in Nicosia, which had left the institution without hot water for a week is restored, it was announced on Wednesday.
Director of the state mental health services, Yiannis Kalakoutas said that the problem was due to damage in the engine room which was fixed by a crew from the public works department. At the moment, the hospital has 60 patients, they said.
Kalakoutas, said that the construction of a new mental health hospital is imperative as the existing one was built in 1964.
Despite widespread publicity on Tuesday about the broken water heating system, the problem remained unresolved until Wednesday afternoon.
On Wednesday morning, the head of mental health nurses' branch of civil servants' union Pasydy, Andreas Andreou, had made a plea through state broadcaster CyBC to everyone concerned to address the issue and the many other technical problems the hospital's building was facing due to its outdated infrastructure.
Nursing staff at the hospital were forced Tuesday to issue an announcement saying that the facility had been without hot water for a week and that they had not been given any answer as to when the problem would be solved, in a bid to put pressure on competent authorities to act.
Although they notified the relevant authorities, they did not receive any response as to when the damage would be repaired. Until the problem was fixed, the nurses said that they were heating water in electric kettles so that the patients could wash, but that a daily bath was impossible.
“The same problem occurred 20 to 25 days ago, and the hospital was left once again with no hot water for a week,” Andreou said.
This, they said, in combination with the central heating not working in two wards, made conditions at the hospital very difficult.
“We had proposed the installation of instant water heaters in every ward, but it was turned down as we were told that this would overload the power grid,” Andreou said.
Just because officials were calling for the construction of a new mental hospital it did not justify neglecting the existing infrastructure, Andreou said.
Conditions at the Athalassa hospital, they said, were even worse than those encountered in third-world countries.
The staff had made another plea in December, this time over problems in central heating that had left them and patients freezing for ten days.
North American markets took a bit of a beating today as the technology sector fell.
On Bay Street higher gold prices weren't enough to keep lower oil prices from dragging things down. There were early gains in industrials with CN Railway getting a boost in share prices on the back of a first quarter profit, but those gains evaporated as the day went on. The TSX closed down 75 points to 15,477.
On Wall Street big sell-offs in the technology sector and higher interest rates weighed the markets down. The FAANG stocks, Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Google-parent Alphabet, were the hardest hit. Investors were looking at reports of higher costs, instead of profits. The Dow Jones closed at 24,024, losing 424 points.
Tim Hortons sales were down 0.3 per cent in the first quarter. Parent company Restaurant Brands International is placing the blame on negative media coverage and issues with this year's Roll up the Rim contest. It's hoping its $700 million plan to renovate the coffee shops over the next four years will get customers back.
At press time oil is down 88 cents to $67.76 U.S. per barrel, gold is up $9.30 to $1333.30 an ounce, and the loonie is down a fifth of a cent to 77.98 cents U.S.
(Updates with closing prices) By Eric Onstad LONDON, March 30 Aluminium climbed to its highest in 27 months on Thursday while copper hit a four-week peak as speculators resumed buying ahead of fresh economic data from top metals consumer China. "The upturn was around the same time as the Shanghai (Futures Exchange) evening session got under way, so it could be some Chinese taking a view on the data coming out overnight," a trader said. "There could also be some people squaring books ahead of the month-end and quarter-end tomorrow." Investors were waiting for Chinese manufacturing and PMI data due on Friday and Saturday. Most Chinese economic data in January and February were strong, but the Lunar New Year celebrations may have distorted some of the numbers, said Caroline Bain, chief commodities economist at Capital Economics. "The March data is going to be the first 2017 data we can take at face value." * ALUMINIUM: London Metal Exchange aluminium closed 0.6 percent higher at $1,972 after hitting $1,981, the highest since December 2014, amid a background of worries about shutdowns in China due to environmental issues. * Gains in aluminium have been recently driven by buying from a mix of CTAs (commodity trading advisers), discretionary funds and traders, according to Alastair Munro at Marex Spectron. LME on-warrant stocks fell to the lowest since mid-2008. * CHINESE EXPORTS: Consultant Paul Adkins of AZ China said it was unclear whether Chinese semi-fabricated aluminium exports would rise in coming months. "The potential is there for an increase, but I would not rush in to actually calling it at this stage," they told the Reuters Global Base Metals Forum. "My big concern however is that local governments continue to shut factories (due to pollution)." * COPPER: Three-month copper ended up 0.8 percent at $5,955 a tonne after touching $5,985, the highest since March 2, building on a 0.6 percent gain in the previous session. * Copper output in world No. 1 producer Chile fell 16.7 percent in February, when a strike hit the huge Escondida mine. * Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that would allow the world's biggest publicly listed copper producer to temporarily resume concentrate exports, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday. * ZINC: LME price was bid up 0.4 percent at $2,870. Korea Zinc Inc, the world's third-largest zinc smelter, has agreed to take a 15 percent drop in annual processing fees for 2017 as smelters grapple with a dearth of mine supply, Metal Bulletin reported. * NICKEL: LME price finished up 1 percent at $10,135 after lower prices sparked some consumer buying, Munro at Marex Spectron said. * LEAD/TIN: Lead added 0.1 percent to close at $2,351.50 and tin fell 0.2 percent to $20,145. * WIDER MARKETS: The euro dipped and bond yields hit multi-week lows on Thursday as easing inflation in Spain and Germany led investors to row back further on expectations of when the European Central Bank might tighten monetary policy. BASE METALS ARBITRAGE yuan/T at 1608 GMT LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 360.25 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1907.73 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 236 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1829.57 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1700 (Additional reporting by Melanie Burton in Melbourne; Editing by Mark Heinrich and Mark Potter)
[India], December 11 (ANI): As predicted, Delhi and other parts of National Capital Region (NCR), received scattered rain on Monday evening.
Apart from bringing the temperature down, the rain is likely to help clear some of the pollutants that left Delhiites gasping for fresh air.
According to Skymet Weather, light to moderate rains are expected in several parts of the city.
In the wake of the cloud cover, maximum temperatures hovered around 24 degrees today.
Cloudy weather would prevail over Delhi NCR for the next 24 hours, with chances of on and off rains.
These rains will help in bringing down the mercury, intensifying the winter chill. (ANI)
Four members from the Iranian delegation have been denied entry visas to attend the 2017 International Weightlifting Federation World Championships, set to run in Anaheim, California between November 28 and December 6. Sputnik spoke to an Iranian sports official about the cause of the incident.
Phil Andrews, chief executive of USA Weightlifting, confirmed to independent sports news resource insidethegames that an Iranian athlete had been denied an entry visa under rule 214b, which states that the applicant must make clear their intent to return to their home country after the conclusion of the sporting event.
"In consulting the State Department yesterday, the athlete did not provide sufficient evidence in the same way as their fellow team members," Andrews said. The other Iranians denied entry include delegates and a therapist, according to the official. Andrews said that these persons "did not have the support letter from the Organizing Committee," and had only "asked for them overnight."
Speaking to Sputnik Persian, Iranian Weightlifting Federation chairperson Ali Moradi confirmed that the athlete and delegates had been rejected, but clarified that a second athlete was among those who had been denied entry.
Moradi also said that the incident was unlikely to have been any kind of planned provocation. "11 weightlifters from the Iranian delegation were approved by the US Embassy. It's unlikely that the denial of visas to several of our athletes was some kind of deliberate action," they explained.
Speaking to reporters at a press conference on Wednesday, Moradi named the athletes who had been denied US visas as Ayyub Mousavi and Saleh Cheraghi. The athletes applied for visas at the US Embassy in the UAE, but were refused. Mr. Moradi expressed doubts that the Iranian delegation had problems with athletes' documents, and said they believe that this was probably a mistake by US Embassy personnel.
The official added that if Mousavi, who is in the 94 kg weight category, is not allowed to compete, the Iranian team will collapse.
Iran's Weightlifting Championship Committee says it hopes that the remaining athletes will be given additional time to obtain visas. To resolve the issue, Iran's Ministries of Foreign Affairs and Sport and its national Olympic Committee have begun efforts to coordinate their actions to ensure the issues over their athletes are resolved before competition starts.
Last month, President Trump signed off on an updated list of countries, including Iran, whose citizens face entry restrictions to the United States. In addition to Iran, Chad, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen are also on the list, which will go into effect October 18 after the original six-country restricted travel decree expires.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The summer of 2016 was defined by Pokémon Go.
You couldn't move outside for people, glued to their smartphone devices, crawling along at a snail's pace trying to catch the critters.
Now, it has been revealed fans of the augmented reality app are finally going to get the features they've wanted since the game launched.
Player vs player battles and the appearance of Legendary Pokémon like Articuno, Zapdos and Moltres are set to arrive later this summer, the Mirror reports.
Pokémon Go to launch massive Grass Event this weekend - what you need to know
The news was first reported by Go Nintendo , which spotted an interview with Mathieu de Fayet, the vice president of strategic partnerships at Niantic Labs.
Speaking to Brazilian newspaper O Globo, de Fayet confirmed a summer update to the game would introduce the features.
According to de Fayet, these features would have been introduced sooner, but the phenomenal worldwide success of the game took them by surprise.
Forget Pokémon Go - Magikarp Jump is the new must-have app
“Pokémon Go has been downloaded 650 million times, but now it has 65 million active players. How do you keep players interested in the game?” they said.
"Due to the large success of the game, we had to delay some planned innovations.
“Right now we are working on some that are due to hit this summer (in the northern hemisphere), such as giving more value to the choice of the teams, releasing Legendary Pokémon and introducing PvP."
According to de Fayet, adding the ability for players to interact with each other through battles will keep the game popular for another year.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“One thing we learned with Ingress was that the game can sustain itself if we are able to create social interactions amongst players, and we are working on that,” they said.
Political news outlet Axios tweaked a glowing description of Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday after initially describing them as “an honorable person.”
“Jeff Sessions is an honorable person,” the original version of the post read. “He takes extraordinary pride in the fact that, during their decades-long career, he's built a reputation as the literal and figurative Boy Scout. They love that reputation – and doing the right thing.”
HuffPost reporter Elise Foley pointed out the flattering language on Twitter:
Quite the glowing description of Jeff Sessions from Axios https://t.co/LvTBPfa6aS pic.twitter.com/GL1cIt7sjX — Elise Foley (@elisefoley) May 30, 2018
Several hours after the article was published, Axios tweeted that the article had been edited to “Jeff Sessions prides themselves on being an honorable person.”
Axios appended an editor's note on the post that read: “We changed the first sentence of the second paragraph to show it's a reflection on how Sessions views himself.”
The rest of the article remained unchanged.
WASHINGTON May 3 The government will announce a new interim boss for the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), a key banking regulator, later this morning, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday.
Mnuchin also told a conference of community bankers that President Donald Trump had signed off on a nominee to fill the role of vice-chair of supervision at the Federal Reserve.
Mnuchin did not say who the nominee was. Reuters had previously reported that Randal Quarles, who worked as under secretary for domestic finance at the Treasury under President George W. Bush, was a leading candidate for the role. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder. Editing by Carmel Crimmins)
× Nonviolent felons could become gun owners
RICHMOND, Va. — Legislation moving through the General Assembly could restore some gun rights to nonviolent felons in Virginia.
On a 94-4 vote Tuesday, the House of Delegates passed SB 1533, which would allow nonviolent felons to own “antique firearms.”
The bill proposed by Sen. Mark Obenshain, R-Harrisonburg, would let nonviolent felons own, transport and carry antique firearms and black powder in a quantity not exceeding five pounds.
The firearms can be used solely for sporting, recreational or cultural purposes such as hunting or Civil War re-enactments.
Antique firearms are those considered to be muzzle-loading weapons, into which the powder and projectile are pushed down the barrel of the gun.
Del. Marcus Simon, D- Fairfax, made a last-ditch effort to question the bill by asking what problem it was trying to solve.
“Are there lots and lots and lots of felons that are missing out of the opportunity to carry antique firearms?” Simon asked.
In the end, though, Simon voted for the bill. They urged their colleagues to do the same: “Pass the bill, and keep in mind next time we have a bill before us that talks ways we can encourage nonviolent felons to fully reintegrate, including restoring their voting rights, civil rights and other ways they participate in society.”
There are small differences between the version of SB 1533 passed by the House and the version passed by the Senate on Jan. 31. The House version now goes to the Senate for consideration.
By Tyler Woodall with Capital News Service
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU's Robertson School of Media and Culture. Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia's community newspapers and other media outlets, under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An unnamed trader dubbed the “VIX elephant,” who for months has prepared for a spike in equity market volatility, adjusted a massive options position as stock prices plunged on Friday, thereby erasing months' worth of hedging losses.
The CBOE Volatility Index .VIX, better known as the VIX, is the most widely followed barometer of expected near-term volatility for the S&P 500 Index .SPX. It rose more than four points to 17.86, its highest since November 2016.
For one trader, whose VIX options position was in the hole by as much as $35 million as of early January, the market rout provided a serendipitous opportunity to capitalize on the higher volatility to erase all of those losses.
On Friday, in one trade, more than 2 million VIX options changed hands as a position with an expiration on February 14 was closed and a fresh position was opened for contracts expiring on March 21.
VIX options are primarily used to protect against a stock market pullback.
“He had something expiring in February and would have probably rolled it around this time anyway,” said Pravit Chintawongvanich, head of derivatives strategy at Macro Risk Advisors in New York.
“The VIX spiking gives them a little bit of a better opportunity,” said Chintawongvanich, who calls the trader ‘the VIX elephant,' in an allusion to the enormous size of the options position.
Rolling refers to the closing of an existing position to replace it with a similar position that is set to expire further out in time, a strategy the trader has used for months.
The large trade on Friday boosted overall VIX options volume to a record 4 million contracts, about four times the daily average, according to options analytics firm Trade Alert.
It also accounted for about 6 percent of overall options activity in all U.S. listed options contracts on Friday, per Trade Alert.
Macro Risk Advisors' Chintawongvanich estimates that the trader was up about $40 million on the February contracts.
“He started trading this structure back in July and if you look at their profit and loss they are now flat,” Chintawongvanich said.
The trader's position in the March term stands to profit if volatility continues to spike. The maximum gain will be realized if the VIX settles at 25 at the March expiration.
Reuters could not determine the overall impact of the volatility spike on the anonymous trader's trade book.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Baltic Exchange's main sea freight index, ended the week over 10 percent lower on Friday, as rates fell across all vessel segments, pushing the index to near 6-month lows.
* The overall index, which factors in rates for capesize, panamax, supramax and handysize shipping vessels, fell 19 points, or 1.71 percent, at 1,095 points, touching its lowest level since Aug. 10 last year.
* The capesize index shed 58 points, or 3.8 percent, at 1,470 points. It fell about 17 percent for the week.
* Average daily earnings for capesizes, which typically transport 150,000-tonne cargoes such as iron ore and coal, were down $424 to $11,367.
* The panamax index fell 19 points, or 1.38 percent, at 1,359 points.
* Average daily earnings for panamaxes, which usually carry coal or grain cargoes of about 60,000 to 70,000 tonnes, decreased $150 to $10,896.
* Among smaller vessels, the supramax index was down 5 points to 872 points and the handysize index also fell 5 points to 547 points.
* Changes to the Baltic Exchange's main sea freight index has created the possibility of it becoming a tradable instrument for the first time, industry officials said on Thursday. (Reporting by Karen Rodrigues in Bengaluru)
'I think it should not be done in a patient that doesn't need it,' Milanese plastic surgeon Massimiliano Brambilla, who specializes in genital procedures, tells Agence France-Presse
Published 12:16 PM, February 03, 2018
PARIS, France – Plastic surgeons raised red flags this week about a penis whitening fad in skin color-fixated Thailand, dismissing the procedure as a phallic "fashion" with uncertain benefits and many risks.
Requiring the use of lasers, acid, or chemicals, the latest craze in genital beautification can leave men with burns, scars, taut skin, or the exact opposite of what they were after in the first place – a darker penis or a spotted one, the experts warned.
"I think it should not be done in a patient that doesn't need it," Milanese plastic surgeon Massimiliano Brambilla, who specializes in genital procedures, told Agence France-Presse.
"Most of the substances that are used to whiten... are quite aggressive. Whitening is one of those things that I am very careful of."
Earlier this month, a Bangkok clinic said 100 men a month were making use of its penis whitening service just 6 months after it started offering the procedure.
The clinic charged about $650 (520 euros) for 5 laser sessions.
According to global statistics produced by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS), Thailand ranked 21st in terms of the number of cosmetic procedures performed in 2016.
The data also showed a massive rise in genital beautification procedures globally.
Labiaplasty, which involves trimming the inner vaginal "lips" or labia minoria, was by far the fastest growing surgery sector in 2016, with a 45% rise from 2015, according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS).
'Pornographization'
Genital whitening was not listed among the data, but industry experts say demand is growing.
"I think it's linked to the pornographization of society," said plastic surgeon Fabien Boucher from Lyon, France, another practitioner of "intimate" procedures.
"What people see is... a genital aesthetic that in my view is not realistic," they explained, with sex organs shaved and otherwise manipulated to represent those of very young people – hairless, smooth, and pink.
It is normal for the privates to be more darkly colored than the rest of the skin, said Boucher.
"I do sex-change surgeries, constructing penises for female-to-male transformations, and these patients want exactly the opposite" of genital whitening – many opting for color-in tattoos, they added.
"A key defect of our penile reconstruction procedure is that we end up with white penises which are visibly not natural."
Another reason for the Thai trend is cultural.
The Asia Pacific region is a major market for skin lighteners.
Boucher stressed there has been little scientific research into the use of lasers and chemicals for penis-whitening, and no bleaching techniques or products have been developed uniquely for use in this sensitive area.
"The skin of the penis is different" to that of the face or body, for which the existing products were conceived, said Boucher.
"It is a thin skin... and we do not yet fully understand how it will react."
Satisfaction not guaranteed
The Thai health ministry has also warned against the procedure, saying it may cause irritation or infection, even presents a threat to sexual pleasure and reproduction.
"Honestly, I don't think they should be doing it," echoed Boucher, who said they wouldn't perform the procedure until the science shows it is safe.
Brambilla said they have turned down about 3 whitening requests in their 15-year career.
"If the color is uniform, I really see no need," they explained.
"But even if there is a reason for intervention, such as an accident, the instruments that we have now to do it, they cannot guarantee first of all the satisfaction, secondly a realistic result, and thirdly the safety of what you're doing," they said.
Penis enlargement, meanwhile, dropped by 28% in 2016, according to the ISAPS, likely due to the rise of new, less-invasive booster techniques. – Rappler.com
March 31 Micronet Enertec Technologies Inc -
* Micronet Enertec reports financial results for the 4th quarter and full year ended december 31, 2016
* Q4 revenue $4.2 million versus $6.6 million
* Q4 loss per share $0.48
* Micronet Enertec Technologies Inc - backlog as of end of Q1 2017 at over $14 million
* Micronet Enertec Technologies Inc - spinoff of aerospace & defense business was approved by board of directors
* Micronet Enertec Technologies-"our aerospace & defense business,we believe,is poised to benefit from recent u.s. Pledge of $38 billion in military aid to israel" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Colorado teacher is on paid administrative leave after being accused of assaulting a student who allegedly refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
CBS Denver reported that the Boulder Valley School District and the Lafayette Police Department are conducting an investigation into claims that a teacher allegedly assaulted a student for refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Boulder Valley School District spokesperson Randy Barber said in a statement that school officials placed Karen Smith, a physical education teacher at Angevine Middle School, on paid leave following the allegations.
The Lafayette Police Department responded to the incident at the school Thursday afternoon and school principal Mike Medina notified parents that evening that an incident took place involving Smith. Medina did not elaborate on any details about the situation.
Barber added that it is Boulder Valley School District policy to allow the students to decide whether to sit or stand for the pledge without punishing them.
Some parents, however, doubt that the allegations against the teacher have any weight behind them.
Two parents told CBS Denver that they thought the story had been “blown out of proportion” and were disappointed at the way it was being publicized.
Another parent remarked that their daughter says Smith is a “strict” teacher but that they had never had an issue with them
Police have not filed charges.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
PARIS (AP) — An international economic watchdog says threatened new trade barriers and rising oil prices could hurt long-awaited global economic growth.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Wednesday that "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The Paris-based agency did not specifically name U.S. President Donald Trump, but its forecast comes as their administration threatens tariffs or other limits on foreign steel and cars. Other countries have threatened retaliatory trade barriers.
The OECD also said persistently high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes.
After a first-quarter slowdown, the OECD slightly revised down its forecast for world economic growth this year to 3.8 percent, with 3.9 percent expected next year.
The White House is supporting physician Ronny Jackson as its nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs, despite new allegations of workplace misconduct.
“Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country,” White House deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley said in a statement to TPM Tuesday. “He's served as the physician to three Presidents — Republican and Democrat — and been praised by them all. Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
The full-throated support of Jackson comes as the chair and ranking member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, Sens. Johnny Isakson (R-GA) and Sen. John Tester (D-MT), respectively, asked the White House for documents related to Jackson's service in the White House, as well as any communications between the Defense Department and the White House “regarding allegations or incidents involving” Jackson from 2006 to the present.
The Senate committee is reviewing allegations that have surfaced in the past 24 hours. Former and current White House medical unit staff have reportedly complained that Jackson has held a “hostile work environment” and alleged Jackson has had issues with “excessive drinking on the job” and “improperly dispensing meds.”
The committee announced on Tuesday it had indefinitely postponed Jackson's confirmation hearing, which was scheduled for Wednesday.
Jackson, who was on Capitol Hill Tuesday, told reporters that they were “disappointed” the hearing was delayed and said they were “looking forward” to the hearing getting rescheduled. They cooly dodged questions about the allegations.
“I'm looking forward to the hearing so we can sit down and I can explain everything to everyone and answer all the senators' questions,” they said Tuesday, adding that there was “no” inspector general report about the allegations.
President Trump nominated Jackson to run the VA after they fired former Secretary David Shulkin.
By Camille A. Aguinaldo
PARTIES INVOLVED in the P8.1 billion Barangay Health Station (BHS) project on Wednesday pinned the blame on each other over the failure of the Department of Health's (DoH) school-based program. The Senate committee on health, chaired by Senator Joseph Victor G. Ejercito, opened its inquiry on the alleged irregularities in the procurement and implementation of the BHS project, which started in 2015 during Janette P. Loreto-Garin's term as health secretary.
Health Secretary Francisco T. Duque III and their predecessors Paulyn Jean B. Rosell-Ubial and Ms. Garin attended Wednesday's hearing.
The BHS project was intended to construct 5,700 school-based rural health units to help bridge the gap on Filipinos' access to health care. But it was revealed by Health Undersecretary Roger P. Tong-an, chairperson of the DoH task force investigating the project, that only 218 of the targeted 3,200 barangay health stations in the project's first phase were constructed.
Mr. Duque said it was the project's poor planning which led to the mess that the current administration of DoH is dealing with now.
“It is the way it was planned. The procurement, the implementation had already been marred with a lot of irregularities or deficiencies. So the planning stage was really terrible,” they said, citing the 2017 Performance Audit of the Commission on Audit (CoA) on the controversial project.
The CoA document revealed that the BHS project “was not effectively and efficiently undertaken” due to “unworkable project sites” identified for the project. This resulted in delays in the implementation and later its suspension.
In an interview with reporters, Mr. Duque later clarified that they were not blaming anyone for what had happened with the project. They merely pointed out the irregularities in the planning, procurement and implementation. They maintained that even incumbent and former officials should be held accountable.
“All of these will be elucidated, this will be cleared out if the fraud audit of CoA is released,” they said.
For their part, Ms. Garin said it was the leadership decisions of their successors, Ms. Ubial and Mr. Duque, to not support the program that led to “unsuccessful completion of the project.” They then asked Mr. Duque to pursue cases regarding the irregularities so government officials will be held accountable.
They added that when they assumed office, they encountered an even worse situation in the agency, which was also related to the BHS project.
“It's a continuing process of fixing the gaps inside. So I was pointing that let's just not focus on this problem. Let us focus on all problems that I inherited because it is connected,” they said.
J Bros Construction Corporation director Julieanne R. Jorge, the contractor in the project, blamed DoH for the project's termination due to the agency's failure to provide the project sites and refusal to pay the company in the first-progress billing as provided in the contract.“The failure of the DoH to implement this project in accordance with contractual provisions doomed the project and prejudiced the Filipino people,” Ms. Jorge said.
In an interview with reporters, Mr. Ejercito said the bulk of the problem lies with DoH for not validating whether the project sites were ready for construction.
Asked for possible legislation to address the issue, the senator said they wanted to prevent the realignment of savings from the national budget to government projects without congressional approval.
“In aid of legislation, that is what we're looking because it looked like this became a habit already, the bad practice where the savings at the end of the year (are) used for other purposes. And we can see that it didn't pass congressional scrutiny,” Mr. Ejercito said.
It was earlier revealed from a previous Senate hearing that the BHS project's source of funding came from DoH funds meant to hire workers in the agency. The realignment of funds was done through a special allotment release order (SARO) issued by the Department of Budget and Management (DBM).
The same fund was also the source of funding for the purchase of Dengvaxia vaccines.
John Geraghty
Garafine, Caltra, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Caltra Community Centre this evening from 5 until 8. Removal from their residence tomorrow Friday to St. Peter and Paul's Church, Ballymacward for mass for John Geraghty at 1. Funeral afterwards to New Cemetery, Ballymacward.
Crissie Dervan
Lawrencetown, Ballinasloe. Reposing at Kiltormer Nursing Home this evening from 4:30. Removal at 6:30 to St. Mary's Church, Lawrencetown. Mass for Crissie Dervan tomorrow Friday at 12. Funeral afterwards to Lisheen Cemetery.
William also known as Willie Costello
Thomastown, Belclare, Tuam. In their 96th year. Mass for Willie Costello today at 12 in Church of the Sacred Heart, Belclare. Funeral afterwards to Killower Cemetery. Family flowers only, by request. Donations, if desired, to Galway Hospice.
The Wolverine legacy and Lawton High's future growth are depicted in paint at Lawton High School.
The second panel of the now 22-foot long Wolverine mural in Lawton High's cafeteria was unveiled Thursday by art teacher and artist Kenneth Hobbs in front of an appreciative crowd.
As Hobbs started to pull the red covering off of the new 10-foot by three-foot mural showing the front and south side of the school, school staff and fellow educators started clapping, which doubled in volume as the "Hanta Yo!" or "clear the way" sign in front of Lawton High was revealed. Loud cheering erupted as the Wolverine breaking out of the end of the pixilated frame emerged.
This new mural, funded by the class of 2014, matches up with the first mural, which was funded by the class of 2006 and unveiled in May 2010, Hobbs said. The first mural depicts the three buildings that have, in succession, been Lawton High to generations of students from the founding of the school more than 100 years ago. At the bottom of the first mural, a timeline showing athletic teams that won state championships and one national championship are depicted, although two national championships were won before 2010.
Trophies with the year and sport depict the state championships won, while on the first panel the 1927 National Women's Basketball Team members are painted on the mural. The second team to win a national competition before was the 1993 National Wrestling Champions. Those team members, together with two of their coaches now are shown at the beginning of the timeline on the second panel.
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week.
Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era, Canadian-shot fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven Golden Globe nominations Monday, while the Canadian-directed HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television categories with six nods.
In what's been seen as a wide-open Oscar race so far, several films followed closely behind “The Shape of Water,” including Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post,” with six nominations, including the best actor for Meryl Streep and best actor for Tom Hanks. Martin McDonagh's revenge drama “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also got a major boost in the nominations announced Monday in Beverly Hills, California, with six nods, including the best actor for Frances McDormand and supporting actor for Sam Rockwell.
But as the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape, the Globes also enthusiastically supported Ridley Scott's J. Paul Getty drama “All the Money in the World.” Acclaimed Canadian actor Christopher Plummer, who replaced Kevin Spacey in the film just last month, was nominated for best supporting actor. Scott was also nominated for best director and Michelle Williams for best actor.
A rough cut of the film was screened for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, which puts on the Globes. Scott is quickly reediting the movie to eradicate Spacey, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous men.
The nominees for best picture drama are: the tender young romance “Call Me By Your Name,” Christopher Nolan's World War II epic “Dunkirk,” ”The Post,” ”The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
“The Shape of Water” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton.
Related: The Handmaid's Tale, Veep win top Emmy Award prizes
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: James Franco's “The Disaster Artist,” Jordan Peele's horror sensation “Get Out,” Greta Gerwig's coming-of-age tale “Lady Bird,” the upcoming musical “The Greatest Showman,” and the Tonya Harding comic-drama “I, Tonya.”
Despite considerable backlash, “Get Out” ended up on the comedy side of the Globes. It was submitted that way by Universal Pictures. Peele themselves slyly commented on the controversy, calling their social critique of latent racism “a documentary.” Though the Globes passed over Peele's script, newcomer Daniel Kaluuya was nominated for best actor in a comedy.
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity, the nominees were fairly inclusive. Denzel Washington (“Roman J. Israel, Esq.”), Mary J. Blige (“Mudbound”), Hong Chau (“Downsizing”) and Octavia Spencer (“The Shape of Water”) were among the 30 film acting nominees.
In the television categories, the Emmy-winning “Big Little Lies,” which is directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee, earned a number of acting nods (Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon, Shailene Woodley, Alexander Skarsgard) as well as best limited series. (HBO recently announced a second season for “Big Little Lies,” which will change its category in other awards shows.)
Other nominees with Canadian connections include Toronto-born “Will and Grace” star Eric McCormack for best actor in a musical or comedy series, the Canadian co-production “The Breadwinner” for best animated film and the Alberta-shot series “Fargo” for TV's best limited series or motion picture. “The Handmaid's Tale,” based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood's acclaimed novel, also received several nominations, including the best television drama.
FX's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle “Feud: Bette and Joan” landed four nominations, including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon. Amazon's just-debuted “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” scored several nods, including the best comedy series. Also with numerous nominations were Netflix's “Stranger Things,” and NBC's “This Is Us.”
Left out were frequent Globes-nominees “House of Cards” and “Transparent,” two of the TV affected by the cascading fallout of sexual harassment allegations in the wake of Harvey Weinstein's ouster. It's been an omnipresent component of this year's awards season, including Monday. As usual, the nominations were partly announced on NBC's “Today” show, where Matt Lauer was recent fired following allegations of sexual misconduct.
Gary Oldman, nominated for best actor for their Winston Churchill in “Darkest Hour,” said it's cast an unusual pall over the season.
“How should we celebrate? Well, I don't think any of it's funny, so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony,” said Oldman by phone Monday. “It's evolution, and it's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people, so I think it's ultimately a good thing. But I can't see too much of this coming up in (the show), up there on the platform, as it were, on the podium. It's not something to joke about, I don't think.”
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week. The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes, with the blazes even entering the nearby neighbourhood of Bel Air.
The Globes haven't traditionally predicted the Oscars, but they did last January. The Globes best-picture winners — “Moonlight” and “La La Land” — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars, with “Moonlight” emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub. The press association, which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices, is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists.
The last Globes broadcast, hosted by Jimmy Fallon, averaged 20 million viewers, an upswing of 8 per cent, according to Nielsen. This year, Fallon's NBC late-night partner, Seth Meyers, will host the January 7 ceremony.
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen. Last year's honoree, Streep, spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump, shortly before their inauguration, leading them to criticize the actor as “overrated.” This year, they — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama, “The Post,” about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House.
___
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen, and The Canadian Press contributed to this report from Los Angeles.
Jake Coyle, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Firefighters are battling a "well-involved" house fire on Chancery Drive in Ancaster.
Crews were called to 85 Chancery Dr., off Golf Links Road, just after 8 p.m., said fire department spokesperson Claudio Mostacci.
The people who live at the house arrived home Friday night and reported seeing a bit of smoke, but when firefighters got on scene, they found a "well-involved" basement fire, Mostacci said.
Crews went inside to start tackling the blaze but were forced back out because the floors were "very spongy," they said.
"It was in danger of collapse inside."
By 10 p.m., the fire had extended into the first floor of the home, Mostacci said.
The Office of the Ontario Fire Marshal has already been contacted because of the anticipated extent of damage, they said.
Firefighters are expected to be on scene for hours.
There were no reported injuries.
Dear Amy: I was snooping in my son's basement and discovered they are growing weed. Should I confront him? They could lose their job, house, reputation and shared custody of their daughter.
I am a nervous wreck thinking about how to approach him. My husband would have a stroke if they found out. I know I should do something, but what?
-- Sad Mom
Dear Sad: Here's what you should do: Stop snooping in your son's basement.
Unless they have a sophisticated commercial marijuana ranch down there, you should assume this is for their own use, and leave it alone.
If you absolutely cannot stand it and must confront them about this, you will have to tell them the truth about your own behavior. One natural consequence of your admission would be for them to stop trusting you.
If you are ready to make this sacrifice, you should only urge them not to expose their child to their marijuana growing and weed use. Obviously, if you found this in the basement, so could she, and this would put their daughter in an even worse position than you are in, because involving them in this sort of secret could be ruinous for their relationship, and disastrous down the line.
State laws regarding marijuana cultivation seem to be quite convoluted. If they don't have a license to grow and is caught (by someone other than you) the consequences could be extreme in proportion to their crime.
Dear Amy: My daughter, 9, is in Girl Scouts. They love it. I offer a lot of my time helping out the troop. Today, they went to an ice show in which the troop paid for the tickets, so this was not an out-of-pocket expense for us.
The parents were asked to either provide a snack for their daughters, or send money for the girls to buy a snack. We opted to send a snack instead of sending money, as we struggle financially.
Once they got there, they realized that you can't bring snacks in to the facility (understandable), so one of the troop leaders purchased popcorn buckets for each girl.
All the other girls brought money and were able to purchase their own drinks to go with the popcorn.
My daughter did not have any money with her, so their troop leader bought them a drink with a souvenir cup. My daughter thinks it cost around $15. I emailed the troop leaders and asked how much the souvenir/drink was and offered to reimburse them for it.
I felt like this was the right thing to do. However, my husband disagrees. They feel as though I shouldn't have offered, since we basically followed their initial instructions.
I know this is a small problem but every time someone purchases something on my kids' behalf without us asking, I feel obligated to at least offer to reimburse them when I have the funds. I know they can answer, "No -- don't worry about it." Am I wrong for offering to reimburse the troop leader? Or is my husband right?
-- Confused Girl Scout Mom
Dear Confused: You did the right thing. These troop leaders volunteer their time to help supervise the girls, and in addition to spending their time, they willingly spend money on all sorts of little (and large) things along the way. It was kind of this troop leader to purchase this treat for your daughter. You can assume that they did so very happily and does not expect to be reimbursed, since this was an unanticipated expense.
Of course you should acknowledge this and (if you're able) offer to reimburse them You can expect them to turn down your offer, but your gesture is a nice way of acknowledging their kindness without making specific assumptions. They were being nice, and now you will be nice in return. That is the social contract your husband doesn't seem to understand.
Dear Amy: The man signing their letter "No Prior Precedent" described their wife's adult biological daughter, who they had surrendered for adoption at birth, entering their lives as an adult and wanting their biological mother to readopt them
It is quite obvious that this person wants money. Once they are legally their child, they stand to inherit their money.
-- Seeing the Obvious
Dear Obvious: State laws differ, but generally children do not have an automatic right to inherit. And the prospect of inheritance does not always motivate people seeking a relationship with their parents.
Three police officers have come forward to reveal how cases against Telford rape gang members were allegedly dropped because pursuing court orders was considered “too much trouble”.
One officer was said they were “horrified” by the decision and another claimed the scale of the abuse was “huge”, after a probe by journalists suggested there could be as many as 1,000 victims in the small town.
The least one of the police whistleblowers was prompted to come forward after the BBC promoted the views of Superintendent Tom Harding, of West Mercia Police, who argued the numbers had been “sensationalised” by the media.
Furthermore, a mother of one of the victimised young girls who died in circumstances linked to the scandal claims nothing was done after they handed police a three-page list of potential suspects.
The fresh revelations, reported by the Sunday Mirror, come as West Mercia Police confirmed a number of victims have come forward in the wake of recent media coverage.
UK'S Worst Grooming Gang Scandal: Telford Whistleblowers Punished, Silenced, Lost Jobs https://t.co/wo8SZ4vKrc — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) March 13, 2018
Authorities have already been accused of failing to act, including ignoring girls found in cars with older men, girls giving birth at 14, and children being given the morning after pill several times a week. There were also claims of a “cover-up” after a police chaplain was suspended for whistleblowing and a police-funded charity forced a worker out of their job after they tried to speak up.
Now, another police whistleblower said the estimate of 1,000 victims could be accurate. “I don't think it's beyond the realms of possibility at all,” they said. “I wouldn't be surprised. It was the tip of the iceberg.”
Another added: “Two senior officers had a conversation about going for Sexual Risk Orders. It would have meant they would be monitored by the police. It can be effective with a low reoffending rate.
“The question was, should we apply for 20 or 25 of these orders? The view from the senior officer was it was too much trouble. A lot of us were horrified when they didn't want to do that.
“It would have been a lot of work but what price do we put on protecting these kids?”
They also expressed frustration that so few of the attackers, predominantly of the town's Pakistani Muslim community, were put behind bars.
The officer said: “At one point we had 70 cases and one victim had close to 100 offenders. Many officers were frustrated because the CPS was treating the cases as separate when we knew they were linked.”
However, West Mercia's Assistant Chief Constable Martin Evans denied that workload was the reason cases had been dropped: “These civil orders were seriously considered and the decision not to pursue them was for a number of reasons.
“These included the fact that there would have been a requirement for victims to give evidence in court, furthering their ordeal.
“Other measures were put in place to make sure those considered a potential threat were closely monitored and reviewed and this continues to be the case.”
One of the abused girls hit back, telling the Mirror: “I was never told about these orders or asked if I would give evidence in court against my abusers. If I had been asked, I would have done.”
Our latest statement from Assistant Chief Constable Martin Evans, relating to child sexual exploitation in #Telford. https://t.co/kcSPYFQCqb — West Mercia Police (@WMerciaPolice) March 16, 2018
Responding to events of the past week, Mr. Evans added in a statement: “Following the recent media coverage in relation to child sexual exploitation (CSE) in Telford, a small number of victims have contacted West Mercia Police.
“We are pleased they have had the confidence to come forward and we are ensuring that their reports are thoroughly investigated and the appropriate support is in place.
“In Telford alone, the dedicated Child Sexual Exploitation Team have, since 2016, arrested 56 people, resulting in 29 charges, with a number of investigations ongoing.”
The US ambassador to Germany reportedly told German car executives on Wednesday that Washington would agree to solve an auto trade dispute with Brussels if both the European Union and the United States abolished their tariffs on each other's cars.
German business daily Handelsblatt reported that the chief executives of Daimler, Dieter Zetsche; BMW, Harald Krüger; and Volkswagen, Herbert Diess "liked" the offer described by US Ambassador Richard Grenell during the secret meeting at the US embassy, citing anonymous sources who were present.
Read more: Are German cars American enough?
US President Donald Trump has complained about they describe as a "big imbalance" in US-EU auto trade and threatened to impose a 20-percent tariff on all EU-assembled cars in June.
Watch video 02:12 Now live 02:12 mins. Share German carmakers fear US import tariffs Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2tkAq German carmakers fear US import tariffs
The EU, which administers trade policy for Germany and the rest of the bloc, currently levies a 10 percent duty on car imports from the US. The US has a 2.5 percent tariff on EU car and a 25 percent tariff on EU truck imports.
The US president triggered a Commerce Department investigation into auto imports in late May. The probe could allow the US to start taxing EU car and auto part imports if the department determines that they harm US national security.
Read more: German carmakers denounce Trump's new imports threat
Trump has already angered Germany and the rest of the EU by slapping tariffs on the bloc's steel and aluminum. The EU retaliated to the move with tariffs on a range of US goods, including whiskey and motorcycles.
Analysts fear the dispute over those tariffs and US threats to place duties on EU car imports could escalate into a full-blown trade war between Washington and Brussels.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the live stream of the session by Rossiya 24 broadcaster, there have been 1.1 calls so far.
Most questions are reportedly about inflation, local governance and the standard of life.
The Russian leader is holding the 15th annual Q&A call-in session. Last year, there were over 2.3 million questions.
NASSAU, The Bahamas – The Government of The Bahamas has begun to address the infrastructural deficit that is faced in certain areas of the country with regards to education, Prime Minister, Dr. the Hon. Hubert A. Minnis said Thursday (February 1).
The process is expected to get underway in the southwest area of New Providence with the finalization of a commitment to construct a new primary school.
“The Government is actively positioning itself for an aggressive construction and upgrade programme for the public school system, which will better enable learning,” Prime Minister Minnis added.
Delivering the keynote address at the Bahamas Chamber of Commerce and Employers' Confederation's Power Breakfast at Baha Mar, Prime Minister Minnis also announced that the new leadership team at the Ministry of Education is addressing the national skills deficit and the critical need to improve sub-standard literacy, numeracy and communication levels.
“The Government recognizes that the education and training of Bahamians are key factors in the progressive and sustainable economic development of The Bahamas,” Prime Minister Minnis said.
“Recognizing that staff skills and competencies have a direct correlation with educational results, the Ministry of Education has embarked on the mandatory training and professional development exercise of its entire staff complement.
“The Ministry has also refocused on a specific goal to increase the graduation rate,” Prime Minister Minnis added.
The Prime Minister said officials have been working to enhance education via technology and experienced-based learning. As a part of that programme, the government has launched the eLearning Pilot Programme in eleven schools throughout the archipelago.
“The goal of this initiative is to modernize the way Bahamian youth are educated, using tablets for interactive learning and using software that allows parents and teachers to better monitor a child's performance.”
Prime Minister Minnis said similarly, the National Training Agency (NTA) is committed to building its capacity and has a number of objectives in mind. These include identifying, developing and promoting industry standards for occupation and training programmes and developing assessment instruments that meet national, regional and international standards.
The objectives also include clearly establishing the NTA as the agency for certification and accreditation of certain skills-based training programmes; preparing and implementing additional plans for workforce vocational training in accordance with national policies, economic need and industry demands, and designing and developing a tracking and monitoring system to measure the results of the agency's activities.
“I ask for your assistance in working with the National Training Agency to help reduce the skills and training deficit in the country,” Prime Minister Minnis added.
× Starbucks bans customer who asked 16-year-old barista a question
SPOKANE, Wash. — A 37-year-old man says they were banned from a Starbucks in Washington state after asking a 16-year-old barista out to dinner, KREM reports.
The man, who was not identified by KREM since they have not been charged with a crime, said they were at Starbucks in Spokane last week and wrote a note asking out a barista.
“I was flirted with by a barista. For some reason they thought I was funny. Said I was funny. So I gave them a note to see if she'd be interested in dinner,” the man wrote in a Facebook post.
They said that when they went back the next day, a police officer told them they were banned from the Starbucks.
Spokane police said businesses are allowed to refuse service to people for as long as they see fit. But the man says he's facing discrimination due to their age.
“I know the female Starbucks barista was of legal age to date,” the man said. “I broke no laws. I merely took a chance with my heart. I'm tired of hearing the word ‘creep' as any black person or gay person is tired of hearing certain words. I have a whole webpage dedicated to age gap love.”
They asked their friends on Facebook to call Starbucks and complain — but the request was met with opposition.
Many people took to the Spokane Starbucks' Facebook page to praise the store for barring the man from the location.
“I have never been so proud to be a Starbucks customer!” one user wrote. “As a teen I had to deal with similar issues working in a restaurant as a hostess. It is an uncomfortable position no girl want to be put in. Thank you so much for supporting your employees.”
A Starbucks spokesperson said, “We have no tolerance for any such inappropriate behavior or harassment, and we will continue to support our store partners and local authorities investigating the situation.”
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A plan in its infancy is starting to get some traction in Harrison County to extend Beatline Road all the way south over the railroad tracks in Long Beach to Highway 90.
April 28 Asb Bancorp Inc
* Asb bancorp, inc. Reports financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.50
* Q1 earnings per share $0.49 excluding items
* Asb bancorp - net interest income increased 4.7% to $6.1 million for three months ended March 31, 2017 from $5.8 million for three months ended March 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
April 13 JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, reported a 16.8 percent rise in quarterly profit on Thursday as the bank made more loans and racked up additional revenue from increased trading.
The bank's net income rose to $6.45 billion in the first quarter ended March 31 from $5.52 billion a year earlier.
Earnings per share rose to $1.65 from $1.35. [bit.ly/2nHTfHJ ]
Analysts had expected earnings of $1.52 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. It was not immediately clear if the reported results were comparable.
Trading increased across Wall Street over the past year as investors changed their positions around the Brexit vote, the U.S. elections and the Federal Reserve's hikes in interest rates.
Customers also borrowed more as the economy expanded, though the pace of loan growth has slackened somewhat recently.
Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc are also scheduled to report results on Thursday. (Reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and David Henry in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
One Green Country man's adventure they took a Lake Tenkiller decades ago came rushing back after a dive team uncovered part of their past at the bottom of the lake.
Scroll for more content...
Thomas Youell is an avid diver. They spent years learning the art of diving at Gene's Aqua Pro. It's at this shop where Youell found themselves taking a trip down memory lane after a wallet they lost 30 years ago made its way back into theirs hands.
"Oh it's déjà vu, it's just terrific," Youell said. "I don't remember anything about the date specifically. Just the affect it had on me."
A dive three decades ago landed Youell back in Gene's Aqua Pro, where members are family.
"You meet such nice people who are exciting and adventurous and friendly," Youell said.
A recent dive lead by an Aqua Pro instructor dug up a piece history Thomas thought he'd lost forever.
"It was a time capsule at this point," Youell said.
Their wallet was lost on a dive in the '80s and recovered nearly 30 years later. The contents inside were all still intact.
"I found a driver's license, Pepsi Cola I.D. card a pop and go movie rental card, and some group insurance cards," they said.
All the credit goes to Courtney Neuhoefer, who found the wallet during a dive in Tenkiller. They said they were shocked to find the contents inside, but even more so to find the owner, a fellow diver.
Neuhoefer said they were on their last dive of the day and was retrieving the anchor to the boat. When they went to grab it, they said the wallet was sitting next to it.
They said they brought the wallet to the surface and began looking through the contents. After finding Youell's I.D., they said they found them on Facebook and noticed they had pictures diving at lake Tenkiller in the exact spot they found the wallet.
"Divers are good at that," Youell said. "We tend to mingle together fairly well."
But the discovery is not about the wallet's contents, but more so about Youell.
"I'm not surprised that it was returned at all," Youell said. "I've returned everything I have ever found and I've had things returned to me."
They hope this is a lesson to everyone that good things happen to good people.
"It's a kind of story that really benefits people to hear," they said. "That we still do this."
And with a little patience, an unexpected moment will come, to remind you the past is a treasure.
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Dr. Donnie is back in studio with some great ideas for your sweetheart this Valentine's Day.
NEW YORK U.S. mortgage application activity hit a five-week low even as home borrowing costs were little changed from the prior week, Mortgage Bankers Association data released on Wednesday showed.
The Washington-based industry group said its measure on mortgage applications declined for a third consecutive week. It fell 1.6 percent to 397.1 in the week ended March 31.
The average interest rate on 30-year, fixed-rate conforming mortgages, the most widely held type of U.S. home loan, was 4.34 percent, little changed from 4.33 percent from the prior week.
Conforming loans are those with balances of $424,100 or less and that qualify for guarantees from federal mortgage agencies Fannie Mae (FNMA.PK) and Freddie Mac (FMCC.PK).
Rates on conforming 30-year loans were steady despite another weekly decline in benchmark U.S. Treasury yields US10YT=RR due to doubts on possible tax cuts and infrastructure spending and hints from Federal Reserve officials that the U.S. central bank is sticking to its gradual pace on rate increases.
Mortgage rates on some fixed-rate home loans that the MBA tracks were mixed last week.
The group's seasonally adjusted gauge of applications to refinance an existing home loan fell 4.2 percent to 1,271.9, the lowest level in six weeks.
The share of refinancing applications shrank to 42.6 percent form 44.0 percent the preceding week, MBA said.
The MBA's seasonally adjusted gauge of purchase application activity, a proxy for future home sales, edged up 0.7 percent to 239.8.
The share of applications for adjustable-rate mortgages was unchanged from the previous week at 8.5 percent.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Meredith Mazzilli)
A warrant is out for a woman accused of abandoning several dogs for days, leaving them outside in cages in the sweltering heat without food or water.
Scroll for more content...
Nicole Daniels, 35, is facing multiple charges.
Police say four dogs were found at Daniels' home on Coraopolis Road. One was found in a small crate on a side porch, and three dogs, including two pit bull puppies, were found chained to a fence on a concrete pad in the back of the house.
According to police, feces were found in the crate and all over the concrete pad in the back of the house. The sun was directly above the pad and there was no shade for the dogs.
Neighbors who didn't want to be identified said they kept hearing the dogs bark and hadn't seen Daniels since last Wednesday. On Friday, they started giving the dogs water until they were taken from the home on Sunday.
"It's 90 degrees. We see reports all the time that you can't have your pets out too late. At some points, they were crying. At some points, they were whining. Usually, they were up through the night. It was difficult to listen to and to watch as a neighbor, watching this go down," one neighbor said.
The neighbors say the Humane Society told them if they hadn't given the dogs water, the dogs would have likely died.
Police say they also received multiple complaints about these dogs.
Daniels is facing seven counts of animal neglect and one count of cruelty to animals.
The dogs were taken to the Humane Society to be cared for.
Not satisfied with dropping off parcels inside your home, Amazon can now deliver packages to the trunk of your car.
The news: According to Bloomberg, the e-commerce giant has partnered with General Motors and Volvo to create an app that allows car owners to give keyless access to their trunks for delivery. The service is available to Amazon Prime members in 37 US cities.
Details: The app is part of Amazon Key, a service launched last year that lets delivery agents leave packages inside a house when no one is there. Customers buy a smart lock along with a cloud-based security camera and can then approve and monitor deliveries remotely.
Not so fast: In-home and in-car deliveries might remove the risk of parcels being stolen from people's porches, but Amazon Key wasn't hacker-proof when it launched. Researchers from Rhino Security Labs showed late last year that someone could knock the security camera offline. While down, the system just showed a freeze frame of your house, leaving you no way of knowing whether someone was rummaging around inside. Researchers (and hackers) will certainly be poking at the defenses of this new app, too.
Camille and VJ are expecting a girl
MANILA, Philippines – Camille Prats and husband VJ Yambao announced that they are expecting a girl. The couple revealed their baby's gender during a gender reveal party held at the family's resort in Batangas.
In the video, Camille and VJ's family were asked whether they were team boy or team girl. Camille's older brother John as well as Nathan, their son with late husband Anthony Linsangan was for team boy.
Isabel Oli, their sister-in-law meanwhile said that they were having a girl.
VJ was then shown cutting the cake, which revealed the color pink, indicating they were expecting a daughter.
Here are photos from the party.
Boy or Girl? #SneakyBebesGenderReveal soon by @iamjohnprats A post shared by Camille Prats Yambao (@camilleprats) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:43pm PDT
#SneakyBebesGenderReveal boy or girl? video will be up this afternoon! A post shared by Camille Prats Yambao (@camilleprats) on Apr 16, 2017 at 9:01pm PDT
Camille and VJ got married on January 7 in Batangas. They announced in February they were expecting their first child. (READ: Camile Prats, VJ Yambao expecting first child together)
Camille was previously married to Anthony Linsangan, who died in 2011 due to cancer. Camille and Anthony had one son together, Nathan. – Rappler.com
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Being called to an area after a trespassing complaint, four Honolulu Police Department officers are accused of having forced a person to lick a urinal in a public restroom.
The four officers, who have between three and 16 years of service, have reportedly been stripped of their badges and guns, and are facing federal investigation.
"If true, these allegations violate the core values of the HPD," said Honolulu Police Chief Susan Ballard. "Our officers are sworn to uphold the rights of all persons. Personally, I am appalled at the behavior."
Ballard added that they contacted the FBI once the department learned about the incident, as the case involves abuse of power by multiple police officers.
Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell made a statement on February 2, announcing Ballard's decision to suspend the officers' service and contact the Bureau.
"Although these officers are presumed innocent, we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses. Chief Ballard has promised to transform the Honolulu Police Department from a warrior mentality to a guardian mentality, and this is an approach to community policing that I wholeheartedly support.”
Mayor Kirk Caldwell issued the following statement in regards to alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers: pic.twitter.com/yavCYtQYEz — Mayor Kirk Caldwell (@MayorKirkHNL) 3 февраля 2018 г.
“Police Chief Susan Ballard has done the absolutely right thing by referring the alleged misconduct by four Honolulu police officers to the Federal Bureau of Investigation for further review. Although these officers are presumed innocent, we need an independent agency to investigate exactly what occurred and whether these officers engaged in civil rights abuses," Caldwell added.
Honolulu Police Commissioner Loretta Sheehan said that the police commission will look further into the incident to decide next week if their own investigation is necessary.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press Tuesday that 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Adams says they believe the young man was apprehended by mistake.
Adams says agents were at the Seattle home to arrest the man's father and that they took both men into custody. Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. He's being held in Tacoma.
Adams says the man is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
EXCLUSIVE
AUSTRALIANS' living standards are declining for the first time in a generation.
New Australian National University research for News Corp Australia reveals cost increases have outstripped income gains by 1.4 per cent in the past year and 3.8 per cent since 2013 — a trend not seen since the 1980s.
The slide in living standards is mainly due to the weakest wage growth on record.
In the run up to the global financial crisis, pay rises were typically double the size they are now, said ANU associate professor Ben Phillips, arguably Australia's foremost expert on movements in living costs.
“What's changed, in terms of living standards, is wages are no longer growing at 3 or 4 per cent, they are growing at 1 or 2 per cent,” said Mr Phillips, who did the research.
“It's just nothing like it used to be.”
The findings are part of #Lifehacks, a project by the News Corp Australia mastheads giving readers everything they need to know about the financial matters that impact us all — right down to scripts for securing better deals, dream jobs and more.
Rolling out day by day across this week, the topics are mortgages, energy, insurance, cars, credit cards, super and salary. You can find it all here.
Health-related bills have become the number-one source of budget pressure for most households across the country, the ANU analysis shows.
LIFEHACK: How to get a better mortgage rate
Camera Icon Health-related costs are putting pressure in households across the country. Picture: istock, iStock
Medical and hospital expenses — including health cover — have recorded the biggest dollar increase since 2007. The most dramatic spike has been in NSW where they have more than doubled to over $4000.
Another hit looms from April 1 when the latest annual insurance hike kicks in. It will add $120 to a $3000 policy. About half of all households have health cover.
The impact of the long-term rise in health bills is made more severe by steep increases in the cost of:
- home and car protection, up substantially across the country; and
- electricity bills, which have also increased markedly.
South Australians have felt the biggest power price jolt, up about $1200 to $2300 over the past ten years. More than $450 of the rise there has come in the past 12 months.
The single-biggest cost jump nationally in 2017 was fuel, up an average by more than $200 per household as the oil cartel OPEC and nations such as Russia colluded to cut supply.
ANU's Mr Phillips said the finding that medical and hospital expenses were hitting harder than energy costs would likely come as a surprise to many.
“That's because these expenses aren't as transparent as quarterly electricity bills,” Mr Phillips said.
LIFEHACK: Airbnb to pay off your home loan
Camera Icon Housing costs are also a massive burden for many Australians. Picture: AAP
“For your average everyday person, the biggest cost increase is medical and hospital expenses. It just doesn't receive as much attention as power and petrol prices”, they said.
From a national perspective, in dollar terms, one expense paid by a minority of the population has inflicted an even bigger whack than health, insurance and electricity bills — rent. About a third of people rent.
The burden of mortgage repayments has been restrained by falling interest rates.
Reserve Bank of Australia data shows the typical variable home loan rate is more than three percentage points lower now than it was in 2007.
That said, many people will have bigger loans than they did a decade ago. And those trying to save a deposit are under severe budgeting stress because house prices have risen rapidly.
In percentage terms, the costs that have gone up fastest are childcare and computer-related expenses.
Before the decline in Australians' living standards began, there had been a 69 per cent improvement since 1988.
There was plenty of bad news for the Rams on Sunday. They lost to the Eagles, Kayvon Webster suffered a ruptured Achilles and Trumaine Johnson is in the concussion protocol. As bad as all that is, however, there was a bit of a silver lining.
It came from none other than the Seattle Seahawks, L.A.'s division rival.
The Seahawks had a golden opportunity to take back the lead in the NFC West by beating the Jaguars and having the Rams lose to the Eagles. The latter half of that happened, but Seattle didn't hold up its end of the deal.
The Seahawks lost to Jacksonville 30-24, dropping them back to 8-5 on the year. As a result, they're still one game behind the Rams in the division, while owning the head-to-head tiebreaker.
The Rams are fortunate to still be one game up in the division after Sunday's loss. They're lucky in that regard, but it won't matter much because next week's meeting will essentially decide the division.
A win by the Rams will put them two games up with two weeks remaining, and barring a crazy tie-breaking scenario, they'd be almost sure to win the division. A loss, however, and they'd be tied with the Seahawks, who would own the tiebreaker over L.A. after beating the Rams twice.
There's no such thing as a one-game season, but so much of the NFC West comes down to next week's meeting in Seattle. A win would almost certainly lock up a playoff berth for the Rams. A loss would hurt their postseason chances.
Ambassadors of the English fan movement to Russia, which is hosting the football World Cup, have been making headlines in recent weeks. From chanting songs about Auschwitz to vandalizing a cherished statue - England fans are paving their road to glory at Russia 2018.
Revolution In Reverse
A video has emerged on Twitter, which shows a group of football fans deriding a senior who they thought looked like Lenin. «It's England, Mr. Lenin!» they were chanting as they lifted the man from the bench and threw them in a trash. One of the fans was wearing the English team's T-shirt.
British fans see Lenin
Can't resist pic.twitter.com/zXHgodlvpR — English Russia (@EnglishRussia1) 2 июля 2018 г.
The video, which may seem disturbing to some people, was likely shot in the Russian capital. Moscow's Spartak Stadium was the site of England's clash with Colombia in the round of 16 on Tuesday, which saw the Three Lions beat the Latin American squad in the penalty shootout.
Defacing Legend's Statue
Earlier on Tuesday, an English football fan was detained by police after scrawling "England" across the statue outside Spartak Stadium dedicated to Fyodor Cherenkov, one of the finest players in Spartak Moscow's history.
Later on, a video was published online, allegedly showing the detained fan who is seen wearing a shirt with the Three Lions badge on it and a Cross of St. George flag wrapped around their head. "I'm so sorry, I feel embarrassed," they said. "I respect the history, and had I known this would offend people I would never have done it, and I wholly apologize."
Party Like an English
The act of vandalism came around two weeks after the internet was hit by a video showing English fans in a Volgograd bar, performing Nazi salutes and singing an anti-Semitic song with references to Hitler and Auschwitz. One of them was banned from attending football matches abroad for five years by a court in Leicester.
READ MORE: England Fans Banned From World Cup For Anti-Semitic Songs and Nazi Salutes
Almost Made It
The Nazi-style bar party was a follow-up to an incident in which two British fans were taken off a train travelling to Volgograd. One of the men was detained after they had an argument with a police officer, and the other one cut their hand and was taken to hospital after they punched a window. Both were charged with minor hooliganism and public drunkenness.
© Sputnik / Alexander Kryazhev Two British Men Removed From Train Traveling to Russia's Volgograd For World Cup
Ahead of the World Cup, the UK Foreign Affairs Committee warned that "racist and/or homophobic intimidation, violence from hooligans and anti-British hostility" may put fans' safety at risk. The statement came after the UK-Russia relations reached an unprecedented low following the Skripal poisoning and tit-for-tat expulsion of diplomats.
By Jan Harvey
LONDON (Reuters) - Gold edged higher on Monday as the dollar retreated on the back of lacklustre U.S. wages data, but moves were muted ahead of an expected interest rate hike from the U.S. Federal Reserve this week.
Spot gold was up 0.25 percent at $1,250.93 an ounce at 1040 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for February delivery were up $4.40 an ounce at $1,252.80. Spot prices fell 2.5 percent last week, their biggest weekly drop since May.
The Fed is widely tipped to lift rates at its two-day policy meeting ending Wednesday, but its accompanying statement will be closely watched for any surprises.
The bank is expected to increase rates another two or three times in 2018, but still-sluggish inflation and wage growth has raised question marks over that view. "The FOMC's policy statement, Fed Chair Yellen's final press conference in charge, and the update to the summary of economic projections will be closely parsed for signs the Fed's longer term intentions," Mitsubishi analyst Jonathan Butler said. "Though we expect few major changes to Fed policy until new Fed Chair Powell takes office, dovish language or any caution on the future pace of interest rate hikes... would give some support to gold by weakening the dollar and lowering Treasury yields." Gold is highly sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates, as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, while boosting the dollar, in which it is priced. On the wider markets, world stocks rose and equity volatility neared a record low on Monday ahead of a raft of central bank rate decisions, while newly launched bitcoin futures shot above $18,000. Hedge funds and money managers sharply reduced their net long positions in COMEX gold and silver contracts in the week to Dec. 5, U.S. data showed on Friday. Net positions in silver fell by the largest amount on record, by 34,915 contracts, Société Générale said in a note. "The market is left with little speculative ammunition to pull prices lower on the short term," it said. "Fundamentals on the other hand remain a headwind on longer horizons. With silver prices highly correlated to gold's, the December rate hike, along with the three further 2018 hikes our economists expect, will weigh on investors' appetite." Silver was little changed at $15.83. Platinum was up 0.2 percent at $889.05 an ounce, after touching its lowest since February 2016 last week. Palladium was 0.3 percent higher at $1,009.70 an ounce. (Additional reporting by Apeksha Nair in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Alexandra Ulmer
QUITO, Ecuador, April 2 The Venezuelan Supreme Court may have amended part of its explosive decision to take over the opposition-led congress, but it still gives embattled leftist President Nicolas Maduro broad new powers over the OPEC nation's vast oil wealth.
The reversal on Saturday came after political leaders worldwide and street protestors at home accused the pro-government court of effectively making Maduro a dictator.
While the court backed off its Wednesday decision to fully take over the legislative branch, it left in place sweeping new authority for Maduro to cut oil deals on behalf of PDVSA, the state-run oil company, without congressional approval.
Maduro's cash-strapped government now has the autonomy to sell stakes in Venezuela's oil fields, which contain the world's largest reserves, or launch new joint ventures with foreign firms.
The court action sets the stage for a protracted legal and political fracas that could spook foreign investors and further undermine the nation's efforts to stabilize PDVSA, said opposition lawmakers and industry experts. The state-run firm is already reeling from lower oil prices, a cash-flow crisis and chronic operational problems that have crippled its ability to serve customers worldwide.
The fight centers on a constitutional requirement that the National Assembly approve PDVSA contracts of "national public interest" with outside companies. In addition to Maduro's legislative opponents, Venezuela's attorney general - a longtime government ally - has called the court decision to bypass the assembly unconstitutional.
The legislature - which has been controlled by members opposing Maduro's government since late last year - has warned investors that oil deals would be invalid without assembly approval.
Opposition lawmakers slammed state-run Russian oil major Rosneft, for instance, after it paid $500 million last year to increase its stake in the Petromonagas joint venture, to 40 percent from 16.7 percent, without legislative approval.
Rosneft - a major PDVSA partner at a time when relations between Caracas and Moscow have grown increasingly cozy - said the deal was legal. But the episode underscored the potential legal quagmire for investors.
Following the court's action on Saturday, opposition leaders vowed to continue challenging the validity of oil deals it has not approved.
"This is desperation for dollars," opposition lawmaker Elias Matta, the vice-president of the congressional energy and oil commission, told Reuters. "Let it be clear that any company created under this scheme will be null - totally null."
Venezuela's Information and Oil Ministries, along with PDVSA, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
NERVOUS INVESTORS
The imbroglio could hamper investments from wary multinational companies, especially those that are subject to stricter regulatory scrutiny at home.
On Thursday, National Assembly head Julio Borges tore up the Supreme Court order on the steps of the legislature, an image likely to unsettle corporate boardrooms. Other major oil players in Venezuela include U.S. major Chevron Corp and China's state-owned CNPC.
Investor uncertainty, in turn, could further undermine Venezuela's ravaged economy, which depends on PDVSA for more than 90 percent of export revenue as millions face food shortages and runaway inflation.
In theory, the court's decision would allow Maduro's government the power to do anything short of privatizing PDVSA without approval of the National Assembly, said Francisco Monaldi, a fellow in Latin America energy policy at the Baker Institute in Houston.
"But the legal ground could not be shakier if there is a change in government," they said. "As a result of all this international scandal, foreign investors will be less likely to invest."
$3 BILLION IN BOND PAYMENTS
Firebrand Hugo Chavez, president until they died in 2013, led a wave of oil nationalizations in Venezuela as part of their self-styled "21st century Socialism." The policies have left many oil fields less productive and lacking investment.
National oil output tumbled last year on the back of constant refinery outages, an outflow of talent, and shortages of basic equipment in oil fields and imported diluents needed for blending with Venezuela's heavy crude.
Amid mounting debts, Venezuela has sought to sell stakes in oil fields to bolster its dwindling coffers before a deadline to pay about $3 billion in bond obligations this month, sources say.
On Friday, Venezuelan bonds tanked on worries about the impact of the latest crisis on the country's credit-worthiness.
It is unclear if the initial Supreme Court decision - the one that sparked global outrage - was prompted by an imminent plan to sell an oil field stake or create a new oil venture.
Reuters reported in March that PDVSA was negotiating a business deal with Rosneft and had offered the state-led company a stake in the Petropiar joint venture.
The offer has not been confirmed, and it remains unclear if Rosneft, which has become an increasingly key source of financing for PDVSA, is interested.
PDVSA is also relying on Rosneft to help it meet its looming bond payments, Reuters reported on Friday. It is unclear if the deal will go through or what Rosneft might get in exchange.
Late last year, Venezuela used 49.9 percent of its shares in U.S. subsidiary Citgo as collateral for loan financing from Rosneft. The move enraged opposition politicians who argue a desperate government is mortgaging prized national assets.
PDVSA and the Oil Ministry have not responded to repeated requests for comment on potential deals with Rosneft. Rosneft has declined to comment. (Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Brian Thevenot)
Shakes, Widespread, Sturgill to headline Birmingham's Slossfest
Alabama Shakes, Sturgill Simpson and Widespread Panic will headline The 3rd Annual Sloss Music & Arts Festival at the Historic Sloss Furnaces in Birminghmam July 15-16. Other acts booked include Odesza, Run The Jewels, Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats, Phantogram, NEEDTOBREATHE, Spoon, Cherub, Judah & The Lion, Tycho
Conor Oberst, Vince Staples, Cashmere Cat, Charles Bradley & Their Extraordinaires, Francis and the Lights, K. Flay, Waka Flocka Flame, Kaiydo, Hiss Golden Messenger, Beach Slang, Harrison Brome, Wray
Mike Floss, John Moreland, The Heydaze, Lawrence, Ruston Kelly, Lillie Mae , Ages and Ages, Nerves Baddington, Seasick Records Stage, Riverbend, Holy Youth, C1UB : A.M., New Devils, Nowhere Squares, Vulture Whale, Byron The Aquarius and Shaheed & DJ Supreme.
on Saturday & Sunday, July 15th and 16th.
Alabama Shakes will return to Birmingham for the first time since 2013 when they sold out two nights on the Sloss Furnaces Shed Stage. Widespread Panic has a legacy in Birmingham that goes back 30 years, playing over 50 shows including 23 sold out nights at Oak Mountain Amphitheater. Sturgill Simpson returns to the Sloss Fest stage on the heals of their 2017 Album Of The Year Grammy nomination for A Sailor's Guide to Earth. Electronic duo Odesza has two best-selling albums to its credit.
A limited number of two-day general admission passes starting at $115 plus fees are now available at slossfest.com. Ticket prices will increase as allotments run out. “Iron” passes grant access to three air-conditioned tents on site. VIP tickets offer many exclusive amenities including air-conditioned VIP Lounges by each stage with special viewing areas, special entrance lanes and a limited edition 2017 poster.
Sloss Tech will return on Friday, July 14th at the Lyric Theatre to kick off Sloss Fest weekend and elevate and strengthen the profile of Birmingham's technology community. Organizers say this year's event will be event bigger than last year's which drew close to 600 people from all over the Southeast.
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
By Hideyuki Sano
TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday after a media report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by a special counsel for possible obstruction of justice.
Investors' appetite for riskier assets was also dampened by soft U.S. data and after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected and gave its first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion bond portfolio.
Weak inflation readings, in particular, cast doubt on the Fed's view that the economy is continuing to strengthen.
S&P mini futures dipped 0.2 percent in early Asian trade after the Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice.
Mueller is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Trump's legal team denounced the report.
The news came just after the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was shot by a gunman angry with Trump and other Republicans. Scalise was listed in critical condition.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.1 percent while Japan's Nikkei fell 0.4 percent.
Asian markets were also waiting to see if China's central bank would follow the Fed with another round of money market rate increases, as it did in March. But traders were divided over the possibility, with some analysts noting the yuan is in better than a few months ago while liquidity in China has already been tightening.
The U.S. dollar bounced back from seven-month low against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion portfolio of bonds.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the process could start "relatively soon", while projections of Federal Reserve Board members also showed they expect one more rate hike by the end of year.
Yet the Fed's decision was over-shadowed by surprisingly weak U.S. economic data released before the rate announcement.
Consumer prices unexpectedly fell on month in May and the annual increase in core CPI slipped to 1.7 percent, the smallest rise since May 2015, after advancing 1.9 percent in April.
Retail sales fell 0.3 percent last month -- the largest fall since January 2016 and way below economists' expectations for a 0.1 percent gain -- amid declining purchases of motor vehicles and discretionary spending.
The data had knocked the dollar and U.S. bond yields to its lowest level in seven months against a basket of currencies.
The dollar index <=USD> had fallen to as low as 96.323 on Wednesday, having shed nearly six percent on the year, before bouncing back a tad on the Fed's policy tightening.
The euro traded at $1.1210, after having hit a seven-month high of $1.1296.
The dollar fetched 109.35 yen , not far from Wednesday's eight-week low of 108.81 yen.
The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield had slipped to as low as 2.103 percent and last stood at 2.129 percent.
"You cannot help the impression that there is a gap between the Fed's bullish inflation forecast and the weakness in actual data," said Daisuke Uno, chief strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Bank.
"The Fed seems to think the weakness is temporary. But that view will be tested in coming months," they added.
Money market instruments such as Fed fund futures show market players see the likelihood of one more rate hike this year as less than 50 percent.
Crude oil prices were listless after having slumped nearly 4 percent to their lowest close in seven months on Wednesday, on an unexpected large build in gasoline inventories.
Brent crude futures slipped another 0.4 percent in early Asian trade to $46.83 per barrel, near a five-month low of $46.64 touched in early May.
Many other commodity prices are also under pressure. Thomson Reuters CRB index tumbled to 14-month lows, having fallen almost 12 percent from this year's high hit in January.
(Editing by Kim Coghill)
© AFP 2017/ ANDREY GOLOVANOV Belarus May Get More Russian Oil in 2021 Under Energy Row Settlement Deal
–
MINSK (Sputnik)Belarus is interested in placing bonds in the Chinese market, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko said at a meeting with Chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee Zhang Dejiang.
"We are interested in placing Belarusian bonds in your financial market," Lukashenko said Tuesday.
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
Kandy: India skipper Virat Kohli on Monday picked rising all-rounder Hardik Pandya's performance as the biggest positive after the visitors comprehensively beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs to complete their maiden 3-0 clean sweep of the islanders.
Pandya starred with the bat, firing their maiden Test ton (108 off 96 balls) to help India post 487 in their first innings at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium here. They also bagged the wicket of dangerman Angelo Matthews in the hosts' first innings
Besides the Pallekele ton and a 50 in the first match at Galle, Pandya picked up four wickets in their debut Test series.
Hailing the young all-rounder, Kohli said Pandya's performance will do a world of good in achieving the perfect balance in the side in the upcoming Test tours.
"Good wins for us. Very happy with the overall performance. Always feels nice to have convincing wins, pretty good day for us," they said during the post-match presentation.
"The regulars have performed, but the biggest positive would be Hardik's inclusion and the way they shaped up in these three Test matches. The kind of confidence they showed with the ball and the maturity with the bat, it really gives us a lot of boosts and the balance," they added.
Reiterating the team's strategy to play ruthless cricket, Kohli said the current crop have a lot of cricket to play together in the coming years and they would want their side to "be proactive rather than being reactive".
"The usual suspects are always there and thereabouts. We are a young side, we look forward to playing Test cricket, we look forward to playing every single Test match with the same kind of excitement and that is the only way you can be ruthless," they said.
"We like to be prepared beforehand and be proactive rather than being reactive. We have age on our side and we have an opportunity to play together for five, six years for the country," the 28-year-old added.
The Delhi batsman also praised the opponents as "super talented" cricketers, who lost the momentum during the series but can bounce back well if they believe in themselves.
Talking about the Sri Lankan team, they said: "All of them are super talented players... that is why they are playing for the country. They beat Australia 3-0. Sometimes the side has momentum, sometimes they don't. It's all about keeping the belief going and not losing motivation because of a few results...."
Crediting India for the comprehensive win, Sri Lanka skipper Dinesh Chandimal said: "You can't control the toss, but this was a tough series. Credit to India for playing outstanding cricket throughout the series."
"Our batting and bowling was below par. They scored 600 in each inning, so that is why we decided to play five bowlers. We have to be patient and concentrate harder (when batting or bowling)," they added.
Man-of-the-series Shikhar Dhawan, who wasn't a first choice opener and only came in as a replacement for the injured Murali Vijay, finished as the highest run-getter (358), which included two centuries.
"Before this series I was in Hong Kong enjoying a holiday. But I got an opportunity because one of the openers was injured. I am enjoying my batting right now. I have to keep performing because we have tough competition for all the slots, so that is a great sign for Indian cricket," they said.
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Jhong Hilario na-bad trip sa airline company: Nakakahiya naman! By Alex Brosas Bandera
GALIT na galit si Jhong Hilario sa isang airline company dahil sa kanyang luggage na hindi niya kaagad nakita. “@CebuPacificAir ganyan ba talaga kayo kagulo? Yung mga luggages kung saan saan napupunta. Yung mga luggages ng foreigners nawawala. Nakakahiya! “Anong oras na gusto na namin makauwi! Kung hindi kopa nakita yung isang luggage ko sa kabilang conveyor malamang nawala na!” Yan ang magkasunod na tweet ng dancer-actor. “Hi Jhong! We're sorry to hear this. The unexpected build up at the luggage area was caused by the simulataneous arrival of flights and huge number of travelers. Rest assured that we are on top of this and our airport personnel are doing their best in order to sort the baggages immediately. Thank you for bearing with us,” sagot naman ng taga-Cebu Pacific airline sa kanya.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
“I consider this type of thing very serious and very nasty. But for the work of Gardai they would not have been found. People who do this, do they deserve a licence? They get a little credit for the plea of guilty but not much because they were cornered,” said Judge Kilrane prior to imposing a conviction.
Gary Nicholson, Sheegora, Boyle, Co. Roscommon appeared before last week's siting of Carrick-on-Shannon District Court charged with failing to remain at the scene of an accident at Lough Key Viewing Bay, Boyle on January 23, 2017.
Insp Denis Harrington gave summary evidence saying at 9pm on the date in question the injured party was sitting in their vehicle at Lough Key Viewing Bay when another car entered the carpark, struck their car and then drove off.
Following enquiries, the defendant was located and made full admissions saying they panicked and drove off.
Defending solicitor Laura Spellman said the defendant had paid the sum of €1,000 to the injured party through the Gardai. They noted they work as a diagnostics technician adding, “I ask that they be left with their licence. I am asking for a chance on their behalf.”
Imposing a conviction and a €500 fine Judge Kilrane addressed the defendant saying, “You sped off because you thought you would get away with it.”
It's April 2018 and the country of "Berylia" is under a cyberattack; internet service providers and military air bases have been breached and the nation's security is deteriorating.
Electricity supplies, 4G networks and drone operations have been disrupted and internet systems are under intense pressure. But relax, Berylia is a virtual country and this is a virtual cyber onslaught organized by NATO and its partners.
Locked Shields 2018 is the biggest live-fire cyber defense exercise in the world, pitting thousands of cyber experts and hackers from 30 different countries against 30 NATO cyber defenders. It's also NATO's opportunity to test out its cyber defense techniques in as realistic an environment as possible, fighting what is calls "world class opponents."
Cyber defence exercise Locked Shields 2018 was started — Good Luck Poland https://t.co/YGE9aIHmFY #LockedShields2018 #CCDCOE — ledziow (@Wojtek_Led) April 24, 2018
The competition, which takes place over a week, has been organized by the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Centre of Excellence (CCDCOE) based in Estonia. Countries involved have the opportunity to thrash out their chain of command in the event of a cyberattack involving citizens and military systems.
READ MORE: Black Hats, White Hats & the Dark Web: A Quick Guide Through Cyberspace
To my friends who are visiting #Berylia this week: take me off your keep-in-touch list, thanks;) — Lewis Shepherd (@lewisshepherd) April 18, 2016
"I am confident the NCI Agency team is ready to demonstrate their finely tuned cyber-net defense skills." Dr. Gregory Edwards, the NCI Agency's director of infrastructure services said in a statement.
"Locked Shields is a seminal event in training our cyber experts because winning in the exercise environment demonstrates our team is prepared to successfully defend day-to-day against threats." Dr. Edwards went on to say.
"#LockedShields2018 is a seminal event in training our cyber experts because winning in the exercise environment demonstrates our team is prepared to successfully defend day-to-day against threats," said Dr Gregory Edwards, @NCIAgency. https://t.co/mCwnKJ9uKI pic.twitter.com/VrA7VNpoes — NCI Agency (@NCIAgency) April 20, 2018
NATO's aim for its "tech game" is to "maintain operations of various systems under intense pressure," the strategy involved "should serve as a forum to understand the impact of decisions made at the strategic and policy level."
READ MORE: Hackers More Motivated by Mass Tech Destruction, Report
Back in 2008, NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence (NATO CCDCOE) was launched in Tallinn, two years after Estonia gained NATO membership. The center is aimed to provide its member states and NATO members with cyber defense expertise in various areas of technology, strategy, operations and law.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Web Developer – Bloubergstrand
C#, .NET Developer – up to R50,000 CTC pm
My client an international consultancy based in Cape Town, is looking for an experienced C# Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
May 3 Laredo Petroleum Inc:
* Laredo Petroleum announces 2017 first-quarter financial and operating results
* Says qtrly produced 52,405 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of approximately 13% from Q1 of 2016
* Q1 earnings per share $0.28
* Q1 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $0.10
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.11 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says in Q2 of 2017, company expects to complete approximately 18 wells
* Sees Q2 production 55 MBOE/d - 58 MBOE/d
* Says at March 31,had hedges for remaining three quarters of 2017 for 5.2 million barrels of oil at a weighted-average floor price of $55.82 per barrel
* Says company is reiterating its previously stated anticipated full-year 2017 production growth guidance of at least 15%.
* Sees Q2 production 55 - 58 MBOE/d Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
The employees claim that Elba Cruz lacks the 'knowledge, temperament, and behavior' necessary to lead any government institution
Published 11:55 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Employees of the Development Academy of the Philippines (DAP) urged President Rodrigo Duterte to fire their president, Elba Cruz, over "questionable moves" and their alleged lack of "knowledge, temperament, and behavior" necessary to lead a government institution.
In a petition sent to media on Sunday, December 10, the DAP Personnel Association said Cruz should be replaced by someone "who fully understands the dynamics of governance and has the compassion for the welfare of employee-civil servants."
"In the course of them holding on as top executive of the DAP, Cruz has been making many questionable moves to the detriment of both the institution and its employees," said the group.
Cruz was first appointed by Duterte as a member of the DAP Board of Trustees back in March. They later replaced Antonio Kalaw Jr, who had held the position since 2006, as president.
But according to the employees' group, Cruz needs to be held accountable for the "transgressions" they have committed since being appointed.
These alleged "transgressions" include unauthorized organizational restructuring of the DAP, violations of Civil Service Commission (CSC) rules, continuous threats of mass termination against employees, and frequent foreign travels, among others.
"Cruz acts arbitrarily and whimsically, totally disregarding logic and reason at times and, more importantly, completely ignoring long-existing civil service rules in blatant violation of existing government rules and regulations," the group said.
"She has used the threat [of mass termination] to silence anyone who dares to question their policies and action," it added.
In a news conference on Monday, December 11, the group's president, Gerald Cruz, detailed some of their allegations against the DAP chief:
the designation of non-plantilla officers to official positions in violation of CSC Circular No. 2
monthly foreign trips in the 8 months since they assumed the post
alleged discussion of the management to remove contract-of-service workers
supposed decision to close the DAP canteen to give way to concessionaires
"All of these policies threaten the jobs and welfare of the DAP employees," said Gerald Cruz in Filipino.
According to him, they have repeatedly set up formal and informal dialogues with Cruz but they never conceded.
Rappler asked Cruz's office for comment on Monday but has yet to receive a response. Follow-up calls were unanswered.
Read the full petition below.
– Rappler.com
Speech to Text for Hymera man arrested, facing drug charges after police stop
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
county. [b4]sullivan co arrest-mug police arrested 41- year-old rocky caddell of hymera friday night. it happened around 10 o'clock -- on state road 48 in hymera. the sullivan county sheriff's office says they increased patrols in the area to monitor suspicious activity. that's when they came across caddell's vehicle during a stop. police say inside -- they found six grams of methamphetamine and meth paraphernalia. caddell was arrested and taken to the county jail. they face a series of drug charges -- including dealing and possession of methamphetamine. several people are also facing drug charges
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 15
<< "Shag club raising money to honor well known dj" - "Optimist club refurbishes used and donated computers for kids" >>
Speakers call for unity during interfaith breakfast
By Rochelle Moore
Published in News on February 15, 2017 9:55 AM
Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Bishop Anthony W. Slater of Tehillah Church Ministries speaks during the Annual Interfaith Breakfast on Tuesday morning at the Goldsboro Event Center. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Father Eric Imbao of Maria Rena del Las Americas Catholic Church gets served during the annual Interfaith Breakfast held Tuesday morning at the Goldsboro Event Center. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Bishop Anthony W. Slater of Tehillah Church Ministries speak during the Annual Interfaith Breakfast Tuesday morning at Goldsboro Event Center. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Reverend Bernard Kayimbw Mbay of Maria Reina del las Americas Catholic Church speaks about unity during the annual Interfaith Breakfast celebrating Human Relations Month Tuesday. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Pastor Daniel Weeks of Bethel Church of Goldsboro gets served during the annual Interfaith Breakfast held Tuesday morning at Goldsboro Event Center. Weeks was one of the three speakers at the event that celebrates Human Relations Month.
Building a better community through unity takes work and the ability to set aside differences for the greater good, speakers at the Annual Interfaith Breakfast said Tuesday.
"Religions and races are fundamental in what makes us distinct and unique," said the Rev. Bernard Mbay, with the Maria Reina de las Americas Catholic Church, in Mount Olive. "As human beings, we are made to be persons in community. Humans are meant to live in community and care about each other."
Mbay was one of three ministers speaking at this year's interfaith breakfast, which drew nearly 100 people to the Goldsboro Event Center.
During their opening remarks, Mayor Chuck Allen said there has been a more recent focus in Goldsboro on race relations, with an interest by city leaders to make the city more inclusive.
The speakers Tuesday said improvements in the local community start with everyone working together.
Mbray, who spoke with a French accent, said they have lived in four countries during the past 16 years, including the last six in the United States. The experience has helped them understand the differences of people from many different cultures and backgrounds, they said.
"The world in which we live today is so dangerous that we cannot afford to be divided," Mbray said. "No one is born with hatred in their DNA.
"When I take a look at the history of civilizations, I can say that a society where all races and religions can live together in harmony and love is a society that has reached a great deal of maturity and common sense. For we are meant to live in unity and diversity."
The three speakers at the interfaith breakfast focused on unity, during the city's celebration of Human Relations Month. The event was hosted by the Goldsboro Community Relations Department, in partnership with Wayne County and Seymour Johnson Air Force Base.
Bishop Anthony Slater, with Tehillah Church Ministries in Goldsboro, said the community struggles with division, whether it be between people of different races, religions or other points of view.
"The problem in this area is . . . division," Slater said. "There is something that's here designed to keep us apart.
"The city of Goldsboro can be the best city on the East Coast, if we decide to be the best because it's not going to be somebody else. No, we're going to have to help ourselves."
The area isn't only facing racial division but also socioeconomic differences. Residents living in poverty need help in finding employment, which can help alleviate other social problems, they said. Slater said people need to be willing to get involved.
"I'm watching people on the outside arguing about what's going on in the inside but are afraid to get their hands dirty," Slater said. "We have to begin to stand up and make something happen. We have to begin to be the agents of change in this society."
Daniel Weeks, ministry director at Bethel Church in Goldsboro, said it takes work to achieve unity, and it's not something that just happens.
"If we're going to get unity, it requires that every single one of us -- we -- become bridges," Weeks said. "A bridge's sole purpose in life is to work, to hold up people going from this side to the other. It's something that we're going to have to pursue each and every day.
"Unity is not just the job of our mayor or the city council or the commissioners. It's the job of every single one of us."
FRANKFURT, April 20 Lufthansa is suffering computer problems preventing it from boarding passengers, staff at Frankfurt airport said on Thursday.
A gate agent in Frankfurt announced the airline was having "a computer system breakdown worldwide," a Reuters reporter at the scene said.
Some North America carriers have in recent months had to ground flights as a result of computer glitches but such instances have been rare in Europe.
(Reporting by Tim Hepher; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
Scott Disick is no longer “hung up” on their ex Kourtney Kardashian.
After officially calling it quits in 2015, both Disick and Kardashian have moved on from their nine-year relationship. Disick is dating 19-year-old Sofia Richie while Kardashian is with Younes Bendjima.
And a source tells PEOPLE that the parents of three are finally in a “good place.”
“Scott and Kourtney are on better terms,” the source says. “He was hung up on Kourtney forever and really wanted to make that relationship work, but he's finally come to terms with the fact that she's moved on.”
Disick and Kardashian share sons Mason, 8, Reign, 3, and daughter Penelope, 5.
Scott Disick and Kourtney Kardashian Bryan Steffy/WireImage; Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic
Along with improving their relationship with their ex, the source says Disick has also slowed down their hard-partying ways.
“He's not partying like they were just a year ago and seems to be in a healthier place mentally and physically,” the source adds. “Everyone in the family is really happy with how he's doing lately.”
Disick was most recently seen celebrating their 35th birthday with Richie in St. Barts with their kids. The couple has been officially dating since last September after initially sparking romance rumors a year ago.
Scott Disick and Sofia Richie/Instagram
“Scott and Sofia have a super solid relationship and seem really happy together,” the source says.
In recent months, the relationship appears to have gotten increasingly serious, with Richie spending plenty of time with Disick and Kardashian's children.
A source previously told PEOPLE Kardashian “trusts” Richie with the kids.
“The kids are allowed to spend time with her,” the source said. “Sofia likes having them and helps Scott. So far, the kids are giving Kourtney good reports about Sofia.”
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "Police investigating weekend armed robberies" -
Man's paycheck stolen in robbery
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on December 11, 2017 2:04 PM
DUDLEY -- A 38-year-old man was thrown from their car and robbed of their paycheck as they sat in their car checking text messages Friday morning.
A report filed with the Wayne County Sheriff's Office said the man had just gotten home from work and was sitting in their car in their car port in the 100 block of Mitchell Road.
The victim told sheriff's deputies they were checking text messages when a black man whose face was covered pulled them out of their car and threw them to the ground.
Two other black men ran over to the victim, and all three suspects began rummaging through the man's pockets.
They took $20, the man's cell phone and their paycheck before running away toward Clover Ridge trailer park.
No weapons were used in the robbery and the victim was not hurt, according to the report.
× ACLU fires back at Gov. McAuliffe after comments on violence at Charlottesville rally
RICHMOND, Va. — The American Civil Liberties Union of Virginia is responding to Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe after they say they blamed the organization for the violence in Charlottesville Saturday.
The remarks in question came when the governor spoke on NPR's Morning Edition on Monday morning.
“The City of Charlottesville asked for that to be moved out of downtown Charlottesville to a park about a mile and a half away to a park with a lot of open fields. That was the place where it should have been,” McAuliffe said. “We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU. The judge ruled against us. That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown.”
ACLU of Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Gastanaga said in no way was their lawsuit cause the violence Saturday afternoon.
“We are horrified by the violence that took place in Charlottesville on Saturday and the tragic loss of life that resulted from it,” said Gastanaga.
“But let's be clear: our lawsuit challenging the city to act constitutionally did not cause violence nor did it in any way address the question whether demonstrators could carry sticks or other weapons at the events.”
Gastanaga said the role of the ACLU is to ensure that the system works the same for everyone.
“We asked the city to adhere to the U.S. Constitution and ensure people's safety at the protest. It failed to do so,” they wrote.
Gastanaga said that it is the responsibility of law enforcement to ensure safety of both protesters and counter-protesters. They went on to say that policing on Saturday was not effective in preventing violence.
“I was there and brought concerns directly to the secretary of public safety and the head of the Virginia State Police about the way that the barricades in the park limiting access by the arriving demonstrators and the lack of any physical separation of the protesters and counter-protesters on the street were contributing to the potential of violence,” said Gastanaga. “They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, seeming to be waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an ‘unlawful assembly' and clear the area.”
ACLU of Virginia said they hope that McAuliffe and other state and local officials will learn from last weekend's deadly event.
“It is my firm hope and desire that the governor and other state and local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville from ever happening again,” Gastanaga wrote.
The country famous for its numerous fairytales and sagas exhibits its natural treasures.
Iceland has amazing scenery, full of unbelievably gorgeous mountains and rivers. Enjoy a view of beautiful long rivers, and lakes so pure that people don't use water filters.
The video shows the hidden treasures of this astonishing country: the biggest glacier in Europe and the most powerful waterfall. This place as if depicted by ancient tales, full of magical creatures.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
By AMY TAXIN
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature unconstitutionally approved it during a special session.
State Attorney General Xavier Becerra asked an appeals court to block and reverse the decision by Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia.
The court denied the state's request to immediately block the ruling. But experts say Becerra has other legal options and could ask the state Supreme Court to weigh in to try to restore the law.
For now, there are many questions on the impact of the ruling. Here are some of them:
WHAT DID THE LAW ALLOW?
Adults could obtain a prescription for life-ending drugs if a doctor determined they had six months or less to live. To ensure they didn't have a change of heart, patients had to make two verbal requests at least 15 days apart and submit a written request.
California health officials reported 111 terminally ill people took drugs to end their lives in the first six months the law was in effect.
Compassion & Choices, a national organization that supports the law and wants it reinstated, estimated that 504 Californians requested prescriptions in the law's first year.
The next state report on the number of people who took the drugs is expected in July.
WHAT DID THE JUDGE DECIDE?
Ottolia's ruling, which was filed with the court last week, didn't address the legal issue of whether it was proper to allow people to end their own lives. Rather, they found that the law should not have been passed during a special session in 2015.
Those who supported the measure say state lawmakers were justified in taking up the issue because the session was devoted to health-related topics.
The appeals court that refused to block Ottolia's order has not yet considered the state's request to reverse the ruling. Ottolia on Wednesday rejected a request by Compassion & Choices to vacate their decision and scheduled a June 29 hearing on a similar request from the attorney general's office.
What does all this mean for now?
"We are in the world that we were before the law went into effect," said Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the law school at the University of California, Berkeley.
WHAT HAPPENS TO THOSE WHO PLANNED TO USE THE LAW?
Patients who have not obtained prescriptions for life-ending medications can't legally get them now, said Dr. Lonny Shavelson, whose practice was solely focused on those cases.
Shavelson said they still are meeting with patients and taking their initial requests for drugs but not issuing prescriptions. And they said they can't guarantee their requests will count toward the required waiting period should the law be restored.
Shavelson said patients who previously obtained prescriptions can take their medication if they choose to. But with the law not in effect, it's possible a medical examiner could declare the death a suicide, which could create challenges for family members claiming insurance payments.
"I am spending a lot of time calming down really freaked-out patients," they said.
COULD DOCTORS FACE PROSECUTION?
Shavelson said they and their colleagues met recently and determined they were no longer in business because of the judge's ruling. Similarly, Kaiser Permanente halted the health network's end-of-life program.
What would happen to a doctor who wrote a prescription? Experts said that's largely up to prosecutors and can vary by jurisdiction.
Matt Valliere, executive director of the Patients' Rights Action Fund that wants the law thrown out, said they believe doctors who write prescriptions can and should be prosecuted for assisting in a suicide, which is a felony under California law.
Kathryn Tucker, executive director of the End of Life Liberty Project, said they doubt prosecutors would go after doctors who continue to treat pre-existing patients. But they said they don't expect doctors to issue new prescriptions without greater legal certainty.
CAN LAWMAKERS PASS ANOTHER LAW?
It's possible for lawmakers to propose another measure, but it took years for the state's now-blocked law to be passed. A new proposal on such an emotional issue would not sail through the Legislature.
Tucker said legal wrangling in the courts will likely take less time than another legislative push.
"What's at stake is of a very time-sensitive nature," they said.
Becerra's office asked the appeals court to consider the case on a quicker timeframe than the average appeal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
São Paulo, April 6 Latin American currencies seesawed on Thursday ahead of the release of key U.S. jobs data, which could yield fresh hints over the pace of interest rate hikes in the country. New applications for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years last week, pointing to a further tightening in the labor market. But claims rose during the survey week for March nonfarm payrolls, set to be released on Friday, suggesting some moderation in the pace of job growth after two straight months of solid gains. The Fed has pointed to a trajectory of two rate increases by the end of the year, which could potentially dampen the allure of high-yielding emerging market assets. The Mexican peso strengthened 0.5 percent, while the Brazilian real weakened 0.1 percent. Sentiment was mixed in Brazilian markets after President Michel Temer authorized changes to a planned pension reform to ease lawmakers' resistance to the controversial bill. While the changes would likely increase the chance of approval, they could also mean less fiscal austerity, weakening Temer's efforts to balance Brazil's budget. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped 0.1 percent. Losses were limited by rising shares of college operators Kroton Educacional SA and Estácio Participações SA after antitrust regulator extended the deadline for a ruling on a tie-up between both companies. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1730 GMT: Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 964.36 -0.5 12.4 MSCI LatAm 2,650.55 -0.65 13.98 Brazil Bovespa 64,722.46 -0.08 7.46 Mexico IPC 48,873.55 -0.68 7.08 Chile IPSA 4,892.91 0.41 17.86 Chile IGPA 24,473.28 0.4 18.03 Argentina MerVal 20,890.61 1 23.48 Colombia IGBC 10,183.09 -0.11 0.54 Venezuela IBC 45,814.20 0.7 44.50 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1174 -0.12 4.23 Mexico peso 18.7340 0.50 10.73 Chile peso 656.5 0.26 2.16 Colombia peso 2,856.75 0.08 5.07 Peru sol 3.249 -0.06 5.08 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.4000 -0.24 3.08 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.82 0.38 6.32 (Editing by Tom Brown)
At one point Brad laments to their wife of their existence: "We've plateaued."
Facebook and the like would seem to offer a forum for expressing gratitude, but can also simply serve to trumpet accomplishments to generate short-lived self-affirmation, suggests Greg Evans, vice-president of the Canadian Positive Psychology Association.
"Gratitude works best when it is genuine; a real, felt personal emotion," they say.
Gratitude flows from the notion, long expressed through religious faiths, of being deeply mindful that you have blessings for which you are undeserving, and that should be requited; that you should give back, that you "owe."
It's about more than just regularly saying "thanks," which is perhaps the most flippantly used word in the English language.
Children are taught to say thank you, but that only instills politeness, says Evans, reducing gratitude to "a cognitive exercise."
(Cognitive exercise indeed: Years ago I inadvertently developed a kind of Abbott and Costello routine with my toddler son, as I drilled the please/thank you rote response. When someone handed them a cookie, I'd interject, "What do you say?" and then prompt them too quickly with, "Thank you" and they would respond politely: "You're welcome.")
We come by our incapacity for gratitude honestly. Psychologists say the instinct to desire what others have is part of our outdated evolutionary hard wiring, going back to ancient times when that mindset was necessary for survival.
This instinct fuels what is called the "hedonic treadmill," meaning the tendency to return to a baseline level of happiness no matter how much you gain, as expectations and desires rise in tandem.
Did the fancy granite countertop you put in the kitchen heighten joy and a sense of gratitude? Not for long.
Moreover, says Evans, we have a "negativity bias" where bad events influence our thoughts and feelings and sense of well being far more than the good events.
You may fleetingly feel gratitude for living in a safe, stable country, but it only lasts until you dwell on the latest hurricane or murderous attack happening elsewhere.
And then when someone urges you to feel gratitude, particularly at a time like Thanksgiving — "you should feel fortunate!"— it might only promote a sense of guilt.
The good news is that gratitude can be a learned feeling, and cultivated even when things are not going well.
"One way to cope with stress or an awful event is to focus on what you have, not what you don't have," says McCabe, adding that if you work at it, you can reduce stress, increase empathy for others, and not focus so much on your problems.
In therapy the focus is on appreciating small day-to-day things, of staying in the moment: simply waking up, or the sound of leaves rustling in the breeze, what they call "micro awareness."
Faith has long offered a ready portal to gratitude, by stressing the importance of giving thanks to something larger than ourselves, even during the toughest times. (Corinthians 2: When we have nothing, we still have everything.)
Chris Krucker, who owns ManoRun Organic Farm in Copetown, feels it, that wonder, when he's simply planting seeds. Sometimes they will go down on bended knee, not in church, but in the dirt, next to their tractor, and silently give thanks for the miracle of the harvest.
They figure anyone watching them assumes they are just fixing the tractor.
Retired Hamilton Presbyterian minister Alan McPherson says gratitude means recognizing society exists for us "through the labours of people we have never met and never will, and in those cases it's impossible to express gratitude personally, but it is still possible to be grateful, to feel blessed."
Michael Bowyer, community pastor at Compass Point Bible Church, quotes C.S. Lewis: "Gratitude looks to the past and love to the present; fear, avarice, lust and ambition look ahead."
Bowyer says that for him, gratitude is "the dance of being in the moment," of appreciating during even the stormiest moments, the simple act of taking a life-affirming breath.
It's not about turning a blind eye to pain or hardship, says Clarie Gosselin, a chaplain at Hamilton General Hospital who regularly sees patients and families going through their darkest hours.
Rather, they say, it is "noticing in the midst of the pain, kindness, love, and blessings of many kinds. It's also about putting my problems in perspective. I am reminded every day that I have this one life."
The two-way street that is gratitude — receiving blessings, and reciprocating them — can be found in many places, including the 541 café on Barton Street East, one block east of Wentworth, at the counter where customers buy, and use, buttons that double for money.
You buy a button (one dollar each), move it from the donate jar to the payment jar, and someone who can't afford a coffee or meal can have one. About 25 per cent of the customers at the café rely on the buttons.
It feels good. Just ask two 17-year old Cathedral high school students who bought buttons in addition to their bacon and eggs.
"To physically take the button from one jar, and put it in the other, you just feel like you are contributing," says Carly Arnold.
"When I came to school here, I realized that not everyone is as fortunate. It makes me thankful for what I have," says Maddy Arnott.
Ten minutes northeast of the 541, down at the beach, Earl Setzkorn is feeling it, gratitude, for a surreal hot October day, basking in their bathing trunks.
Their skin is browned, pony-tail-tied hair and unruly goatee bleached the colour of copper by the sun. Their straw hat is perched on a stick impaled in the sand.
They say they won their freedom after retiring with a pension after shovelling bricks 40 years at Dofasco. Terrible job, they say, but "I've had ten years to reap the reward, to be a beach bum. Hopefully I'll have ten or 15 more."
Earl thinks upon the question of gratitude some more. It runs deeper, they say. Today, the day after the Las Vegas massacre, he's been studying upon it, appreciation for their peaceful country.
He's venturing into gratitude for the big things, now. And to get a heady dose of that, you don't have to wander far: up the sand dunes to Dieppe Veterans Memorial Park, where the 197 members of the Royal Hamilton Light Infantry who perished in the infamous 1942 raid are remembered, from Pte. Ray Knight to Pte. William Zolyomy.
Jerzy and Krystyna Kotynia, visiting from Markham, pause on their bike ride, the Canadian, British, French, and U.S. flags flying high above the memorial.
The couple is originally from Poland, a country invaded by both Germany and Russia in that war.
Europeans, they had to fight, says Krystyna, so they feel gratitude for the Canadians who fought and died. And until today they had no idea how many Hamiltonians sacrificed.
Back down across the dunes, to the water's edge, a healthy supply of smooth, flat stones to skip at your feet.
Hamilton's beach has its imperfect quirks, with the hydro towers and noisy Skyway. But standing in an offshore breeze, looking north, all that is peripheral disappears, the endless horizon and bottomless blue sky fills the frame, and the only sound, water swooshing rhythmically.
You are reduced, beautifully so, by the grandness of creation, the timeless circle of it all, a place that was here long before you arrived, that will be here long after you're gone, and in that moment it appears like a gift; perspective, blessings, and gratitude.
jwells@thespec.com
905-526-3515 | @jonjwells
Miley Cyrus, Liam Hemsworth, Chris Hemsworth, Ryan Seacrest, Kourtney Kardashian and more celebrate the coming of 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Hollywood celebrities said goodbye to 2016 and welcomed 2017 with their respective families, while some performed live on television.
Justin Bieber kicked off 2017 as they performed in Miami.
Video of Justin doing the New Year 2017 countdown and talking to the audience at Fontainebleau in Miami, FL. pic.twitter.com/CfnFRGUzsA — Bieber-news.com (@yourbiebernews) January 1, 2017
Kourtney Kardashian posted on Instagram: "HAPPY NEW YEAR. wishing more love and laughter to everyone."
HAPPY NEW YEARwishing more love and laughter to everyone. A video posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Dec 31, 2016 at 11:47pm PST
Happy new year my loves!!!!!! — Khloé (@khloekardashian) January 1, 2017
[/source} Khloe Kardashian wrote on Twitter: "Happy new year my loves." {source}
Kris Jenner wrote on Instagram: "Happy New Year to all of you with many thanks for your love and support...I wish for you health, peace and joy....and lots and lots of love."
Happy New Year to all of you with many thanks for your love and support...I wish for you health, peace and joy....and lots and lots of love A photo posted by Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:13pm PST
Mariah Carey performed some of their hits during the Dick Clark New Year's Rockin' Eve 2017 in New York, and it was the talk of social media. (WATCH: Mariah Carey's awkward New Year's Eve performance)
Jenny McCarthy and husband Donnie Walhberg also greeted 2017 in New York.
Ryan Seacrest greeted 2017 in New York, hosting the Dick Clark New Year's Rockin' Eve 2017.
Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky wore gold colored outfits to welcome 2017.
New Year is coming!!/ ya llega Fin de Año! @chrishemsworth A photo posted by Elsa Pataky (@elsapatakyconfidential) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:08pm PST
John Legend and wife Chrissy Teigen celebrated at St Barts.
2016 is almost over A photo posted by John Legend (@johnlegend) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:46pm PST
Gwen Stefani posted a photo of them and son Apollo greeting the new year.
Happy New Years!!! Gx A photo posted by Gwen Stefani (@gwenstefani) on Dec 31, 2016 at 5:55pm PST
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom celebrated new year in Tokyo.
Teve Kabloom na virada do ano em Tóquio sim! pic.twitter.com/gJeBkVD9Qg — Portal Katy Perry (@PortalKatyPerry) January 1, 2017
Miley Cyrus celebrated 2017 with their mom and boyfriend Liam Hemsworth.
Happy new yearzzzzz from me and my mama!!!! @tishcyrus A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:04pm PST
Sorry. My dude is HOT. A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:01pm PST
Before closing 2016, Captain America star Chris Evans wrote: "Happy New Years Eve!! I know 2016 was full of ups and downs, but remember that underneath it all, love is our constant. It's what unites us."
Happy New Years Eve!! I know 2016 was full of ups and downs, but remember that underneath it all, love is our constant. It's what unites us. — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 31, 2016
David and Victoria Beckham celebrated with their family.
Happy new year everyone x A photo posted by David Beckham (@davidbeckham) on Dec 31, 2016 at 10:43pm PST
Adam Levine and wife Behati Prinsloo posted a photo as they welcomed 2017.
Happy new year mama. A photo posted by Adam Levine (@adamlevine) on Dec 31, 2016 at 7:29pm PST
Nicole Kidman joined husband Keith Urban during a performance in Nashville, Tennessee covered by CNN. Keith dedicated their performance to the musicians who died in 2016.
Gloria Estefan, husband Emilio and their daughter also celebrated in New York.
Almost time!!!! #TimesSquare #RockinEve #HappyNewYear #Hello2017 @nyre A photo posted by Gloria Estefan (@gloriaestefan) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:36pm PST
Fergie also performed and greeted 2017 in New York.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! A video posted by Fergie (@fergie) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:03pm PST
New Year, new you. Life Goes on. Give it up for @fergie! #RockinEve A photo posted by New Year's Rockin Eve 2017 (@officialnyre) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:41pm PST
Lionel Ritchie also performed in New York
Wish we could keep this @lionelrichie performance going #AllNightLong! #RockinEve A photo posted by New Year's Rockin Eve 2017 (@officialnyre) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:20pm PST
Lucy Hale celebrated 2017 in New Orleans.
2017 I am ready for YEW. A photo posted by Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:09pm PST
– Rappler.com
FILE PHOTO: The New Zealand All Blacks rugby team captain Kieran Read holds a ball during a team training session in Sydney, Australia, August 19, 2016.
WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The All Blacks were disappointed not to defeat the British and Irish Lions in their series this year but the experience will benefit the world champions in the Rugby Championship as they build towards the 2019 World Cup, captain Kieran Read has said.
After an impressive win in the first test against the tourists, New Zealand lost the second match in Wellington before a 15-15 draw in the third test saw the series end 1-1.
"We reviewed that series comprehensively," Read told reporters in Auckland on Sunday before the team headed to Australia for their Aug. 19 clash with the Wallabies.
"It's part of a massive (lesson) for us as a group, what we took out of that series around how we need to play this game and how we need to react to pressure.
"We've got to make sure it helps us. We've got a good couple of years coming up, and something pretty big after it at the World Cup, where there will be similar pressures from what we had a month ago.
"To get that experience first-hand for a lot of guys is really beneficial. Hopefully it will show in this Championship, in these Bledisloe Cup games, what we've learned."
The All Blacks romped through last year's Championship playing a fast-paced, high-skilled style of game but said it was unlikely they would be able to do so again this year, with the Lions offering a blueprint on how to challenge them.
The opening match of the southern hemisphere championship will take place against a backdrop of turmoil in Australian rugby, both on and off the field.
None of their Super Rugby teams recorded a victory against New Zealand opposition in the recently completed season, while the Wallabies lost to Scotland and struggled to beat Italy in June.
Read, however, expected Australia to rise above the problems and provide the All Blacks with a tough test.
"I expect a pretty strong team and a pretty strong effort from them," Read said. "They have a coach (who) ... wants to beat up other teams and that's what he's probably imprinted.
"He's had a month to work on things that they think they need to. I've experienced a Wallabies team over a number of years who have played above what they've done in Super Rugby.
"This year will be no different. They're always a talented team."
COUNCILLORS in Beaumaris have taken each other off their Christmas card list this year.
Not because they have fallen out with each other in the council chamber, but to help boost a Christmas get together for pensioners and disabled people.
At a meeting of the Beaumaris Town Council last Monday night, the former Beaumaris mayor, Councillor Gwen Evans Jones, proposed that the town councillors not bother sending each other cards this year.
“Let's not give each other cards like we do, what would would normally spend giving cards to each other, probably about a fiver? What's the point when they all end up in the recycle after Christmas?
“This year, let's just give the money to a good cause such as the mayor's Christmas get together. It is a much better use of the money.”
The Beaumaris Mayor and Mayoress Councillor Frank and Joan Carr are inviting pensioners and disabled people, from the Beaumaris and Llanfaes area, to the Christmas get-together - afternoon tea - being held from 3pm – 5pm, at Beaumaris Town Hall, on Saturday, December 16.
Mayoress Councillor Joan Carr said: “We'd like to invite people along to the Christmas get-toether, but ask if they could let us know who is coming. We'd also like to thank the Spar in Beaumaris for donating £40 and Lidl for supplying food for the event.”
People who can attend are being asked to let the couple know by Wednesday, December 13. telephone 01248 810 850. Email: jjoancarr46@btinternet.com
A MASSIVE $10.5 million solar panel set-up will make Adelaide's biggest wholesale fruit and vegetable market self-sufficient and cut its power bills by $500,000 a year.
More than 250,000 tonnes of fresh produce is traded between 45 wholesalers, 60 growers and hundreds of retail operators at the South Australian Produce Market, at Pooraka, each year.
The microgrid comprises a 4.2 megawatt lithium-ion battery, a 2.5 megawatt solar PV system comprising 6500 solar panels and a 2.5 megawatt on-site generator, all connected electrically with fibre-optic cable and controlled by a smart control and switching system.
The system dwarfs a one megawatt microgrid at the Royal Adelaide Showgrounds and Adelaide Airport's 1.2 megawatt system, making it what is believed the largest private microgrid in SA.
The $10.5 million microgrid, which will be built with the help of a $2.5 million State Government Energy Productivity Program grant, will supply all of the wholesale market's energy needs.
Camera Icon Artist impression of the South Australian Produce Market building Picture: Supplied
The grant is the first of what is expected to be a series of announcements this week as the State Government sells its energy plans to South Australians before the March election.
Energy Minister Tom Koutsantonis told the Sunday Mail that pairing solar panels with batteries not only reduced power costs for businesses, it also reduced demand on the grid, putting downward pressure on power prices for all South Australians.
“South Australia is at the forefront of advances in the deployment of this technology and projects like this one at the SA Produce Market demonstrate how much can be saved by investing in solar and batteries,” Mr Koutsantonis said.
Market chief executive Angelo Demasi said the project would not have been possible without the grant.
“We want to ensure we can continue to provide affordable fresh produce on a local and global platform and this initiative means we can do it with an environmentally friendly and cost-effective manner using an innovative solution,” they said.
West Virginia forced Oklahoma into 23 turnovers as the Mountaineers beat the Sooners, 61-50 inside of the Lloyd Noble Center.
Related: OU Spring Football Game Set For April 8
OU has now lost six consecutive games and 13 of their last 15.
Led by true first-year student Kameron McGusty, the Sooners jumped out to an 11-2 lead in the first four minutes of the game as West Virginia struggled out of the gates. But just like most Oklahoma games this season, the Sooners' offense stalled.
I've closely followed @OU_MBBall since 1964. The most baffling thing in 53 yrs has been mysterious play of James, Buford, Lattin & Woodard. — Dean Blevins (@DeanBlevins) February 9, 2017
Thanks to WVU's James Bolden and OU's dry spell, the Mountaineers quickly clawed back into the game before taking a two-point lead into intermission.
While the Sooners were still in a good position entering the second half, the offensive struggles continued as WVU began to push down on the gas. After a Rashard Odomes' layup brought the Sooners within 33-31, the Mountaineers ripped off a 12-to-5 run to go up nine points and never looked back.
McGusty and Jordan Shepherd each led the Sooners with 11 points each, but OU shot only 33.3 percent (16-48) from the field and dished seven assists as Oklahoma falls to 8-15 on the season and 2-9 in Big 12 play.
Bolden led the Mountaineers with a career-high 17 points off the bench as WVU bounced back from its loss to Oklahoma State last time out.
Oklahoma will be back in action on Saturday when they travel to Ames to take on Iowa State.
A version of this article originally appeared on EW.com.
Twenty-First Century Fox paid out approximately $50 million in settlements related to sexual harassment and discrimination allegations at Fox News during the fiscal year that ended June 30.
The company disclosed the amount Monday in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Fox News and its parent company have been plagued by allegations of misconduct over the past year. The late Roger Ailes stepped down as CEO and chairperson of Fox News in July 2016 after they were accused of serial sexual harassment by multiple women; star anchor Bill O'Reilly was ousted this April in another scandal; and Fox Sports National President Jamie Horowitz was fired last month amid a sexual harassment probe. Fox Business host Charles Payne and Fox News host Eric Bolling have also been accused of harassment in recent weeks.
The $50 million figure does not include payouts to those ousted from the company; Ailes reportedly walked away with $40 million, and O'Reilly with $25 million.
Fox disclosed in May that it had incurred $45 million in costs tied to harassment allegations in the nine months leading up to March 31, including $10 million in the first three months of 2017.
In the annual report filed Monday, 21st Century Fox noted that allegations of misconduct could still “impact the operations and management” of Fox News and precipitate future litigation. But the company “does not currently anticipate that the ultimate resolution of any such pending matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition, future results of operations or liquidity.”
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
MOSCOW, March 31 Russia's United Capital Partners (UCP) fund said on Friday it had sold a significant number of preferred shares in oil pipeline monopoly Transneft to a group of financial investors.
The fund did not reveal any further details. According to Moscow Stock Exchange data from March 27, 1,104,139 of Transneft's preferred shares were sold on that day in over-the-counter deals for more than 169 billion roubles ($3 billion).
Transneft has said that as of Jan. 20 2016, UCP owned more than 1.104 million - or more than 70 percent - of its preferred shares.
Transneft stock is widely held by emerging-markets and Russia-dedicated funds. Its preferred shares, issued as part of a privatisation in 1995-1996, account for 22 percent of its equity.
($1 = 56.4160 roubles) (Reporting By Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
Capitalising on African insurance opportunities
Consolidation is taking place in the East African insurance market due to rising capital requirements and mergers with international firms that want to gain a foothold in the region. Ashok Shah, Group CEO of APA Apollo examines the opportunities this brings.
In addition to operating in such a dynamic business environment, insurers in East Africa have access to a growing young population with significant purchasing power. This is especially the case in Kenya which EY ranked as one of the continent's most mature insurance markets with strong growth potential.
Urbanisation and developing economies will likely spur increases in annual insurance premium income in the region. However, the market still needs to overcome challenges common to the sector in the emerging world.
For example, insurers are struggling to expand coverage to the large informal sector and income-sensitive population. For this sector of the population, insurance remains a secondary or tertiary need.
Having said that, millennials will provide new avenues for growth. Selling to this segment via mobile is easier than ever but products must be designed to have a limited life cycle to appease the instant gratification culture of this generation. While a lack of trust and fraud remain difficult to combat, insurers must embrace technologies like artificial intelligence to counter it and be able to pay claims faster. This is critical to capture the attention of this younger customer segment.
Reaching the uninsured
Given how mobile is becoming increasingly pervasive, it must be the primary platform for growth. According to the Communications Authority of Kenya, [mobile] penetration in the country stood at 88,1% as at the end of September last year with 37,8-million subscribers.
The growth in mobile phone ownership is the most dominating factor compared to other technologies. It can reduce risks by controlling cost, increasing productivity, and enhancing the customer experience.”
But even though other industries are adopting mobile because of its convenience and reach, insurers in East Africa are still slow in the uptake. Critically, mobile technology can have a huge impact on the insurance industry by attracting new customers and retaining former policyholders.
Access to a mobile device is the first step towards broader financial inclusion since it allows people to access affordable financial products like insurance.
Embracing innovation
Even though insurance in Kenya is mainly sourced through agents, brokers, or directly by insurance companies, this is changing as insurers are moving from a product-focused sales process to one determined by the needs of the customer.
Realtime data at the point of sale and ability to drive needs‐based selling is a growing priority of insurance in Africa not just Kenya or the region. Additionally, evolving technology and changes to the regulatory environment are driving significant shifts across the insurance distribution landscape.”
Even though the need for insurance to be sold more directly and at a lower cost is not new, the need to do it has changed into an organisational priority. Similarly, the adoption of bank assurance in Kenya have seen these financial institutions become intermediaries themselves by forming an agency.
They market insurance and receive a commission. For them, the commission becomes an extra income while the risk remains with the insurer. The opportunity to automate the business by using technology is important for a quick execution. Here, two different systems need to be integrated. However, it becomes an important market for an insurer as it can increase the market share for the insurance industry as the bank's database can represent a significant client base.
Microfinance presents insurers in the region with another potential channel to drive sales. It provides access to financial services that can help reduce poverty by promoting opportunities and facilitating empowerment. In general, formal financial services are not available to everyone due to high interest rates, collateral requirements, complicated application procedures, and long admissions processing.
However, microfinance provides low-income consumers with access to basic financial services, such as loans, savings, money transfer services, and micro-insurance.
Aggregators are also becoming an increasingly important channel for insurers in Africa. They provide the possibility of integrating insurance into a more complete buying experience that blurs industry boundaries. However, the need to tailor products with the flexibility of dynamic pricing remains a significant obstacle to overcome.
Insurance in East Africa is changing. How quickly insurers embrace this and utilise new technologies to adapt should be a strategic priority for them if they want to remain competitive.
By STEPHEN KORANDA
Lowering the Kansas sales tax on food is as popular as it is difficult in a state scrounging for every nickel to balance its budget.
On Thursday, supporters of a plan to cut taxes on groceries sounded off at the Kansas Statehouse with a plea to a Senate committee to advance a constitutional amendment that would reduce the rate.
The current state sales tax rate stands at 6.5 percent. Local sales taxes bring the total to more than 11 percent in some parts of Kansas. Under the proposal, the state sales tax on food would drop to 4 percent in 2019 and 2 percent in 2020. Local sales tax decisions would still remain the business of city and county politicians.
Staff from the Department of Revenue said such tax cuts would lower collections for the state's general fund by $128 million in the first year and $246 million in the second year.
Casey Cordts is a pediatrician at Stormont Vail Health in Topeka. They told the Senate committee that the state's sales tax makes it harder for low-income Kansans to buy healthy foods instead of cheaper, less-nutritious options.
They remember one example where a child was dealing with significant weight issues. Their family worked on a diet plan, but the boy's mother said the family couldn't afford the extra vegetables.
“A dollar or two back can be a couple extra vegetables a week,” Cordts said. “That can make a huge impact on a kid's life.”
Brenda Johnson owns a small grocery store called Hometown Market in Bird City, a town of 400 in northwest Kansas. They told lawmakers that grocery stores near the state's borders struggle to compete with stores in neighboring states that charge a lower tax rate.
They recently ran into someone preparing to head across the Nebraska border for a large grocery purchase.
“Just because it was minus that sales tax,” Johnson said. “They're at zero percent.”
They said the sales tax on food makes small stores like theirs less competitive and that losing grocery stores in small communities can leave people without a local option to buy necessities.
“For a grocery store to leave the town,” Johnson said, “it makes it even harder to survive as a town.”
Lowering the sales tax on food appeals to lawmakers across ideological lines, but the problem is balancing the budget.
Unless it's part of a larger tax proposal, cutting the sales tax on food would also mean a sizable cut into state revenues. That challenge has led to similar proposals faltering in recent years.
If state revenues fell, that could jeopardize funding for state services such as education.
Rob Gilligan, with the Kansas Association of School Boards, did not urge lawmakers to defeat the proposal. But they said reducing the food sales tax should be part of a larger tax overhaul “where you looked at an appropriate taxation policy for the funding of all government services.”
Gov. Jeff Colyer said they like lowering taxes but doubts there will be much action on the tax front after the major overhaul last year.
“I'll look at anything the Legislature sends my way,” Colyer said. “But right now, I don't see the Legislature passing a different tax proposal.”
Stephen Koranda is Statehouse reporter for KPR a partner in the Kansas News Service. Follow them on Twitter @kprkoranda.
By STEVEN WINE
AP Sports Writer
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) - Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night, and the Miami Dolphins snapped the New England Patriots' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory.
The Dolphins (6-7) were 11-point underdogs at home, but they kept the Patriots (10-3) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title _ at least for another week.
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. Miami sacked them twice and hit them five times, and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing. New England was 0 for 11 on third down.
The Dolphins' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores, including two to Jarvis Landry. Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving.
AP-WF-12-12-17 0457GMT
Joseph said McKenzie was going to be benched for the final four games and they were going back to Taylor.
"I've never done it before. I didn't do it in high school or college, so it is a new thing to me but I think I'm learning," said Taylor, who is averaging 12.4 yards with 85 yards on seven punt returns. "I'm looking forward to getting out there and doing it some more."
He'll get that chance soon enough — the Broncos (4-9) visit the Colts (3-10) on Thursday night.
"It's a tough job to catch punts back there," Taylor said. "You've got a lot going on and a short amount of time and you've got to make sure you make good decisions. That's really what I'm focused on."
Taylor, a 6-foot-5 wide receiver who is nine inches taller than McKenzie, spent their entire rookie season on the Broncos' practice squad in 2015 and was mostly known as Peyton Manning's personal workout partner while the five-time MVP worked their way back from a foot injury to help the Broncos win Super Bowl 50.
Last year, they played in all 16 games and caught 16 passes for 209 yards and two touchdowns.
He's played in six games with two starts this season, catching six passes for 55 yards, a total they surpassed with their five punt returns Sunday.
"I was proud of Jordan. That's a tough job because if you don't catch the ball at certain spots, it can kill you," Joseph said Monday. "Yesterday, they did a great job of decision-making back there. That's a tough job because sometimes you're not sure how close the gunners are.
"Their guy, four times the ball hit the ground and it backed them up inside of the 5-yard line. Jordan was key for us yesterday by keeping the ball off the ground and keeping our field position flipped all game."
Notes: S Justin Simmons is day-to-day with a mild left high ankle sprain, the result of coming down on Brandon Marshall's right foot while celebrating the linebacker's strip sack Sunday. ... S Jamal Carter has a bruised left shoulder but should be OK to play Thursday night, Joseph said. ... DE Zach Kerr on returning to Indianapolis: "It's going to be emotional. It's my first NFL team. I was undrafted and made a team, all that stuff. At the end of the day, business is business, and it's just another game."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
By Arnie Stapleton, The Associated Press
Archaeologists have discovered 300 bodies in Derbyshire, believing it could be the burial site of war dead belonging to the Great Viking Army.
Researchers have determined that all the remains date to the ninth century, implying that the bodies could belong to the Great Viking Army, also known as Great Heathen Army, which drove out the King of Mercia in 873 AD. Weapons and artefacts, including an axe, several knives and five silver pennies dating to the period between 872 AD and 875 AD, were also discovered among the bones.
READ MORE: Viking Booty: Norwegians Want to Wrest Royal Horn Back From Danes
The mass grave was found in the 1980s in Repton, which was a significant royal and ecclesiastical site in the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia. At the time researchers suggested that it consisted of remains collected over several centuries, but the new study has revealed that all the bones were consistent with a date in the late 9th century.
“The date of the Repton charnel bones is important because we know very little about the first Viking raiders that went on to become part of a considerable Scandinavian settlement of England,” said archaeologist Cat Jarman, who led the study.
Mass grave in Repton 'was the Viking Great Army'https://t.co/E0w1tOW2EP pic.twitter.com/Xh4NgBKJNV — BBC Radio Derby (@BBCDerby) 2 февраля 2018 г.
“The previous radiocarbon dates from this site were all affected by something called marine reservoir effects, which is what made them seem too old,” said Ms. Jarman. “When we eat fish or other marine foods, we incorporate carbon into our bones that is much older than in terrestrial foods. This confuses radiocarbon dates from archaeological bone material and we need to correct for it by estimating how much seafood each individual ate.”
RARE FIND | The Viking Great Army may have finally been found — https://t.co/8gzZTBQl5Q pic.twitter.com/EdwjGVaJkO — News4JAX (@wjxt4) 3 февраля 2018 г.
The freshly released study was conducted using more sophisticated techniques, which allowed it to determine a date that was compatible with historical records of the Great Heathen Army.
New radiocarbon dates obtained for human remains discovered some 40 years ago in a mass grave at a 7th-century church in Repton, Derbyshire date to the 9th century, when a Viking army invaded England. https://t.co/z08jg0e9jI pic.twitter.com/OeadAHlJst — Archaeology Magazine (@archaeologymag) 2 февраля 2018 г.
The Great Viking Army was formed as a coalition of Norse warriors from Denmark, Norway and Sweden to invade the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms and avenge the death of the famous Ragnar Lothbrok, a legendary Viking hero and ruler.
IoT set to go mainstream in SA
The key barriers to entry in the IoT space – battery power and cost – have fallen away with the arrival in South Africa of low-cost, low-power solutions.
“While machine to machine (M2M) solutions have been in use in some sectors in South Africa for several years, many industries and small- to mid-sized businesses have not been able to harness the potential of IoT due to data costs, complexity, and critically – the battery power required to run the devices,” says Neil Hamilton, vice-president: business development of international low-power IoT specialists Thingstream.
Thingstream, now expanding into South Africa via a local partner network, delivers a global IoT connectivity platform which connects via GSM networks using a unique combination of MQTT and USSD messaging protocols.
“The beauty of this new technology extends beyond cost-saving,” says Hamilton. “Its simplicity and low power consumption is making it a compelling proposition or where IoT devices might be dispersed across a vast geographic area or situated in inaccessible locations. Because a low-power IoT field unit might need a new battery only every five years, low-power IoT systems become a feasible option for sectors such as agriculture, forestry, mining and logistics.”
Hamilton expects significant adoption of low-power IoT systems in South Africa, based on the reception Thingstream has received since its arrival in the country earlier this year. “Many companies have been waiting for the right IoT solutions to arrive, and we see massive opportunities for IoT growth in the country, as well as across Africa,” they say.
Sectors showing particular interest include vehicle tracking firms looking to update and reduce the cost of their existing systems; the manufacturing sector; and supply chain and logistics firms seeking enhanced security and more efficient supply chain and asset management. In addition, other new business cases are appearing practically weekly,” they say.
By 2025, more than 100 billion Internets of Things connected devices are predicted to be live, generating an overall revenue of close to $10 trillion, says Hamilton. This unprecedented growth looks poised to continue globally over the next few years, they say, with Africa moving quickly to leapfrog legacy technologies and capitalise on IoT's potential too.
According to IDC, the Middle East and Africa (MEA) IoT market is set to grow 15% year on year, reaching $6,99-billion in 2018 and $12,62-billion by 2021, led by the manufacturing, transportation, and utilities industries.
“Everyone is excited about the business innovation low-power, low-cost IoT can enable, and Thingstream is now providing this revolutionary boxed connectivity to enable businesses to deploy more IoT devices, faster and more cost effectively,” they say.
Thingstream, building on parent company Myriad Group's legacy of USSD expertise, harnesses the ubiquitous GSM network to deliver simple and secure IoT connectivity with international coverage and mobility, even in areas and sectors lacking internet connectivity. With out-of-the-box coverage in South Africa, no cross-border roaming costs and a fixed monthly cost as low as only $1 for 10,000 IoT messages, Thingstream makes IoT available to any size business.
Thingstream is fast growing its channel partner network in South Africa, collaborating with a range of partners who have existing large customer bases keen to harness IoT to reinvent and optimise their businesses.
* Futures down: Dow 39 pts, S&P 7 pts, Nasdaq 13.5 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 13 U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower on Thursday following President Donald Trump's remarks on the U.S. dollar and interest rates, while investors kept an eye on bank earnings.
* The dollar, already suffering from a risk-off mode in the market amid geopolitical tensions, hit its lowest level this month after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar "was getting too strong" and that they would like to see interest rates stay low.
* Gold, which has become the preferred asset in the past week as investors scurried to safety, was up 0.11 percent, continuing to hit levels unseen in over five months.
* Wall Street ended lower on Wednesday, responding to Trump's comments and as investors stayed away from making big bets ahead of the earnings season.
* JPMorgan shares were up 1.3 percent at $86.50 premarket after the biggest U.S. bank by assets reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit.
* The results also lifted shares of other banks. Citigroup and Wells Fargo, which are due to report premarket on Thursday, were marginally up.
* Bank of America and Goldman Sachs trimmed earlier losses to trade little changed.
* The results mark the beginning of the first-quarter earnings season, which investors will closely watch to justify lofty valuations in the market.
* The combined profit of S&P 500 companies is estimated to have risen about 10 percent. However, the index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimate, compared with its historical average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* Reports on weekly jobless claims and the March producer price index are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET.
* The University of Michigan will release its consumer sentiment data for April at 10:00 a.m. ET.
* Shares of Applied Optoelectronics jumped nearly 23 percent to $50.15 after the company said it expected first-quarter earnings to exceed its forecast .
* Trading volumes could be lower than usual on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were down 39 points, or 0.19 percent, with 27,907 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 7 points, or 0.3 percent, with 183,128 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 13.5 points, or 0.25 percent, on volume of 29,361 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
YOUR watch knows too much.
Especially if it's a smartwatch with motion sensors.
These monitor your hand's every movement. With incredible detail.
And researchers have already come up with computer algorithms that can recognise the tiny differences in movement when you chose — and move — your fingers to different numbers on a keypad.
A team from Stevens Institute of Technology was able to crack ATM PINs with an accuracy rate of 90 per cent as early as 2016.
But things have only gotten easier than smartwatches get more sophisticated and sensitive, warns Russia-based digital security firm Kaspersky.
It's issued a new warning that your smartwatch is the ultimate Trojan Horse.
And it says it can now steal your complex computer password with 96 per cent accuracy.
Kaspersky should know. It's been implicated in Kremlin spying operations.
EYES ON YOUR WRIST
Smartwatch built-in accelerometers and gyroscopes covertly record your every move.
Their manufacturers openly advertise how it can tell you how active you've been. It can even tell you how healthy your heart is.
But that's just the tip of the iceberg of such intimate data sensed.
And that data, in the wrong hands and filtered by the right algorithm, can reveal much, much more about you.
It enables hackers, corporations and marketers to build up a comprehensive profile of your every habit.
Have a passcode to access your phone or tablet? Your watch knows it.
Have difficulty remembering which PIN applies to which card? Your watch records them all.
Have a high-security password for your computer or workplace? Yep, that's been sensed as well.
But it also reveals what you are doing — real time.
“The data can indeed be used to work out if the wearer is walking or sitting,” the Kaspersy report says. “Moreover, it's possible to dig deeper and figure out if the person is out for a stroll or changing subway trains — the accelerometer patterns differ slightly; that's also how fitness trackers differentiate between, say, walking and cycling.”
Combine that with a watch's GPS function, and a potential stalker knows everything about what you are doing.
But hacking your daily life isn't entirely as easy as it may sound.
Camera Icon Your wrist movements are sensed in such detail by your smartwatch that the data it collects can be used to inferr your passwords. Picture: Supplied
SPY GAMES
“It's also easy to see when a person is typing on a computer,” it reads. “But working out what they are typing is way more complex. Basically, different people typing the same phrase can produce very different accelerometer signals — although one person entering a password several times in a row will produce pretty similar graphs.
But computer algorithms can learn your individual patterns from a backlog of data — if it has enough of it.
“And therein lies trouble for a would-be spy: The constant upload of accelerometer readings consumes a fair bit of internet traffic and zaps the smartwatch battery in a matter of hours (six, to be precise, in our case),” Kaspersky says. “Both of those telltale signs are easy to spot, alerting the wearer that something is wrong. “
However, there are workarounds even for this.
“Both, however, are easily minimised by scooping up data selectively, for example when the target arrives at work, a likely time for password entry.”
Camera Icon Even tapping in a passcode for your phone is not immune to your prying watch sensors, warns Kaspersky. Picture: Supplied
KASPERSKY SHOULD KNOW
Kaspersky's digital security products have recently been banned from use in all US federal agencies.
US officials last year expressed fears that the company could be influence by Kremlin espionage agencies to threaten US national security.
Kaspersky's appeal against the move has been thrown out of court today.
“Given the lack of evidence of wrongdoing by the company and the imputation of malicious cyber activity by nation-states to a private company, these decisions have broad implications for the global technology community,” a Kaspersky spokesperson said this week. “Policy prohibiting the US government's use of Kaspersky Lab products and services actually undermines the government's expressed goal of protecting federal systems from the most serious cyber threats.”
A commercial fire was reported in southwest Oklahoma City.
The fire happened about 12:45 p.m. Wednesday near SW 29 and Portland Avenue.
The fire was at a large metal building which was reportedly an auto body shop.
Firefighters were able to quickly knock down the fire.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information as it becomes available.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Members of America's Hindu community are demanding that the CEO of cereal maker Kellogg Co. resign for failing to disclose the inclusion of beef in its products.
Hindus, many of whom avoid eating beef products, are protesting the use of gelatin that is included in some of Kellogg's foods, 247Wall Street.com reported.
advertisement
Gelatin is made of either beef or pork and serves as an ingredient typically added to products such as Rice Krispies Treats, fruit snacks, and many others. Hindus note that Kellogg does not disclose that gelatin may include beef when listing its ingredients.
Rajan Zed, President of the Universal Society of Hinduism, said, “It was shocking for Hindus to learn that some of the cereals, etc., they had been eating for years contained beef while there was no mention of beef under the ingredients mentioned on the boxes/packages.”
Zed also noted that Kellogg admitted via email that some of its gelatin products might include beef.
Federal Food and Drug Administration rules do not demand the disclosure of the origin of gelatin, but Zed says that Kellogg is not properly serving the three million American Hindus who have religious restrictions on beef.
However, Mr. Zed may not be speaking for all or even a majority of Hindus in the U.S.A. In fact, because Hinduism does not have the same sort of all encompassing rules as Islam or Judaism where it concerns conventions for dress or consumption of food, many Hindus do not feel their religion includes any restrictions at all on eating beef.
While some individuals and factions of the family of beliefs encompassed under Hinduism restrict or eschew eating beef, there are no religion-wide proscriptions against eating beef.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
JAKARTA, April 20 U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Thursday their administration wants fairer trade with Indonesia, as Washington reviews a number of countries with which it has trade deficits.
After meeting with Indonesian President Joko Widodo, Pence said the U.S. was interested in a "win-win relationship" with Southeast Asia's biggest economy.
Indonesia is one of 16 countries under review for having a trade surplus with the United States.
Pence also called for cooperation on fighting terrorism and maintaining freedom of navigation in the region.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton)
HAMILTON, New Zealand — Tevaughn Shaqele Campbell and Luke Bradley scored late tries but Canada still fell to Samoa 22-14 on Saturday at the New Zealand Sevens.
Canada will play in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinal against an undetermined opponent.
Murphy Pocetta Joe Paulo, Neria Fomai, David Jerusalem Afamasaga and Tila Mealoi all scored as Samoa built an early lead.
Campbell and Bradley scored in the 10th and 13th minutes respectively.
The researchers are members of Operation IceBridge, a nine-year NASA research mission to monitor polar ice through the use of specialized aircraft. Planes equipped with cameras and other scientific instruments canvas the ice coverage and formations in Antarctica as well as Greenland.
Stef Lhermitte, an associate professor of geoscience with the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands discovered the crack close to the town of Qaanaaq in the northernmost reaches of Greenland.
© NASA. Operation IceBridge Digital aerial photography of the new crack in the Petermann Glacier.
Since then, weather satellites have been monitoring the crack for signs of development. NASA and other scientific bodies are concerned about it because the crack is unusually close to the center of the Petermann Glacier. Typically when a glacier fragments, it does so at its edges.
Nobody is sure why the glacier is doing this. Lhermitte's theory is that warm water is trapped underneath the glacier core, but they don't know how it would have got there. They said in a statement that it was "amazing to see the rift from nearby after studying it from space for several days." However, "from these images alone it is difficult to already say anything about what exactly caused the crack on this unusual spot."
© NASA. Operation IceBridge The Petermann Glacier, whose new crack is visible in the lower section of the photo.
It still isn't clear if Petermann will crack at all. There's an older and larger crack on its edge that scientists are concerned may join with the new one, but there's a medial ice flow line (a natural pipeline through which ice moves throughout the glacier) separating the two, and the medial ice flow line "may exert a stagnating effect on the propagation of the new rift toward the older one" according to a NASA Facebook post.
Glacier splitting can raise sea levels, but typically not by very much. Glaciers are in effect gigantic ice cubes floating on the surface of the water — and just like an ice cube floating in a glass of water, when they melt they don't raise water levels. If the Petermann Glacier does crack, the only increase in sea levels would be from ice currently held in place by the glacier falling into the sea.
© NASA. Project IceBridge Satellite topographical imaging of the crack in the Petermann Glacier.
Petermann Glacier has undergone two calvings in recent years, one in 2010 and one in 2012. The 2010 island in particular received a great deal of media attention, and was discussed on the floor of the US House of Representatives.
"Last week an ice sheet covering 100 square miles broke off Greenland," then-Rep. Edward J. Markey, D-Mass., the chair of the select committee on energy independence and global warming, said in 2010 during a hearing regarding the glacier. "This giant ice island is more than four times the size of Manhattan. It is the largest piece of Arctic ice to break free in nearly half a century."
Despite significant ice loss, Petermann Glacier has retained most of its size because it rapidly forms new ice. NASA estimates that the new ice island would be 50-70 square miles in size, should it form.
[India], June 15 (ANI): A fine of Rs. 27 lakh has been imposed on the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) by the Public Works Department (PWD) on charges of 'unauthorised occupation' of party office.
The party is liable to pay Rs. 27,73,802 as the market rent for unauthorised occupation.
According to the notice, the dues will further accrue upto the date the premises are finally vacated.
In April, the PWD had issued a notice to AAP's National Convenor Arvind Kejriwal asking them to immediately vacate the office, which was allotted to them in "violation" of rules. (ANI)
April 13 Ensync Inc
* Ensync energy enters into power purchase agreement with food processing company in hawaii
* Ensync inc - entered into a power purchase agreement (ppa) with a hawaii-based food processing company
* Ensync inc - when project is complete company will have more than 600 kilowatts of solar pv onsite and 850 kilowatt-hours of hybrid energy storage Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Cholamandalam Investment And Finance Company Ltd
* March quarter consol net profit 2.21 million rupees versus profit 1.94 million rupees year ago
* March quarter consol total income from operations 12.22 billion rupees versus 11.41 billion rupees year ago
* Says recommended for issue of NCDs worth INR 115 billion
* Says recommended for final dividend of INR 2 per share Source text - (bit.ly/2ppdSWZ) Further company coverage:
The NFL announced the 2018 class for the Pro Football Hall of Fame and Pittsburgh Steelers guard Alan Faneca finds themselves on the outside looking in.
Faneca waits RT @AdamSchefter: Hall of Fame, Class of 2018: Randy Moss, Brian Urlacher, Ray Lewis, Brian Dawkins, Terrell Owens, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard. — Jeremy Fowler (@JFowlerESPN) February 4, 2018
This was Faneca's third time on the ballot but it looks like they will have to wait another year. It's hard to argue with guys like Ray Lewis, Randy Moss and Brian Urlacher being elected. But to see Faneca miss out so that Terrell Owens can get in is a tough one to swallow.
Faneca is one of the best offensive lineman of their era and one of the best in Steelers franchise history. They were the team's first-round pick back in 1998 and spent 10 seasons with the Steelers. They made the Pro Bowl nine times and was an All-Pro eight.
It's already tough to get in as a lineman. The thought was the depth at the position in this class would be Faneca's undoing. But instead, it was the desire to put a big mouth wide receiver in that cost them a spot.
Related Hines Ward was hoping to be considered for coaching position with Steelers
Germany has granted asylum to four Turkish soldiers, including one Ankara accuses of playing a leading role in the attempted military coup of July 2016, in a new setback for relations between the two countries, weekly magazine Der Spiegel reported.
By granting them asylum, German authorities make it impossible for them to be extradited to face charges, a refusal likely to dismay Turkish authorities, who accuse them of treachery and membership in a terrorist organisation.
Turkey accuses Ilham P., a former Turkish colonel whose surname cannot be published in full because of German privacy practices, then head of the Ankara military academy, of being ring-leader of the group.
The Foreign Ministry could not immediately comment on the report.
Relations between European countries and Turkey have been strained ever since the coup attempt and the crackdown that followed it, with many bemoaning Turkey's authoritarian turn under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Large numbers of German citizens have been detained in Turkey for what Berlin regards as political reasons, most of them over alleged links to coup plotters.
Also on Friday, a Greek court ruled that a man accused of being behind a series of suicide bombings in Turkey could not be extradited because their life would be in danger at home.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the Election Commission of India (ECI) and the Centre over plea seeking cancellation of nomination papers of any candidate contesting election in two constituencies simultaneously.
Earlier, the apex court had sought reply from the Election Commission and the Centre in the matter.
A petitioner has filed a PIL seeking to declare nomination papers of any candidate contesting election from more than one constituency as null and void.
As per Section 70 of the Representation of Peoples Act, if a person is elected to more than one seat in either House of Parliament or in the House of the Legislature of a state, then, unless within the prescribed time they resign from all but one of the seats by writing under their hand addressed to the Speaker or Chairman, as the case may be, or to such other authority or officer as may be prescribed, all the seats shall become vacant. (ANI)
In a memo (here) to readers today, Reuters Editor-in-Chief Stephen J. Adler outlined the initiative, aimed to provide additional transparency around the reporting process.
You may not be familiar with the Thomson Reuters Trust Principles, but to us at Reuters they are our indispensable compass. Created in 1941, in the midst of World War II, they call upon Reuters and its employees to act at all times with integrity, independence and freedom from bias. The Trust Principles were built into the charter of Reuters when it went public in 1984 and into the founding documents of the Thomson Reuters Corp. after it was formed in 2008. In their clarity and uncompromising standards, these principles have proven invaluable in guiding our journalists over the past 75 years, and they continue to help us report honestly and fairly in today's challenging environment.Starting today, you'll see that we have attached a link to the Trust Principles at the bottom of all stories on Reuters.com. In addition, from time to time, when we think it might be useful to the reader, we will also provide an explanation – which we are calling Backstory (www.reuters.com/backstory)– of how we have reported a particular piece. Backstory will be presented as a statement of methodology or a Q&A with a Reuters journalist. These additions reflect our commitment not only to deliver accurate, unbiased news but to share more information about the way we work and the standards under which we operate. Sincerely,Stephen J. Adler
Media Contact:
Heather dot Carpenter at thomsonreuters dot com
[Reuters PR Blog Post]
Galway Bay fm newsroom – County planners have refused an extension at Supervalu in Loughrea.
Greenstream ULC had applied for permission for the extension of the Supervalu retail space including associated shopfront, signage and ancillary storage.
However, the proposed development at the Loughrea Shopping Centre, Athenry Road has been rejected.
Planners say the project would undermine the viability and vitality of the town centre and would be contrary to Loughrea's Local Area Plan.
Cyprus filed another report at the UN protesting Turkish infringements of international air traffic regulations, violations of the national airspace and the illegal use of ports in the north by Turkish warships during last November 2017, it was reported on Saturday.
In a letter to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, Permanent Representative of Cyprus to the United Nations Kornelios Korneliou said Turkish commercial aircraft systematically use the illegal airport of Tymbou in the north.
According to the Cyprus News Agency, the letter, accompanied by relevant documents, said that the regime in the occupied areas illegally issued seven notices to airmen relating to exercises conducted by the Turkish Air Force in November 2017.
Korneliou also informed the UNSG that: “Turkey's actions are clearly aimed at undermining the sovereignty of the Republic of Cyprus, bolstering the continuing de facto division and upgrading the secessionist entity's status by claiming a purported airspace over the occupied territory of the Republic”.
In addition, they said, Turkey continues to systematically harass civilian and military aircraft within the Nicosia flight information region (FIR) via radio calls.
Meanwhile, they said, “Nicosia FIR infringements and violations of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus continue unabated. Turkey's policy of persistently breaching international law and defying international rules and regulations puts the safety of international civil aviation at risk, has a negative impact on the stability of the region and causes difficulties for air traffic over Cyprus.
“It should further be underlined”, they said, “that the continuation of Turkey's illegal actions creates tension during a critical period for the successful outcome of the ongoing negotiation process for a peaceful comprehensive solution to the Cyprus problem.
“On behalf of my Government, I strongly protest the continuing infringements of international air traffic regulations and the violations of the national airspace and territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus by Turkey and appeal for their immediate cessation. The Republic of Cyprus reiterates, in this respect, its call for adherence to the principle of sovereignty and non-interference enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,” Korneliou concluded.
Cyprus has been divided since the 1974 Turkish invasion. The latest round of UN -backed negotiations concluded last July in Crans Montana, Switzerland, but failed to yield any results. Talks aim at reuniting the country under a federal roof.
May 3 Evraz Plc says:
* Evraz has entered into agreement to dispose of joint stock company Evraz Nakhodka Trade Seaport;
* To sell Evraz Nakhodka Trade Seaport to its majority shareholder, Lanebrook Limited, for a total consideration of $354.4 million;
* The deal will generate $295 million of net proceeds for Evraz and the transaction proceeds will principally be applied to reduce the outstanding indebtedness of the company.
* The Transhipment Agreement secures the continuity of transhipment services provided by the Nakhodka Port to Evraz for the next five years. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Moscow Newsroom)
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), an avid open borders advocate, is praised in the latest edition of American Vogue by illegal aliens for being the illegal alien population's “strongest ally.”
Harris's new profile in Vogue focuses much of its attention on their fight to give amnesty to the 12 to 30 million illegal aliens currently living in the U.S. – especially those who have been shielded from deportation by the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
The California Senator is particularly beloved by the open borders lobby and illegal aliens because she, herself, is the daughter of two foreign-born residents of the U.S. Them parents met while they were graduate students at the University of California, Berkeley.
During one instance in the Vogue profile, ahead of the President Trump's State of the Union (SOTU) address, a DACA illegal alien told Harris “you're my Beyoncé.”
The meeting ends. Before Harris heads to the Capitol, they must first stop by their office to welcome the date she's bringing along, a DACA recipient named Denea Joseph, who emigrated from Belize at the age of seven and grew up in South Los Angeles. (She cofounded a Facebook group called “Slay, Kamala, Slay.”) At Harris's office, Joseph is waiting on a beige couch, wearing a graphic-print blouse, black slacks, and heels. Harris settles down next to them while an aide runs through Joseph's lineup of media interviews. “It's about you, but it's not about you,” Harris says to calm them nerves. “Think of all the people who are counting on you to deliver your message.” Before they leave, Joseph asks to take a selfie with the senator. I pretend not to be listening as Joseph, fumbling with their phone, tells Harris: “You're my Beyoncé.” [Emphasis added]
It's not just DACA illegal aliens who fawned over Harris for the Vogue profile. Pro-mass immigration elected officials in California called Harris their “strongest ally” in the fight to crush Americans' wages with a never-ending flow of mass low-skilled immigration.
Plenty of national politicians wax poetic about Dreamers. Few can defend them with Harris's command. “She's the strongest ally we have in the fight,” says Eric Garcetti, the two-term mayor of Los Angeles, the city with the most Dreamers in it. At the same time, Harris has signaled that they won't support a fix that comes with hard-line anti-immigration measures. For months, they have been pushing for a “clean” Dream Act—legislation that would offer DACA beneficiaries a path to citizenship, but would do so without being tied to other policies, in particular funding for Trump's border wall. [Emphasis added]
Harris's open borders views have most recently been reflected when they said they “100 percent” supported a decision by Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf (D) to help criminal illegal aliens evade deportation ahead of a raid by federal immigration officials, Breitbart News reported.
‘Important Alert!': Oakland Mayor Warned Businesses with Illegal Alien Employees Before Announcing ICE Raidhttps://t.co/H1mDcERhpo — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) March 15, 2018
During a fundraiser for the YMCA's “Y for Youth Luncheon,” Harris defended Schaaf, who made national headlines last month when they warned criminal illegal aliens of a coming raid in Oakland by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency.
Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, speaks to the public during an election campaign visit in the centre of Crewe April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
LONDON The leader of Britain's main opposition Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn said on Sunday they could suspend British involvement in air strikes against Syria if they were elected prime minister at a June 8 election.
The veteran peace campaigner, whose Labour Party is around 20 points behind the ruling Conservatives in opinion polls, set out their position on a range of security and foreign policies, saying they would look again at Britain's nuclear deterrent and was against using nuclear weapons.
Their comments were pounced upon by the Conservatives, who said that Corbyn posed a threat to British security and was the best reason "for sticking with the strong leadership of (Prime Minister) Theresa May".
Corbyn told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show that they believed that "the only solution in Syria is going to be a political one".
"I want us to say 'Listen, let's get people around the table quickly' and a way of achieving that - suspending the strikes, possibly."
The leftist leader, whose views on foreign policy have often been at odds with those held by other lawmakers in their party, also said they would have to consider whether they would authorise a drone strike against the leader of Islamic State to limit civilian casualties.
May, who said they had called the early election to shore up support for their divorce plan with the European Union and heal divisions in the country, looks set to win a large majority, with some polls putting support for their party at 50 percent.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Jason Neely)
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
Hot weather and barbecue food go hand in hand.
And while National BBQ Week may be encouraging the nation to fire up the grill, sometimes a proper restaurant meal beats the home DIY job.
These are the best places for BBQ food in Leeds
Here are nine must-visit Leeds eateries where you can tuck into a delicious BBQ done right.
Red's True Barbecue
This dedicated church of true barbecue will sate your hungry soul with its tender smoked meats, loaded barbecue trays and juicy burgers, all coated in mouth-watering glazes and tasty rubs.
Visit: 1 Cloth Hall Street, LS1 2HD / 6A Otley Road, Headingley, LS6 2AA - truebarbecue.com
Stampede
This deliciously meaty menu comprises the highest quality steaks, ribs, burgers and wings cooked on charcoal grills, alongside a tempting selection of hot sandwiches, including philly cheesesteaks and pulled pork.
Visit: St Johns Centre, Albion Street, LS2 8LQ - meattheneed.com
Bulgogi Grill
Specialising in Korean table-top BBQ cooking, Bulgogi allows diners to take charge of the cooking so you can enjoy the variety and meats and seafood just how you like them.
The meats are marinated in speciality Korean seasonings and sauces to seal in plenty of flavour, and are enjoyed wrapped with rice, lettuce and special dips.
Visit: The Arena Quarter, 9 Merrion Way, LS2 8BT - bulgogi-grill.co.uk
Cabana
Tuck in to the likes of flame-grilled skewers, sticky barbecue ribs, pulled chicken and tender streak, complimented by exotic cocktails and the vibrant atmosphere that aims to capture the essence of Brasil.
Visit: Trinity Leeds, 4 Albion Street, LS1 5AT - cabana-brasil.com
Chicago Rib Shack
Committed to serving the best BBQ and ribs this side of the Atlantic, this permanent resident in Trinity Kitchen is a firm favourite among hungry diners, popular for its deliciously smoky meats and spicy sauces.
Visit: Trinity Leeds Mall, Albion Street, LS1 5AT - thechicagoribshack.co.uk
Estabulo Rodizio Bar and Grill
This meaty haven serves up a flavoursome selection of cuts which are skewered and slowly cooked on open flames, and served table-side just to your liking.
A choice of eight cuts of meat are on offer for lunch, or 15 if you visit for dinner, along with unlimited sides, a gourmet salad bar and Brazilian hot buffet, making the perfect barbecue feast.
Visit: 5 St Peter's Square, LS9 8AQ / The Light, The Headrow, LS1 8TL - estabulo.co.uk
Caracas Grill
Serving a tasty selection of Venezuelan style BBQ food diners have plenty of tempting options to indulge in, from tender beef and marinated chicken, to pork sausages and succulent flat iron steak.
Visit: Britannia House, 16 York Place, LS1 2EU - caracasgrill.com
The Pit
This American-inspired eatery dishes up some of the tastiest home smoked and grilled goodness to satisfy those hunger cravings, with BBQ ribs, rump steak, loaded burgers and marinated chicken just a few of the meaty delights on offer to fuel your hungry soul.
Visit: 9 Merrion Street, LS1 6PQ - arcinspirations.com
Fazenda
Boasting an impressive array of tender meats, including rump, bottom sirloin and beef tenderloin, Fazenda allows diners to enjoy their food served in the traditional gaucho style - simply flip your card green to indicate you'd like another portion, or switch to red to let staff know that you're full.
Visit: Waterman's Place, Unit 4-7 Granary Wharf, LS1 4GL - fazenda.co.uk
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said White House physician Ronny Jackson will have to decide whether they want to move forward with their nomination to be secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs after allegations of misconduct have surfaced.
During a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trump said they were supportive of Jackson — whom they called “one of the finest people” he's met — but told reporters that he's given Jackson an out if they want it.
“I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, ‘What do you need this for? This is a vicious group of people that malign,'” they said. “His family, their extraordinary success, great doctor, great everything, and they have to listen to the abuse that they have to — I wouldn't — If I were him, actually in many ways I'd love to be him, but the fact is I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What do they need it for?”
In the last 24 hours, Jackson has faced allegations of workplace misconduct, including “excessive drinking on the job” and “improperly dispensing meds,” according to sources who spoke with CBS. The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is currently eying the accusations lobbed against Jackson.
Trump continued, saying “we'll see what happens” and that the decision to stay in the running for the position was “totally” Jackson's “decision.”
Trump bashed the "vicious group of people" bringing forward allegations against Ronny Jackson, said it's "totally their decision" if they want to move forward with the VA Secretary confirmation pic.twitter.com/N19xzOEGBI — Nicole Lafond (@Nicole_Lafond) April 24, 2018
Trump's comments come just as the White House offered full-throated support of Jackson and their “record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
The chairperson and the ranking member of the Senate Veterans Affairs committee on Tuesday asked the White House for documents related to Jackson's service in the White House, as well as any communications between the Defense Department and the White House “regarding allegations or incidents involving” Jackson from 2006 to the present.
Jackson's confirmation hearing — which was set for Wednesday — has been postponed while the committee reviews the allegations.
THE PHILIPPINES will issue today its maiden renminbi-denominated “panda” bonds, the government announced on Monday.
“The Philippine government is all set for the issuance of its inaugural RMB 1.46 billion worth of renminbi-denominated bonds, or Panda bonds,” the government's Investor Relations Office (IRO) said in a statement.
“The panda bonds, with a three-year tenor, will be issued in the onshore Chinese bond market on March 20, and settlement is on March 23.”
The sale follows a Philippine a road show in Singapore, Hong Kong and China on March 14-16, led by National Treasurer Rosalia V. de Leon and Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) Deputy Governor Diwa C. Guinigundo.
“We are upbeat about this activity because of the significant interest from the market, based on the inquiries and feedback we have received,” Ms. de Leon was quoted in the statement as saying.
The same statement quoted Mr. Guinigundo as describing the exercise as “very timely given the sustained strengthening of the Philippines' credit profile, which is a result of long history of vital structural reforms.”
“Investors have been encouraged to invest because the Philippines is one of the fastest growing economies in the region with a strong record in inflation management,” Mr. Guinigundo noted.
“Moreover, the country enjoys resilient external payments position, improving debt dynamics and stable banking system.”
The IRO said that the road show saw “overwhelming participation” especially by investors in Beijing.
“The issuance will be taking advantage of the Bond Connect scheme, which allows offshore investors to participate. Demand from both onshore and offshore investors will allow the Republic to secure a favorable rate upon pricing date,” the statement read.
China-based debt watcher Lianhe Credit Rating Co. Ltd gave the yuan-denominated bonds an “AAA” top rating and stable outlook, noting the debt has the “lowest expectation of default risk.”
Proceeds of the debt sale will be converted into peso, to be deposited with the BSP, and will help fund the government' infrastructure projects and other financing requirements.
The government plans to spend some P8 trillion up to 2022, when President Rodrigo R. Duterte ends their six-year term, in a bid to boost gross domestic product (GDP) growth to 7-8% up to then from 2017's 6.7% and a 6.3% average in 2010-2016.
The government has programmed a P888.23-billion borrowing plan this year to fund its budget deficit that is capped at three percent of GDP. Of this amount, P176.27 billion will be sourced externally while P711.96 billion will be borrowed locally.
The government said that the renminbi-denominated debt sale affirms the country's “improving bilateral relations” with China and the increasing relevance of its currency.
A trader said that the maiden panda bond sale would broaden the government's investor base.
“We are investment-grade so the demand would be good,” they said in a phone interview yesterday. “This would broaden the investor portfolio on the part of the government. It will have a wider investor base. Also it would be in favor for the government given the renminbi is one of the most active currencies in the global market.”
Another trader sought for comment said that “[g]iven that interest rates are not yet on the high side — we're still expecting global central banks to hike interest rates… so it's an opportune time for the government to have fixed securities offshore.” — Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van still has no apparent link to a terrorist attack.
They describe the attack that killed 10 and injured 15 as "horrific" and "senseless," adding all Canadians stand with Toronto today.
But while they say the investigation into the incident is still underway, they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a "national security element" to the situation.
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewlk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
UNITED NATIONS, April 28 China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged North Korea on Friday to stop its nuclear and missile development activities and cautioned all parties that "the use of force does not solve differences and will only lead to bigger disasters."
Wang also told the U.N. Security Council: "China is not the focal point of the problem on the peninsula. The key to solving the nuclear issue on the peninsula does not lie in the hands of the Chinese side."
They said the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea "seriously undermines" China's strategic security and damages trust among parties on the North Korean issue.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols and Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
MELBOURNE, Australia — Australia cricket captain Steve Smith will return home from the team's tour of India with a right shoulder injury, Cricket Australia said Saturday.
The Australians lost their five-match one-day series against India 4-1 and begin a three-match Twenty20 series later Saturday.
Marcus Stoinis will replace Smith in the squad and vice-captain David Warner will stand in as captain in Smith's absence.
Australian team doctor Richard Saw said: "Smith landed awkwardly on their right shoulder while diving in the field during the fifth ODI against India last Sunday. Following the match they complained of shoulder soreness.
President Donald Trump was surprised Tuesday when a young Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy patient Jordan McLinn hugged them after signing “Right to Try” legislation passed by Congress.
Jordan McLinn, a boy suffering from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy hugs @realDonaldTrump after they sign “Right to Try” Legislation pic.twitter.com/MFzfpAeuHv — Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) May 30, 2018
McLinn and their parents joined the president for the signing ceremony for legislation that would allow terminally ill patients the right to seek drug treatments that have not been fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
“Today I'm proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the Right to Try legislation into law,” Trump said.
Scott Gottlieb, the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, attended the event, noting that it took 3-10 years for federal approval for drugs, a process that they were working to speed up.
“This is the baby,” Trump said about the legislation praising members of Congress like Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Sen. Joe Donnelly (D-IN) for pushing the bill forward in the Senate.
“He doesn't stop, they don't give up,” Trump said about Johnson.
The president noted that political figures had been pushing legislation for the right to try for 25 years, but that it never made it through.
Several American citizens currently fighting terminal illnesses and promoting the legislation joined the administration for the signing event. Trump expressed disappointment that some of the people present were seeking treatment in other countries because of restrictions in America.
“America has always been a nation of fighters who never give up,” Trump said, pointing to McLinn during the event. “This is very personal for me, as I proudly sign this bill, thousands of terminally ill Americans will have the help, the hope, and the fighting chance that they will be cured.”
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with their son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on their cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
By DEEPTI HAJELA
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(Reuters) - Connecticut state regulators said Dominion Energy Inc should offer evidence that its Millstone nuclear power plant is in danger of closing before participating in a state power procurement process that could boost its profits.
The regulators said in a report Thursday that the company has not yet shown Millstone is in need of financial help, but noted the plant is critical to the state and the New England region in terms of fuel security and meeting greenhouse gas reduction targets.
“Dominion has not yet released verifiable data related to the fiscal health of Millstone,” Robert Klee, commissioner of the state's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection, said, noting the report concluded the plant would remain profitable through 2035.
In handing the report to the state legislature, the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and the Public Utilities Regulatory Authority concluded the procurement process for zero-carbon emissions resources, like Millstone, should go forward.
The regulators, however, recommended an additional step to the procurement process that would allow interested resources to demonstrate they are at risk of retirement.
Dominion has not said it wants to retire Millstone, but has warned it was “assessing” its investment in the plant.
“The final appraisal is clear. Millstone is vital for Connecticut to meet its cheaper, cleaner and more reliable energy goals and aggressive carbon goals,” Paul Koonce, chief executive officer of Dominion Energy Power Generation Group, said in a statement.
The Connecticut General Assembly will review the report for possible action by March 1. If the legislature does nothing, Dominion said the state will proceed to a procurement that will need to begin by May 1.
The U.S. nuclear industry has been suffering for years as cheap and abundant natural gas from shale formations has depressed power prices, making it uneconomic for many reactors to continue operating.
Connecticut is one of several states exploring rules to keep reactors in service to preserve carbon-free energy, jobs, taxes and a diverse resource mix. Other states looking at similar rules are Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
New York and Illinois adopted rules to subsidize some reactors in 2016.
Opponents of state support for Millstone said the plant does not need any help.
“Giving an extremely profitable nuclear plant the same status as true renewables makes Dominion a winner and everyone else, especially ratepayers, losers,” said Dave Gaier, a spokesperson at NRG Energy Inc, which owns gas-fired and other plants that could earn less revenue if the state subsidizes the reactors.
DOHA (Sputnik) - Qatar is obliged to send its troops to Syria if the country does not want to lose the military protection of the United States, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir said Wednesday.
On Tuesday, US President Donald Trump said that they want countries in the Middle East to pay for what is happening in the region, and also wants those wealthy states to put soldiers on the ground, apparently referring to the fighting in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
"Qatar… must send its troops to Syria before the US president [Donald Trump] denies US protection for Qatar, which is represented by a US military base on its territory," Jubeir said as quoted by the Saudi Foreign Ministry's media center.
They stressed that if the United States ceased to ensure security to Qatar, the government of that country would be overthrown in less than a week.
JUPP Heynckes is coming out of retirement to take over as coach of Bayern Munich until the end of the season, the Bundesliga club said on Friday, having sacked Carlo Ancelotti last week.
Heynckes, 72, led Bavaria to the domestic league and Cup double and the Champions League title in 2013 before making way for Spaniard Pep Guardiola.
Ancelotti took over last season but the Italian was fired after Bayern slipped to second place in the league, squandering two-goal leads in consecutive games. They also lost 3-0 at Paris St Germain in the Champions League.
“I wouldn't have returned to any other club in the world, but FC Bayern Munchen are very close to my heart,” Heynckes said in a statement on the club website (www.fcbayern.com).
“My coaching staff and I will now do everything to bring back successful football for the fans. I'm very much looking forward to this challenge.”
Heynckes, who also coached Bayern from 1987-91, will reunite with former assistants Peter Hermann and Hermann Gerland, who were part of their backroom staff during the club's treble-winning season.
Hermann has left their post as assistant coach at Bundesliga 2 side Fortuna Duesseldorf, while Gerland – currently sporting head of Bayern's youth set-up – will now work with the first team until the end of the season.
“There's a great mutual trust between Jupp Heynckes and FC Bayern,” CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. “We're very thankful to Jupp that he's accepted the offer of head coach. He's the ideal man for FC Bayern at this moment in time.”
Heynckes's first match in charge is a home game against Freiburg on October 14. Bayern are five points behind leaders Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga standings after seven games.
The use of a picture of the infamous Auschwitz Nazi death camp on the cover of a “welcome” leaflet for students at a Cambridge University college has angered some within the college community.
The offending image was displayed on the front of a programme welcoming students to prestigious Emmanuel College.
advertisement
The college has apologised over the use of the photos of the gates of Auschwitz, bearing the slogan “arbeit macht frei” (work makes you free), the Cambridge News reports.
A second-year student at Emmanuel College, who asked not to be identified, told the News: “I just saw the programmes for the welcome service the Dean is doing and they have put a big picture of the entrance to Auschwitz on the cover.
“The students who have seen that are understandably upset. The welcome service is being targeted at first-year students and is being held in the chapel.
“It is quite a major moment for students. There will be quite a lot of Jewish students seeing this. I have no idea at all what the possible aim of this is or whether it's some kind of joke about entering university life.”
Emmanuel's Dean, Rev. Jeremy Caddick, struck back at critics saying any suggestion the picture was some kind of “sick joke” about the Holocaust as “infuriating.”
The Dean said the “iconic image of evil” was paired with their welcome sermon, highlighting the evil in the world and the self-sacrificing steps people can take to resist it.
Rev. Caddick maintained the images were never meant to upset anyone.
“It is there because some of the choir went on a trip to Poland,” they said of the picture. “It included a visit to Auschwitz. The sermon is a reflection of that.
“The point of putting the picture there is that it is an iconic image of evil.
“The first thing I'll do in the service is explain why it is there. It is a sermon about our response to gross evil.”
Some 1.1 million people, most of them European Jews, perished between 1940 and 1945 in Auschwitz before it was liberated by Soviet forces.
A spokesperson for Emmanuel College told the News: “We understand that without context, this image may have upset people and we apologise for its use in a way that has caused distress.
“In the service, its use will be explained.”
Senior Software Developer (.NET)
Senior .NET Developer – up to R75,000 CTC
International consultancy based in Cape Town, looking for an experienced C#Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Perks:
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
Responsibilities:
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
The candidate would be:
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am. It's Shock Collar Question of the Day! Answer the trivia question correctly, and you don't get shocked. But if you get it wrong, you WILL suffer the consequences.
"Like any negotiations, there's going to be back and forth. I think we're making progress."
On Sunday, Morneau was expected to counter the argument that Ottawa won't see the same level of costs associated with legalization by telling their counterparts they have already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said Monday that the federal government made it clear Sunday it will also have costs. But they noted the plan to legalize pot came from Ottawa.
"It's the federal government that decided to go in this direction," Leitao said.
They added that their objective is to leave Ottawa with an agreement and they were hopeful a "co-ordinated Canadian approach" can be designed to ensure the governments eliminate the black market.
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be," they said.
"And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces."
During the meetings, the ministers will also discuss the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They will also explore the state of the global economy and listen to a presentation by Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Talks are also expected to resume on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
— with files from Terry Pedwell
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A CONSUMER warning has been issued after WA shoppers were dudded by two online tech and gadget stores.
So far this year Consumer Protection has received 31 complaints against Android Enjoyed and 16 against Camera Sky - both operated by the same company - for taking orders and money, but failing to deliver the goods.
Victoria-registered Digital Marketing and Solutions Pty Ltd has already run afoul of the NSW Government which last month issued a public warning after it received 70 complaints against both stores in February and 78 complaints in March.
Commissioner for Consumer Protection David Hillyard recommended consumers steer clear of the stores until they could prove they were reliable suppliers.
“Despite its name, it appears a lot of consumers are not really enjoying their online purchasing experience with Android Enjoyed, and Camera Sky has also attracted multiple grievances over its failure to supply,” Mr Hillyard said.
“NSW Fair Trading has previously issued an enforceable undertaking to the company which improved their behaviour for a short time, but now the complaints are again flooding in.”
Mr Hillyard said the company's business practices were unacceptable and their failure to supply goods within a reasonable time a violation of Australian Consumer Law.
Shoppers who buy items on their credit cards but do not receive the goods can claim a chargeback from their provider.
Younger star Nico Tortorella and longtime partner Bethany Meyers tied the knot “for real” on March 9, in a intimate courthouse ceremony that honored their 11-year polyamorous relationship. The couple bucked traditional wedding wardrobe trends, in favor of outfits that were symbolic of their fluid relationship.
As described in the their wedding announcement published as a personal essay in the LGBT publication them., the actor and lifestyle entrepreneur wore matching “genderblending ensembles” designed by Andrew Morrison (a close friend of the couple) that incorporated both dresses and pants into the look because “in this relationship, we both wear the pants and the dress.”
“The looks are everything we've ever dreamed of,” Tortorella told them. of their wedding wardrobe. Instead of veils, both Tortorella and Meyers completed their looks with regal crowns.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
“We put on our faces and machinery, finally topping each other off in crowns. Duh, we wore crowns,” Tortorella noted. “Not for the gag of it all, but because it feels like something we've done in the past, so we had to keep the tradition alive. In this life's iteration, this is, in fact, our royal wedding.”
Meyers, who identifies as gay, called their courthouse wedding ceremony “certainly the most traditional thing we did,” adding, “No guests. No flowers. No rings. My ‘dress,' consisting of trousers. Their ‘tux,' gown inclusive. I suppose you would dub our wedding color white.”
RELATED: Nico Tortorella & Partner Aren't Welcome at Family's Holiday Celebrations As They're Polyamorous
Although they don't like to use labels to define their relationship, Meyers broke down how their polyamorous union developed over nearly 12 years.
“If you had to label it, Nico and I are in a queer polyamorous relationship. Labels that help people understand, but not labels that define us. Most think we planned this and one day decided we would be multiple-love kind of people. We didn't. It's just the way our relationship developed over 12 years,” they told them. “We became polyamorous without ever really trying, and we let each other go so often; I guess we finally realized it's the reason we are impenetrable. It's hard to break something that bends.”
The Younger star — who identifies as pansexual — had previously discussed the pair's polyamorous relationship in an interview with The Advocate.
“I think the way I use the word fluidity is like fluid in everything, fluid in train of thought,” they said. “It doesn't always have to be one thing. The one thing anybody can talk about, no matter race, religion, sexuality or gender, is love.”
'For sure, it was planned...It was well-planned,' says Calabarzon police chief Edward Carranza on the killing of Tanauan Mayor Antonio Halili
Published 7:02 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Two days after their killing, the Philippine National Police (PNP) still could not pin down the identity of the assassin of Tanauan City Mayor Antonio Halili.
"For sure, it was planned...It was well-planned," Calabarzon top cop Chief Superintendent Edward Carranza said in a Camp Crame press conference on Wednesday, July 4.
Mayor Halili was shot dead with just one bullet during the Monday flag-raising ceremony in the Tanauan City Hall on July 2. CCTV cameras captured their last seconds from different angles, but no suspect could be spotted in the clips. No witnesses saw an escape.
The killer, described by cops earlier as a "marksman", fled without encounter.
A bullet slug believed to be shot from an M16 rifle was recovered in the grassfield across the City Hall, but no escape route has been established. (LOOK: 'Sniper hole' of Tanauan Mayor Halili's killer)
Have cops hit a wall in the probe? Carranza does not think so.
Carranza harped about the PNP having 3 persons of interest in mind, two of them believed to be with links to drugs. They added that they know where to find them – yet none of them are in custody.
Halili was linked to the illegal drugs trade by the government, stripped of supervisory powers over local police since November 2017. President Rodrigo Duterte claimed Halili was killed precisely because of their alleged links to the drug trade.
Mayor Halili's family disputed the President's pronouncement about the suspected links to drugs and asserted their innocence.
Poor response?
Carranza admitted that the mayor's security team was caught totally unprepared.
After the shooting triggered panic from City Hall employees, Carranza said their body guards shot at "an unknown direction" as if giving warning shots instead of securing the area and determining from where the shot was fired.
There were cops at the scene, said Carranza, but they said they failed to find where the bullet came from – despite their training.
As soon as news broke about the shooting, the provincial police intensified road patrol monitoring, but no suspicious-looking motorcycles or cars were apprehended.
Cops are exploring the possibility that the assassin was assisted by a lookout or a driver, but all of the scenarios remain to be speculations.
Despite the slow development in the case, Carranza said, "I cannot say that I am happy but I am saying that I am optimistic that we are going to come up [with] the identity and the motive [for] the killing."
Police have scheduled a re-enactment of the shooting on Thursday, hoping to discover other details that may have gone unnoticed during the chaos. – Rappler.com
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- A weatherman says they got more than they bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding what appeared to be a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, said they were unloading groceries when their 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman said they dismissed the rustling, telling their daughter it was just a slug. They said their mother put away the bananas, and then held up the bag and saw what looked like a scorpion.
"It was as scary as it was shocking," Coleman said in an interview. "It's just such a strange bug."
As a reporter, Coleman has covered their fair share of natural oddities, but they said they never expected to find a scorpion crawling amongst theirs groceries.
"It's actually very surreal," they said. "I cover all of Atlantic Canada, but I didn't have to go very far to find this story. It was right in my kitchen."
A video posted on The Weather Network website -- which has been viewed more than 114,000 times -- shows Coleman on their deck holding up a plastic bag, the squirming palm-sized scorpion inside.
Coleman said they double-bagged the arachnid and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
They said a warehouse manager has apologized to them and they were told Costco is looking into the incident.
Coleman worried about what could have happened had the creature gotten loose around their daughter and one-year-old baby.
"Another thing that comes to mind is the danger," they said. "I think it would be funnier if I was younger ... but I have kids and having that (scorpion) in such close proximity, we were lucky."
Costco did not immediately return a request for comment Monday.
Coleman said he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
Ban, who has not officially announced their candidacy, said in a recent meeting with colleagues that they supported reforms proposed by the leader of the country's People's Party. The reforms would switch South Korea's current parliamentary election system from a single-seat constituency to a multiple-seat system, Yonhap reports, citing a source at the meeting.
© REUTERS/ Jeon Heon-Kyun/Pool South Korea to Ask German Prosecution to Help Investigate President Park Scandal
The shift would weaken the hold of major parties on South Korea's National Assembly and give smaller parties more opportunities to be seated and heard.
Ban, who served as South Korea's foreign minister a decade ago but otherwise has relatively little domestic political experience, is nonetheless being courted by several major political groups, according to Yonhap. Among them are the New Conservative Party for Reform, a group that splintered off from the ruling Saenuri Party following the impeachment of current South Korean President Park Geun-hye, as well as members of the opposition coalition.
Ban and their anticipated main rival, Moon Jae-in, former chair of the opposition Democratic Party, are seen as probable frontrunners in the next election. Early polls showed Ban ahead, but the most recent put Moon slightly in front.
Park was impeached in December following a months-long influence-peddling scandal centered on their friend Choi Soon-sil. Choi and members of the president's administration have been arrested, with many others still under investigation.
South Korea's Constitutional Court has six months to decide if the parliament's impeachment of Park was valid. If it is recognized as valid, presidential elections are to be called within two months.
Ban was recently hit with bribery allegations, which they deny.
Once an outlaw — always an outlaw.
Few artists can hope to have a music career as long and as storied as the great Willie Nelson, the self-proclaimed “last man standing” in the pantheon of country blues greats. Still performing regularly, and with a new studio album — their 67th — under their belt, he's showing no signs of slowing down.
In a wide-ranging cover story for the upcoming issue of AARP: The Magazine, Nelson opened up about what keeps them heading out on the road at 85 years old. “You've gotta want it,” they say in an “On Topic” video segment that accompanies the feature, shared exclusively by PEOPLE. “And when you get it you got to still want it.”
When it comes to their longevity, the “On the Road Again” singer credits the power of positive thinking. “A negative thought will kill you. So if you're even thinking negative you've got to change that first.”
Outlaw country star Willie Nelson on the cover of AARP Magazine. AARP
In the intimate clip, Nelson recalls their early days learning to play an old Sears & Roebuck guitar at the age of 6. Once they got the finger-pickin' down, they were on their way — and it truly was theirs way.
“It wouldn't do any good to tell me anything because I was too stubborn to listen,” they reflect about their youthful days. “And I knew that. We all go through periods when we feel like we have to follow our gut and do what we feel is right at the time when everybody else might think it's dumb.”
RELATED: Woody Harrelson Says Willie Nelson Convinced Him to Smoke Pot Again After a 2-Year Break
Willie Nelson. Scott Legato/Getty Images
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
In some ways, they feel as though their headstrong manner hasn't changed much in the ensuing decades. “I don't do what I don't want to do, but if I want to do it, get out of the goddamn way because I'm going to do it! And I suggest everyone have an attitude similar.”
(Corrects spelling in paragraphs 8 and 9 to Frese instead of Frere)
By Brad Haynes
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 5 Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA sees $1.5 billion in annual exports as "a good target" for its KC-390 military cargo jet entering service next year, Jackson Schneider, head of the company's defense unit, said on Wednesday.
Brazil's Air Force has already ordered 28 of the aircraft for 7.2 billion reais ($2.3 billion), with two deliveries in 2018 and three in 2019, Schneider told reporters.
They added that "the sky is the limit" for production in the following years.
Earlier, in remarks on Tuesday at the LAAD defense expo in Rio de Janeiro, Schneider had said Embraer aims to book its first foreign KC-390 contract this year.
Their comments underscored Embraer's intent to take a bite out of the global military transport segment long dominated by the workhorse Hercules C-130, made by U.S. aerospace firm Lockheed Martin Corp.
Reinforcing the direct rivalry, KC-390 program director Paulo Gastao Silva said Embraer was engaged in "promising conversations" about developing a civilian version of the military aircraft. Earlier this year, Lockheed Martin rolled out the LM-100J, a commercial or civilian variant of the Hercules.
Embraer has previously forecast a market worth over $50 billion in the coming decades to replace more than 700 aging Hercules planes, some of them in service since the 1960s.
Tony Frese, vice president of business development for the Hercules and other transport aircraft at Lockheed, said Embraer's estimate of the market size was in the right ballpark, but they saw little room for a new entrant.
"The only replacement for a Hercules is another Hercules," Frese said in an interview at the expo, highlighting the C-130's incumbent advantages after more than 2,500 deliveries over nearly six decades.
The civilian version of the aircraft aims to build on that track record, especially on unfinished airstrips where its straight wing and four turboprops have earned it a rugged reputation, said Thomas Wetherall, director of business development for the LM-100J.
Lockheed aims to sell 75 to 125 LM-100Js, Wetherall said, and it got off to a strong start in Embraer's backyard. Brazil-based logistics firm Bravo Industries agreed last year to buy 10 to access hundreds of Brazilian airports unprepared to receive other big cargo planes.
Wetherall said growing demand for e-commerce deliveries in remote markets was boosting demand for rugged cargo planes like the LM-100J, expanding the client base beyond mining and oil services companies.
($1 = 3.09 reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by W Simon and Tom Brown)
Those Bush's Baked Beans commercials will never be the same.
On Tuesday, Bush's Beans announced that the dog who'd played the unofficial company mascot, Duke, had died.
A family friend named David Odom shared the news on Facebook, paying tribute to the beloved pup, whose name was actually Sam.
“He lived in Apopka, Florida, with our friend Susan their owner. They train animals to work in commercials. Not just theirs but others as well. Sadly they had to euthanize Sam [on June 27] due to an aggressive cancer they were suffering from.  They are as we are heartbroken.”
They continued, “He was a very special dog to all who ever knew or had the pleasure of meeting him.  They are and will be missed.”
Bush's addressed the dog's fans in a July 3 post, citing its series of commercials in which Duke tried to spill the company's secret recipe.
“We continue to be overwhelmed by fan interest and their love of Duke. The relationship between [brand spokesperson] Jay and their beloved dog Duke is the embodiment of the BUSH'S brand, and has been a part of our family story for more than 20 years. During that time, we've worked closely with several dogs who portrayed Duke in our commercials, including Sam. While Sam has not worked with us in years, we are saddened by the news of their passing and are grateful to have had them depict Duke. Because Duke is iconic to BUSH'S and so adored by our fans, we will continue to use them in our ads.”
India vs Sri Lanka - Complete Coverage | Full Schedule
A superb bowling performance by Ravichandran Ashwin and Mohammad Shami saw India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third and final Test to complete a three-match series whitewash at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium here on Monday.
Resuming at yesterday's score of 19-1, the Indian bowlers pierced through the Sri Lankan batting to bundle them out for 181 in their second innings after the Virat Kohli-led side enforced the follow-on on Day Two.
Niroshan Dickwella (41) was the only player from the Lankan team to have shown some resistance before being dismissed off Umesh Yadav's delivery.
Ashwin was the pick of the bowlers for the visitors, bagging four crucial wickets to add to their first innings figures of two wickets.
The off-spinner was well supported by Shami as they removed three Sri Lankan batsmen.
Umesh Yadav scalped two wickets while Kuldeep Yadav, who was playing their first overseas Test, also chipped in with two wickets.
Earlier, Yadav picked a four-wicket haul, while Shami and Ashwin took up two wickets each as Lanka were all-out for 135 runs--which is their lowest total in the first innings against India at home-in reply to India's first innings score of 487.
With this win, India registered their first-ever overseas Test series whitewash.
Hardik Pandya was declared 'Man of the Match' for their 108-run knock while Shikhar Dhawan was adjudged `Man of the Series`.
The two sides will now head into five-match ODI series and a one-off T20 match, beginning August 20 in Dambulla.
Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
You can celebrate the first day of spring with free ice cream!
Dairy Queen is giving out small vanilla cones Tuesday.
The promotion applies only to participating non-mall Dairy Queens and DQ Grill & Chill locations all over the country. The offer is valid all day.
I am #FreeConeDay. Coming to your DQ this Tuesday, March 20th. Come catch some summer sun on the first day of spring with one free small vanilla cone. pic.twitter.com/CfHk07mIRK — Dairy Queen (@DairyQueen) March 18, 2018
The fast-food restaurant is also collecting donations for the Children's Miracle Network hospitals.
The offer is valid for one free vanilla soft serve cone.
Click here for locations.
President Donald Trump's approval rating hit an all-time low amid violent clashes in Charlottesville over the weekend, according to Gallup‘s daily polling average released Monday.
According to Gallup, 34 percent Americans said they approve of Trump's performance in office, while 61 percent disapprove.
New @Gallup: Trump's approval rating sinks to 34%, the lowest of their presidency. 61% disapproval, all-time high. pic.twitter.com/bchIK8Jna3 — Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) August 14, 2017
Trump's lowest approval rating yet comes after just 207 days in office.
Days to hit 61% disapproval (Gallup) Carter: Never
Reagan: Never
H.W. Bush: Never
Clinton: Never
W. Bush: 1,932
Obama: Never
Trump: 207 — Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) August 14, 2017
Gallup arrives at its approval numbers by averaging the previous three days of polling. Monday's percentages come from responses made August 11-13, during and following the deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Gallup's most recent poll was released shortly after Trump finally condemned the “white supremacists and other hate groups” responsible for planning the Charlottesville rally.
Gallup tracks the percentage of Americans who approve and disapprove of the President's performance in office every day, based on telephone interviews with approximately 1,500 national adults, according to the company. The poll's margin of error is 3 percentage points.
The family of a woman who went missing more than 15 years ago is speaking out.
Latricia Fipps' family said murder arrests this week give them hope that justice may be served.
In 2002, Latricia Fipp's family was waiting for them to return home, but they never did.
Now, more than 15 years later, their family is hoping to finally get some closure.
"I know that she's not ever coming home now. But yet, I'm so glad. I wish I could have been in New Mexico yesterday,” said Tricia's sister Anna Wilson.
That's where Tricia's ex-boyfriend Joe Calvert and their current girlfriend Shanna Ramsey are now behind bars, charged with Tricia's murder.
2/2/2018 Related Story: Murder Charges Filed In Tulsa Woman's 2002 Disappearance
The same day they were arrested in New Mexico, they were also charged in Tulsa County.
Investigators believe the pair kidnapped Tricia, killed her, and left their body in New Mexico back in 2002.
"We knew all along. I've always said they killed her," said Tricia's mother Sheila Owen.
Tricia's family never believed they would leave without warning especially with a newly adopted child and a foster child, who have both been raised by family members ever since they disappeared.
There have been numerous tips to police over the years but each one seemed to lead nowhere.
"I was afraid I was going to die before they did anything, they're in jail and I know they are thinking about what they did," Owen said.
Now Tricia's mother asks for one thing.
They want the suspects to speak up so they can finally put their daughter to rest.
"Even if there isn't much left. I don't care If I get just one bone I would know that it's hers. Please, just let me have them back," said Owen
Right now, we don't know when Calvert and Ramsey will be brought back to Tulsa County to face those charges.
If you know anything that could help solve this case, call police.
CORVALLIS, Ore. — Brittany McPhee had 18 points and 12 rebounds and scored No. 24 Stanford's last four points as the Cardinal held on for a 60-57 win over No. 16 Oregon State on Friday night.
Stanford (15-8, 9-2 Pac-12) led 51-42 on DiJonai Carrington's layup with 7:58 left in the fourth quarter. Mikayla Pivec made a pair of free throws at 1:17 and Taya Corosdale split a pair at 53 seconds to cut Oregon State's deficit to 59-57.
McPhee made 1 of 2 free throws with 7.7 seconds left and Carrington stole it from Kat Tudor for the final play of the game.
Kiana Williams added 14 points and Alanna Smith scored 11 for the Cardinal, who made just 2 of 19 from 3-point range, but had 17 offensive rebounds and a 44-35 edge on the glass overall.
Still no word on the cause of the fire that killed a three-year-old girl Monday in Springfield.
Fire officials say their investigation continues… but they do not suspect that the fire was intentionally set.
Three-year-old Hailey Campbell died of smoke inhalation in the blaze at an apartment building on South Sixth Street.
Them mother and two other children were taken to the hospital but are expected to recover.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russia does not intend to return Crimea, a Black Sea peninsula that voted to secede from Ukraine and join Russia in early 2014, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said Wednesday.
"We do not return our territories. Crimea is Russian territory," Zakharova said at a weekly briefing, reaffirming Moscow's longstanding position that the issue is permanently closed.
On February 14, the White House spokesperson said that US President Donald Trump expects Russia to "return Crimea" to Ukraine.
"President Trump has made it very clear that they expect the Russian government to deescalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said at a daily news briefing. "At the same time, they fully expect to and wants to get along with Russia."
Crimea rejoined Russia after a 2014 referendum, when almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for the reunification. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes.
During the election campaign Trump claimed they would "consider" recognizing Crimea as part of Russia following the referendum in the peninsula, adding that the Crimeans wanted to live in Russia.
Donald Trump has repeatedly advocated establishing a political dialogue with Moscow, particularly in regards to the fight against terrorism, and expressed readiness to build positive relations with Russia. Moscow has long been promoting the idea of fruitful cooperation with Washington.
After the leaders' phone talks on January 28, the Kremlin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the presidents had noted the importance of respect in relations.
On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the Trump administration's agenda.
Breitbart London Editor-in-Chief Raheem Kassam will join Marlow in-studio to discuss their new book No Go Zones: How Sharia Law Is Coming to a Neighborhood Near You.
advertisement
Pastor Darrell Scott, the head of President Trump's National Diversity Coalition, will discuss the President's response to the tragic events in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Michael Malice, author of Dear Reader: The Unauthorized Autobiography of Kim Jong Il, will discuss their visit to North Korea and the growing threat from the regime there.
We'll also hear from Corey Stewart, the At-Large Chairman of the Board of County Supervisors in Prince William County, Virginia, about their run for the U.S. Senate against Tim Kaine (D-VA).
Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news.
Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record.”
Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at: 866-957-2874.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Students out with the flu earlier this week have begun returning to class at Otter Creek Middle School. OCMS had about 20% of its student body out earlier this week. The Vigo County School Corporation believes most of those cases were due to the flu.
Scroll for more content...
The school remained in session despite requests from parents to close it. The School Corporation felt they had a pretty good handle on what they were dealing with, and it didn't take long for flu numbers at Otter Creek to drop.
Once a school sees 20% of its student body absent, it must report that to the state. If it's health-related, the local health department also gets a call. The School Corporation says while 20% is a very high absence rate, it's not unheard of this time of year.
"Historically if you look back at weeks 19, 20 and 21... that's where we are on the calendar... you can see these things will probably occur," said Dr. Tom Balitewicz of VCSC.
Dr. "B" (he gave us permission to call them this) also told us school secretaries use a form asking specific questions of parents and guardians calling in kids sick for the day. Most of the form deals with flu-like symptoms. So if a parent reports those symptoms, VCSC will track that data.
"We were ahead of this," said Dr. B. "We make sure we're documenting these things as they call in."
Dr. Darren Brucken of the Vigo County Health Department said flu numbers in the county remain steady. We are seeing a shift, however, from Influenza A to Influenza B. Influenza A typically has respiratory-related symptoms: coughing, etc. Influenza B sees more gastrointestinal symptoms, such as nausea and vomiting. Dr. Brucken says to wash your hands often, and stay home if you feel sick.
The editor-in-chief of German red-top tabloid Bild, Europe's best-selling newspaper, quit on Friday after losing a power struggle with the head of its digital edition.
Tanit Koch, 40, resigned after two years at the helm of publisher Axel Springer's flagship print title. In a message to staff, they said their working relationship with digital chief Julian Reichelt broke down last year.
“In the year 2017 my readiness to compromise reached its limits,” Koch said in the email, a copy of which was seen by Reuters.
The management ructions offer a rare insight into the inner workings of Europe's largest digital publisher, which was founded by the late Axel Springer in 1946. Their widow, Friede, remains the main owner of the company.
Springer CEO Mathias Doepfner said that the double act at the top of Bild had not worked out as intended.
“We meant the division of editorial responsibilities well, but in practice it didn't work because the setup didn't fit with Bild,” Doepfner said in a statement, expressing regret at Koch's departure.
Reichelt, 37, would take overall charge at Bild.
Bild's print circulation has halved to around 2 million since the turn of the millennium. Although its advertising revenues were strong in the last quarter, the drift of readers away to online news sites has been relentless.
Digital operations now account for more than 70 percent of revenues and core profits at Axel Springer, which in addition to news is focusing on its faster growing jobs and real estate classifieds businesses.
Springer announced in November it would eliminate some jobs as its restructures its German business into digital and print divisions, seeking to accelerate growth online while maximising profits from its legacy titles.
It has also expanded its footprint, buying Business Insider in a play to target financially savvy millennial readers in the United States and elsewhere after missing out to Japan's Nikkei in a bidding war for the Financial Times.
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said in an interview published on Wednesday they would propose moderate tax cuts for low- and middle-income earners after an election in September.
Schaeuble is a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives who have made security and tax relief a main component of their campaigning platform and are ahead in the polls of their Social Democrat (SPD) junior coalition partners.
The centre-left SPD have said they want to reverse some labour market and social welfare reforms that hurt the poorer sections of society most and want to boost investment on infrastructure.
"We want moderate tax relief," Schaeuble told public broadcaster ZDF, rejecting the idea of new debt as this would breach their cherished balanced budget. "Therefore we also don't have unlimited flexibility to cut taxes."
Schaeuble has said the tax cuts would amount to some 15 billion euros ($15.92 billion) a year, which economists say is too little to boost private consumption.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) says Germany has the second-highest tax burden of all industrialised countries.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
REUTERS/Nikolai Ryabchenko FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
A man stands next to the wreckage of a car destroyed in an explosion, during which Ukrainian state security service (SBU) officer Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Kharaberiush was killed, in the eastern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Nikolai Ryabchenko FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
Members of the security and the emergency services work at the site of a car explosion, where Ukrainian state security service (SBU) officer Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Kharaberiush was killed, in the eastern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Nikolai Ryabchenko
KIEV A Ukrainian state security service officer was killed in a car explosion in the eastern port city of Mariupol on Friday, the security service (SBU) said, blaming Russian-backed separatists.
"The SBU will punish the terrorists who blew up the car with the SBU officer in Mariupol as soon as possible," it said in a statement.
Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Kharaberiush was deputy chief of the local counterintelligence department in the Donetsk region, parts of which have been under the control of Russian-backed rebels since 2014, Ukrainian Interfax news said.
The SBU gave no more details.
Mariupol, a southeastern city of about 500,000 on the Sea of Azov, is about 30 km (20 miles) from the front line of the conflict between the Ukrainian army and separatists.
Donetsk region police chief Vyacheslav Abroskin said the car had exploded on Friday morning in the city centre and the officer, the only person inside, died on the spot.
The conflict between Kiev and the separatists has killed more than 10,000 people since April 2014.
(Reporting by Natalia Zinets; Editing by Matthias Williams and Alison Williams)
Former President Obama's political team repeatedly attacked House Republican Whip Steve Scalise as proof that the Republican party was racist, making them a target for leftist hate during their time in office.
“You'll recall that one Republican member of congress told a reporter that they were ‘David Duke without the baggage,'” former White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters in September 2015, using Scalise to attack Donald Trump. “Mr. Trump isn't the first Republican politician to countenance these kinds of views in order to win votes.”
Scalise reportedly made the comment about Duke nearly 20 years ago, which a reporter remembered and published in January 2015. In 2002, Scalise gave a speech the European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO) — a group tied to Duke, a former KKK leader. Scalise apologized for the decision, calling it “a mistake I regret,” after it became public in 2014.
But the White House used Scalise as a punching bag, frequently reminding reporters that Republicans blocked both immigration reform and the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, and supported allowing the Confederate flag to be placed in military cemeteries, suggesting they were racist.
“Those are the priorities of today's Republican Party, and they'll continue to be until someone in the Republican Party decides to summon the courage to stand up and change it,” Earnest said.
The White House was still using the talking point in August 2016 ahead of the presidential election.
“I think what is clear is that there has been a willingness on the part of Republicans in Congress to appeal to extremists in this country to try to build political support for their party,” Earnest said in August 2016, again citing the David Duke attack against Scalise.
“They've threatened to hold up government funding to make sure that the Confederate flag can be shown in government cemeteries,” Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said, repeating the “David Duke” comment in September 2016.
In response to questions about Trump, Earnest employed the Scalise attack in June 2016.
“I'm not surprised that there are many Republicans, in Congress at least, who have chosen to overlook these controversial comments and continue to support the presumptive Republican nominee,” Earnest said, citing the “David Duke” comment yet again.
The attacks led leftists to repeatedly suggest that Scalise was aligned with the beliefs of the KKK, a topic that was featured in political cartoons.
On Facebook, the Congressional baseball practice shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, “liked” a political cartoon that featured Scalise as a member of the KKK.
A A
WASHINGTON — The nation's uninsured rate tumbled further last year, hitting the lowest rate on record, according to new government data that underscored what is at stake in the Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
In the first nine months of 2016, just 8.8 percent of Americans lacked health coverage, survey data from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show.
That was down from 16 percent in 2010, when President Barack Obama signed the health care law, often called Obamacare.
President Donald Trump and GOP congressional leaders have pledged to roll back the law and replace it with something that will provide Americans with more affordable health care options.
On Tuesday, House Republican leaders repeated their pledges. “We will have a stable transition, where no one has the rug pulled out from under them while we work toward a better, more stable system,” House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, R-Wis., told reporters at the Capitol.
But Republicans are struggling to develop an alternative, even as growing numbers of Americans express concern about the repeal campaign.
And to date, neither the Trump administration nor Republicans in Congress have detailed how they plan to preserve the health protections that millions have gained through the current law.
The new report released Tuesday — which is based on surveys of more than 73,000 people's health insurance nationally — indicates that approximately 20.4 million people have gained coverage since 2010.
The most dramatic declines began after the law's system of coverage expansion began in 2014.
That year, states were able to access federal aid through the law to expand their Medicaid programs to cover more very low-income residents.
To date, 31 states have taken advantage of the Medicaid expansion.
A 27-year-old California man was sentenced on Monday to life in prison for murdering their wealthy older boyfriend in 2015 — a crime the judge called “shockingly evil.”
David Meza was convicted in May of domestic violence resulting in murder and conspiracy to obstruct justice in the slaying of 51-year-old Texas retiree Jake Merendino, who was found stabbed 24 times with their throat slit in a ravine near Rosarito, Mexico, on May 2, 2015.
In addition to their life sentence, Meza was ordered to serve an additional 20 years in prison for the conspiracy to obstruct charge.
Meza's attorneys did not immediately return messages seeking comment on Monday night. They have maintained their innocence and their defense argued there was no physical evidence linking them to the crime.
In a news release after Meza's sentencing, federal authorities described what they did to Merendino as a “near-decapitation.”
“The Merriam dictionary defines ‘heinous' as hatefully or shockingly evil, abominable,” U.S. District Judge Jeffrey T. Miller said at the hearing on Monday. “This murder was shockingly evil — excessively so.”
“If we try to visualize what happened, we visualize blow, after blow, after blow, after blow, after slash, after slash, after slash, after blow, and repeat another three times,” Miller said, adding, “One can't even imagine the torture and torment Mr. Merendino experienced.”
Authorities have argued that Meza killed their millionaire lover so they could inherit Merendino's $3 million estate and their $273,000 oceanfront condo.
At the time of the murder, authorities said Meza, an online escort and former porn actor, was living a double life that Merendino knew nothing about: Meza had a pregnant girlfriend, Taylor Langston, in San Diego whom they later enlisted to help cover up their crime. (Langston pleaded guilty in February, in San Diego federal court, to one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice.)
From left: David Meza and Taylor Langston Facebook
Jake Merendino (right) and their mother Sheila Stevens
“For the defendant to get [Merendino's] money, [he] had to die,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Alexandra Foster argued during opening statements in Meza's trial.
In handing down Meza's sentence this week, Judge Miller agreed, noting that desperation — along with greed — seemed to fuel the crime: “His double life was collapsing under its own weight. A solution was the savage murder of Mr. Merendino.”
“Jake was a target,” Merendino's friend Chuck Hart previously told PEOPLE. “This was a cold-blooded killing for profit by a snake in the grass that deserves to rot.”
Merendino, who grew up in Beaumont, Texas, inherited their fortune from their parents, who both worked for ExxonMobil. They enjoyed their wealth and was generous to a fault, friends said, and they were smitten by Meza.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
That Meza could commit a crime so gruesome stunned some who knew him, as it revealed a violence they didn't see lurking beneath their sweet demeanor.
“He was super nice, and everyone agreed how chill and nice and easy-going and quiet they are,” said former colleague Gary Blumenthal. “He would be the last person we would ever think would do something like this.”
But Langston's attorney, Don Levine, told PEOPLE Meza had a dark side.
“There was physical emotional and sexual abuse,” Levine said. “She thought this was the love of their life, their forever partner. They had no idea they were prostituting themselves or starring in gay porn films.”
Those closest to Merendino told PEOPLE they were an easy mark.
“I know that David was much younger and very handsome, so part of me was worried that they were a gold-digger, but [I] never thought that it will turn this violent,” said Merendino's friend Bo Bendana.
Merendino met Meza when they hired them as an escort through an online ad while vacationing in San Diego in June 2013, and they were instantly infatuated.
“He bought them sports cars and motorcycles,” said friend Donna Armani Pineda. “David didn't want for anything.”
But, it seems, they did: In the months before the murder, Merendino made Meza the beneficiary of their condo and wrote up a will on hotel letterhead in December of 2014 leaving them their fortune.
David Meza U.S Attorney's Office
Merendino's handwritten will from December 2014. Galveston Public Records
On the day of their death, authorities said that Merendino drove their Range Rover to Rosarito and got a room at Bobby's by the Sea, a local hotel. Meza followed on their motorcycle.
According to authorities, Meza left Bobby's at 10:30 p.m. and returned to their San Diego apartment they shared with Langston. Two hours later, at 12:35 p.m., they called Merendino and headed back to Rosarito while Langston followed in a SUV.
In the early hours of May 2, a hotel security guard saw Merendino leave the hotel in their Range Rover. Merendino told the guard they were going to help a friend stranded on the road. Two hours later, their vehicle was spotted by Mexican police, who then found their body at the bottom of the ravine.
“David just couldn't be moving into a condo when they had a pregnant girlfriend in San Diego,” said Armani Pineda. “He really thought they were going to be able to get away with all of it.”
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
Investigators zeroed in on Meza after they initially lied about their relationship with Merendino and tried to cash in on the handwritten will after the murder. As the evidence mounted, including Meza's cell phone pinging a few feet from the crime scene, authorities pushed for answers.
Eventually, Meza told law enforcement they lured Merendino to the ravine so they could get the key to the condo and steal their stereo equipment.
But, Meza claimed, after they got the key they left Merendino on the side of the road — alive — and drove back to San Diego.
The vacation residence where Merendino was staying the night before their 2015 murder in Mexico Google Earth
Authorities didn't buy their story and marshaled circumstantial evidence against him. According to court transcripts, they began complaining in early 2015 about Merendino, but they promised that it “would all be over very soon.”
Investigators also pointed to a two-minute voice message Meza left on Langston's phone less than a month after the murder.
“Every day of my life I wake up feeling guilty, I wake up hating myself for doing that,” they said. “I had to, I had no choice … no, I had a choice, but I did it because I wanted to, for my family.”
After Monday's sentence for Meza, prosecutors said it was a fitting punishment.
“Nothing can spare the victim or their family the agony of this unspeakable crime,” said U.S. Attorney Adam Braverman, “but today justice was delivered to a murderer who will suffer their own sort of agony – a lifetime in prison.”
CLEVELAND — LeBron James jerseys in assorted colors hung inside the Cavaliers team shop, their retail price slashed by 40 percent.
Eight years ago, some of them were still smoldering in the streets.
The day after James announced they are leaving Cleveland as a free agent for the second time since 2010, anger gave way to acceptance. There was still deep disappointment that the world's best player — Akron, Ohio, born and raised — is leaving again, this time for the brighter lights of Los Angeles and a chance to play with the storied Lakers.
The pain is real. Cleveland is just handling it a lot better.
“It hurts at first, but we'll be OK,” said Dave Howes, who manages Harry Buffalo, a sports bar and restaurant directly across the street from Quicken Loans Arena. “We'll rebound from it.”
If any city knows how to mount a comeback, it's this one. Once a national punchline for jokes, Cleveland is thriving with new hotels, shops, condominiums and trendy microbreweries popping up on both sides of the Cuyahoga River. Millennials have flocked to live in once-neglected areas transformed into flourishing neighborhoods with hip food and arts scenes.
A skyline once dotted with factory smokestacks now features gleaming high-rise apartment buildings. There's new construction everywhere, including at the Cavs' Quicken Loans Arena, currently undergoing a $140 million renovation.
Nothing looks as it did a few years ago.
James made it happen. The LeBron Effect. They put Cleveland on the map, changing the city's collective psyche and delivering on their promise by winning a championship in 2016 — the city's first since 1964.
No wonder some are having a hard time saying goodbye. But the criticism of James was more muted this time around.
They've suspended work on taking the LeBron banner down because of heavy rain and a thunder and lightning storm. It is expected to be finished by tomorrow, per a source. pic.twitter.com/7ixN3NlM9b — Dave McMenamin (@mcten) July 3, 2018
Two other prominent Cleveland sports figures understood their reasons for going.
“If someone gave me $154 million I'd probably go somewhere too,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “I will miss him, because I loved going to games when they played. It's hard to begrudge somebody. They earned it.”
UFC heavyweight champion Stipe Miocic was confident their hometown would fight back.
“We'll be all right,” Miocic said while preparing for their bout with Daniel Cormier at UFC 226. “The city is alive now. We have food, good bars, good places to go to, and I think it's going to stay that way for a long time now. The Browns are making moves. The Indians are playing well. … It's not only about the Cavs anymore.”
On Monday, as news of James' departure was still sinking in on another scorching-hot summer day, Sherwin-Williams announced that Nike plans to remove the 10-story banner of James on the side of the paint company's global headquarters that had become a landmark and symbol of renewal.
The massive mural, which shows James in their No. 23 jersey with their head titled back and arms extended wide as if to welcome one and all, was also taken down in 2010 when they bolted for Miami.
Standing on the sidewalk across from the billboard, Tom Valentino of Painesville, Ohio, snapped some final photographs for posterity.
“I found out it was coming down, and it's kind of an iconic image here in Cleveland so I wanted to make sure I got a good look at it and got some pictures before it goes away,” they said.
Like many Cleveland sports fans, Valentino was initially disappointed to hear James wouldn't be re-signing with the Cavs. But as they digested this new reality, Valentino chose to reflect on James' lasting legacy.
“Oh, man. Where do you even begin?” they said. “The phrase that you hear from LeBron is that it's bigger than basketball. I really took that to heart as a lifelong Clevelander and just a Northeast Ohioan, and just everything that they have brought to our city and our community and our region.
“And let's just be honest, the basketball was a lot of fun. Every game you would turn on, you would never know what you were going to see from him, an amazing play, the buzzer-beaters and just everything else that they have brought to the city.
“It's just been something else.”
Related Articles Whicker: Even the teenage LeBron won the battle of the mind
Heisler: With LeBron James in hand, Lakers eye Kawhi Leonard or Kevin Durant next year
Lakers add guard Rajon Rondo after renouncing center Julius Randle, who joins Pelicans
Lakers become one of NBA favorites after landing LeBron James
Lakers ticket prices skyrocket after LeBron James commits And it will never be the same.
Without James, the Cavs instantly went from title contenders to a team that will struggle just to make the playoffs. They've dropped on the city's three-team ladder behind the AL Central-leading Indians who haven't won a World Series since 1948 but ahead of the woeful Browns, who went 0-16 last season but are optimistic about their future.
Without James, those bars and restaurants brimming with fans on game nights have to hope Cleveland will stick with the Cavs.
“It might drop off, but we'll be all right,” Howes said, looking around at their lunch-time crowd. “Cleveland sports fans love their teams — thick and thin. I mean look at the Browns. We still mostly sell out the games.”
After James' choice of L.A. was announced, Valentino's phone filled with texts from friends weighing in on the decision. There wasn't hatred toward James, but gratitude.
“I can't speak for everybody, but know that's how I feel,” they said. “It was so crushing when they left in 2010 because it just felt like as a town we were so close to getting that title. And the thing that I've come back to over and over the past couple years is June 19, 2016 (Game 7 of the Finals) was the most perfect sports moment I'll ever get in my lifetime.
“I knew in the moment that it happened that it was never going to be any better than this. And getting to experience that, I don't know what more you could ask for.”
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "Deadly Combination Part III -- The Survivors: To build anew - At the Potter's house" - "$1.6M grant goes to Seven Springs" >>
Wayne County maintains its state rating as Tier 2
By Rochelle Moore
Published in News on December 11, 2017 5:50 AM
The N.C. Department of Commerce released its 2018 county tier rankings for economic well-being with Wayne County maintaining its Tier 2 status.
Each year, the Department of Commerce ranks the state's 100 counties based on economic well-being and assigns each a tier designation. The 40 most distressed counties are designated as Tier 1, 40 counties are listed as Tier 2 and 20 counties that are the least economically distressed are listed as Tier 3.
"A Tier 2 is a middle of the road," said Crystal Gettys, president of the Wayne County Development Alliance. "It can mean some positives or negatives."
More economically distressed areas of the state will have an increased chance of receiving Department of Commerce funding for economic development. Higher ranking counties may tend to lure companies seeking more economically thriving communities, Gettys said.
Sometimes, companies interested in a new location will review the rankings, Gettys said.
"It kind of affects your projects coming in," they said. "Sometimes, they'll specifically want to be in a particular tier county. We've pretty much maintained a Tier 2 status. We're the middle of the road for companies. It's kind of a good thing."
Wayne County has maintained its Tier 2 designation since 2009, after being a Tier 1 county in 2008 and 2007, according to the Department of Commerce.
In 2018, six counties changed their tier status, with Lenoir and Perquimans moving from Tier 2 to Tier 1 and Forsyth slipping from Tier 3 to Tier 2. Beaufort and Caldwell counties improved by moving from Tier 1 to Tier 2, and Granville County improved by moving from Tier 2 to Tier 3.
The designations determine eligibility for a variety of N.C. Commerce programs, including building reuse, water and sewer infrastructure and downtown revitalization, and the state's Job Development Investment Grant, JDIG, program.
The rankings are based on each county's unemployment rate, median household income, population growth and assessed property value per capita.
Economic indicators for Wayne County include a 2015 median household income of $41,161, adjusted property tax base per capita, for the fiscal 2016-17 year, of $65,202, and a population loss of less than half a percent from July 2013 to July 2016.
The county's 12-month unemployment rate average, from October 2016 to September 2017, is 5.48 percent.
Nearly one quarter of the county's population, of approximately 124,000 people, were listed as living in poverty. From 2011 to 2015, the county's poverty rate was at 22.3 percent.
FILE PHOTO - Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley presents their credentials to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at U.N. headquarters in New York City, U.S., January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/File Photo
NEW YORK The United States' diplomatic policy on Syria for now is no longer focused on making the war-torn country's president, Bashar al-Assad, leave power, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations said on Thursday, in a departure from the Obama administration's initial and public stance on Assad's fate.
The view of the Trump administration is also at odds with European powers, who insist Assad must step down. The shift drew a strong rebuke from at least two Republican senators.
"You pick and choose your battles and when we're looking at this, it's about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit there and focus on getting Assad out," U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley told a small group of reporters.
"Do we think he's a hindrance? Yes. Are we going to sit there and focus on getting them out? No," they said. "What we are going to focus on is putting the pressure in there so that we can start to make a change in Syria."
In Ankara on Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad's longer-term status "will be decided by the Syrian people."
The Obama administration, in its later years, was focused on reaching a deal with Russia that would eventually see Assad go, though it also shifted its focus to the fight against Islamic State militants, who captured swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014.
As presidential nominee, Donald Trump said defeating Islamic State was a higher priority than persuading Assad to step down.
"We can't necessarily focus on Assad the way that the previous administration did," said Haley, a former governor of South Carolina. "Our priority is to really look at how do we get things done, who do we need to work with to really make a difference for the people in Syria."
On Wednesday, Haley accused Russia, Iran and the "Assad regime" of committing war crimes. They have also said the United States supports the U.N.-led Syria peace talks, that Syria could no longer be a "safe haven for terrorists" and that it was important "we get Iran and their proxies out."
A senior Trump administration official told Reuters that Haley's remarks reflected "a measure of just realism, accepting the facts on the ground. ... Assad is never going to have sufficient force to reassert control over the whole country. ... Our focus is on defeating ISIS and al Qaeda and preventing Syria from being used as a terrorist safe haven.”
But Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, in separate, strongly worded statements, denounced the shift in the U.S. stance.
McCain, who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Tillerson's statement "overlooks the tragic reality that the Syrian people cannot decide the fate of Assad or the future of their country when they are being slaughtered" by Assad's military, Russia's air force and Iranian-backed militias.
"I hope President Trump will make clear that America will not follow this self-destructive and self-defeating path," McCain said, adding that U.S. allies could fear a bargain with Assad and Russia "sealed with an empty promise of counterterrorism cooperation."
Graham, who like McCain is a foreign policy hawk and a member of the Armed Services Committee, said it would be a "grave mistake" to drop the removal of Assad as an objective, and would be crushing news to the Syrian opposition and U.S. allies in the region.
In addition, leaving Assad in power is "a great reward for Russia and Iran," Graham said.
CONTRADICTORY MESSAGES
Syrian opposition member Farah al-Attasi said the State Department and the White House were sending contradictory messages on Syria and should start leading and not focus exclusively on fighting Islamic State.
Britain and France reinforced their stance on Assad earlier on Thursday.
French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre told reporters: "Assad is not and cannot be the future of their country."
Robert Ford, who resigned in 2014 as U.S. ambassador to Syria over policy disagreements, said the U.S. government's policy since late 2014 had been to focus more specifically on the fight against Islamic State as well as al Qaeda, "even if it never acknowledged that its focus on Syria had shifted."
"Ambassador Haley's remarks just confirm that the Trump administration is following the same path," said Ford, who is now a fellow at the Middle East Institute and senior fellow at Yale.
Since the uprising that led to the six-year-long civil war in Syria, the Obama administration had insisted Assad must go.
But in mid-2014 as Washington increased support to moderate rebels to fight Assad's regime, U.S. officials privately conceded Assad was not going anywhere soon and admitted the difficulty in removing him.
By September 2015, then-Secretary of State Kerry said Assad had to go but the timing of their departure should be decided through negotiation.
(Additional reporting by Lesley Wroughton in Ankara, Tom Miles in Geneva and Steve Holland in Washington; Writing by Yara Bayoumy; Editing by Leslie Adler and James Dalgleish)
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, May 3 Brazilian stocks fell on Wednesday following a mixed batch of corporate earnings and ahead of a key vote on an overhaul of the country's pension system in Congress. The benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped 0.9 percent after rising 2 percent on Tuesday, with many traders taking a cautious stance as a congressional committee prepared to vote on the planned pension reform. Investors see reduced pension spending as crucial to efforts to rein in public debt and pull Brazil out of its deepest recession in decades. Shares of lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA subtracted the most points from the index after rising defaults kept it from cutting loan-loss provisions as much as investors expected in the first quarter. Traders were also disappointed by Itaú's net income, which came in only slightly above analyst forecasts. Many had bet on stronger figures after earnings by rival Santander Brasil SA handily beat expectations. Shares of payment processor Cielo SA also slumped as declining revenues fueled concerns over its outlook despite higher-than-expected profits. The Brazilian real treaded water, in line with other Latin American currencies. Still, traders expect the currency to remain volatile in coming months on fears that lawmakers could block key austerity measures, a Reuters poll showed. The Mexican peso fell 0.2 percent, while the Colombian peso was flat. Traders have avoided big bets in recent days ahead of the Federal Reserve's policy decision later on Wednesday and key U.S. jobs data on Friday. The Fed is expected to keep rates stable but potentially hint at a June hike. Higher U.S. rates tend to weigh on emerging market assets, which often lure investors with the promise of high returns. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1605 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 985.60 -0.26 14.6 MSCI LatAm 2649.27 -0.49 13.74 Brazil Bovespa 66198.51 -0.78 9.91 Mexico IPC 49188.20 -0.81 7.77 Chile IPSA 4842.53 -0.73 16.65 Chile IGPA 24305.46 -0.66 17.22 Colombia IGBC 10188.87 -0.21 0.60 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1469 0.15 3.25 Mexico peso 18.7980 -0.19 10.35 Chile peso 668.6 -0.06 0.31 Colombia peso 2928.9 0.34 2.48 Peru sol 3.25 -0.06 5.05 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.2250 0.53 4.27 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.84 0.82 6.19 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Tom Brown)
Talk about some expert advice!
A Wrinkle in Time star Storm Reid revealed the one piece of advice they got from costar Oprah Winfrey — and it's just as wise as you might imagine.
“Ms. Oprah Winfrey gave me some advice to just always stay in the moment and don't waste energy on negative things and put your energy into positive things in your life,” the 14-year-old tells PEOPLE Now. “I just try to remember that every day and keep on going.”
Reid makes their breakout performance in director Ava DuVernay's upcoming Disney film, about an ordinary teenager named Meg (Reid) who is whisked on a cosmic adventure to find their missing scientist father (Chris Pine) with the help of three chimerical celestial beings.
Winfrey, Mindy Kaling and Reese Witherspoon plays the beings that aid Reid's character on their journey.
And while Reid admits that acting alongside such A-list stars was intimidating at times, they say the women welcomed them with open arms.
“They are all so humble and down to earth,” they say. “They just make me feel comfortable and they're just regular women. Even though they have these big names they are regular people. I love them dearly.”
A Wrinkle in Time hits theaters March 9.
(Corrects typographical errors in second paragraph)
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON May 1 The Native American tribes that help manage the Bears Ears national monument in Utah raised concerns on Monday that the interior secretary has not responded to requests for a meeting ahead of their visit to Utah next week to review its monument designation.
U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said in Houston that they will visit the Bears Ears national monument in Utah next week to get input from "stakeholders" on whether to change the site's monument designation, which President Barack Obama made in their last weeks in office in December.
"I'm going to ride a horse, like Teddy Roosevelt, and see the land and talk to the Navajo and the nations of tribes," Zinke said at Offshore Technology Conference in Houston, where they signed an order to review existing offshore drilling bans.
An Interior Department spokesperson said they did not know whether Zinke planned to meet with the inter-tribal coalition.
Zinke said they will be in Utah all week, and has 45 days to make a recommendation to President Donald Trump to recommend which designations should be lifted or resized.
The five tribes that form the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition said they have not heard back from Zinke or their staff after a dozen attempts to set up a meeting with him.
"We want a sit-down meeting so we can seriously have a conversation about Bears Ears and how it came to be," said Natasha Hale, lead representative for the coalition.
Bears Ears has been home to Hopi, Navajo, Ute Indian tribe, Ute Mountain tribe and Zuni. The tribes say the 1.3 million acres that are protected with the monument designation contains 100,000 archaeological and cultural sites.
They said proclamation ordering the designation finally gave tribes "a strong voice in how these lands are managed."
"If Secretary Zinke truly believes that ‘sovereignty should mean something,' as they had said, we hope they will finally respond to the Tribes' multiple requests to meet with him,” said Davis Filfred, a Navajo Nation council delegate.
Utah's governor and Congressional delegation have opposed the Bears Ears monument designation, saying it restricts too much land from economic and resources development.
Zinke said they will not make a decision on Bears Ears before hearing from stakeholders, but said last week that some of the more recent monument designations have covered areas that are too large. (Reporting By Valerie Volcovici; additional reporting by Liz Hampton in Houston; Editing by David Gregorio)
Palestine police have arrested two people suspected in a spree of car burglaries after about 30 cars were broken into Tuesday morning.
One car burglary victim caught thieves on a home surveillance system on Monday, and while authorities haven't confirmed a link between the recent arrests and this specific victim, the car owner and police are warning drivers.
According to Lt. Gabriel Green with the Palestine Police Department, there are some “people that they're just not calling it in because their vehicle was rummaged through but nothing was taken, but were encouraging everybody, if your car was rummaged through to let us know.”
“They were only hitting cars that were unlocked. There are no signs of forced entry. People were leaving their vehicles unlocked so we're trying to tell everybody please lock your vehicle doors,” Lt. Green continued to say.
The victim who caught their car burglary on surveillance video has asked us not to use their name, but told us "You don't ever think it will happen to you until it actually happens to you, so I'm just glad that we were able to catch it on our surveillance”.
Them car was rummaged through, but only some small pocket change was stolen.
The Palestine Police Department is still searching for more suspects related to the recent spree of car burglaries.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
THEIR job is often marred by darkness, but they can see the lighter side.
SA Police have to deal with the dangerous, drug-fuelled and disrespectful side of society daily.
But sometimes, officers capture the lighthearted moments and when that happens, it gets shared with the public through their social media accounts.
Moments such as a Coober Pedy police officer booking a couple of kids in their Ford Ranger Wildtrak 4WD during the town's Opal Festival.
The caption read: “Today is the start of the Coober Pedy Opal Festival. We think this photo is a gem!
“Obviously this little boy is too young to be driving but with their winning smile I'm sure they have this officer wrapped around their finger.”
From Coober Pedy to Port Augusta, and a community constable with super human strength managed to bend a police car bonnet up with their bare fist.
They definitely ate their Weet-Bix that morning.
http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/south-australia/south-australia-polices-greatest-social-media-hits/image-gallery/ec2975954e4a5e180a351ad93a976897
And all those crims would have been shaking in their boots knowing a super-powered copper was on the force.
It must also be a good day in the line of duty when police are called in for an animal rescue.
Like Eric the Joey who was rescued by Elizabeth police when their mother got hit and killed by a car.
Or, a pig that had to be rescued at Karoonda in the Murray Mallee.
It is also nice to see that police can take the Mickey out of themselves, with one post having a good ol' crack at the stereotype that cops love doughnuts.
The caption read:
“The rumours are true ... @sapolmetro we saw you show donuts and trump you a giant donut”.
PARENTS looking for a quick footy fix for their children are in the sights of the AFL.
Auskick Express is being offered to time-poor parents or those uncertain whether football is right for their children in a program to start in July.
It will enable young players to join in for a quarter of the full 16-week Auskick season at the reduced cost of $40. WA football star Rhys Palmer said they felt for their parents when they were playing multiple sports as a child.
“For me it was always sport — footy, baseball, athletics and cross-country — and there was always something going on,” Palmer said. “I owe my parents everything for giving me every opportunity to live out my childhood dreams.”
Palmer's junior club Bullcreek-Leeming has signed on to the Auskick Express program after the WA Football Commission called for expressions of interest last week.
Palmer urged parents to give their children a chance at football.
“I started playing when I was five or six and I lived and breathed it at that age,” they said. “It's a lot of fun times playing with your mates. It's such a good outlet and such a good sport and sets you up for living a good, healthy lifestyle.”
WAFC engagement and community football manager Troy Kirkham said Auskick Express made the game more accessible for parents and children.
Whoopi Goldberg wants no part in Roseanne Barr‘s Twitter drama.
On Tuesday, ABC canceled Roseanne following the actor's racist attack on Valerie Jarrett, in which they compared the former Barack Obama advisor to an “ape” in a since-deleted tweet.
Despite vowing to leave Twitter amid the widespread outrage, Barr, 65, remained active on the social media platform throughout the night on Tuesday — even taking aim at Goldberg when they retweeted a doctored photo of The View panelist. (Barr later took down the retweet and acknowledged that it was “fake.”)
The photo, which Goldberg has addressed in the past, was taken at the Women's March in January 2017, at which Goldberg wore a shirt with the words: “AND YOU THOUGHT I WAS A NASTY WOMAN BEFORE? BUCKLE UP, BUTTERCUP.” In the Photoshopped picture, the shirt reads “make AMERICA great again” underneath a bloody and violent sketch of Trump.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
its fake — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Goldberg, 62, took aim at Barr on The View at the top of Wednesday's hour.
“In their Twitter rant following the cancellation, they also retweeted a false picture of me — so here we go again,” they began. “Here is the truth about the shirt I was wearing at the Women's March in New York. It very clearly says, ‘And you thought I was a nasty woman before? Buckle up, Buttercup.' ”
“Now, some bonehead photoshopped a horrific image on the shirt and they retweeted this,” continued Goldberg. “So this is what I'm going to say, Roseanne: Just because you were caught with your pants down, don't try to drag other people down with you. Don't do that. There are times when you got to suck it up because you step in doo.”
“The bottom line is simply this: I didn't fake my shirt,” they added. “Someone else faked my shirt. But that's your tweet. That tweet came from you. That's yours. You did this to yourself.”
RELATED: Roseanne Barr's Most Controversial Moments, from Posing as Hitler to Applauding Donald Trump
In the wake of the backlash, Barr apologized to Jarrett via Twitter.
@ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you. I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
@ValerieJarrett i don't know if u saw it, but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet. I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
“@ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you,” they tweeted Tuesday night. “I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology!”
Hours later, they apologized again.
“@ValerieJarrett I don't know if u saw it, but I wanted 2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet,” they said. “I am truly sorry — my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake [that] caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. So sorry!”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Huntsman Corp:
* HUNTSMAN CORP - JON M. HUNTSMAN, FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN EMERITUS OF HUNTSMAN CORPORATION, PASSED AWAY ON FRIDAY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Manitoba stole three in the second end to take a 4-0 lead. They also scored a deuce in the fourth end and three in the seventh. Jones said they don't believe the score was a true reflection of the game.
"The steal of three early kinds of swayed the game in our favour and we have been hitting really well this week," they said. "I can't remember the last time (second) Jill (Officer) has thrown so many corner guard peels.  They are making them all. We were in a pretty good spot and making some big shots when we have to."
Fleury secured the fourth and final spot for the Page Playoffs with a 7-5 win over Team B.C.'s Kesa Van Osch (4-7). Northern Ontario scored deuces in the second, fifth and seventh ends.
"It feels awesome. It's our first time making the playoffs at the Scotties so we're pretty excited about it and especially after starting with two losses, it was a lot of hard work after that," Fleury laughed.
The Sudbury, Ont., native is in their third Scotties and said the team felt it was possible to reach this point of the women's championship. Playing many of the teams before they know they measure up well.
"Playoffs was definitely the goal coming in," said Fleury.
Arsenault's team defeated Ontario's Hollie Duncan (4-7) 9-8 in extra ends. Arsenault is also in pursuit of their sixth Scotties title.
By Emanuel Sequeira, The Canadian Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Nashville Predators are at a point they've never been before in franchise history, and now they have a chance to keep their first-round series from going back to Chicago.
They can thank a 20-year-old playing the fourth postseason game of their career for putting them in that position.
Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime , and the Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.
“That's good for him, a young kid in a big situation like that,” Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said of Fiala scoring their second career playoff goal. “I thought they handled it well.”
The Predators have never won the first three games of any playoff series, and they got here by outscoring the Western Conference's No. 1 seed 9-2. Even with the Blackhawks finally ending their scoring drought in this series, it wasn't enough as Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime.
“Obviously, we want to close it out at home, but we've got to focus just the same way we focused on this one and prepare the same,” Nashville goaltender Pekka Rinne said.
Rinne made 34 saves, even with their franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.
Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.
Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for Chicago.
But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals as a No. 8 seed. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
“That was a long time ago,” Chicago coach Joel Quenneville said.
Asked if this group can bounce back, Quenneville had a short answer: “We're going to have to.”
Chicago captain Jonathan Toews called it a very disappointing loss. Their personal goal drought is now 12 straight postseason games, though they did have an assist.
“We got to find a way to put pressure on them, got to make them realize that winning a fourth game is the toughest for any team in any series,” Toews said.
Fiala finally converted on their third chance in overtime. Crawford got a glove on a puck nearly midway through the extra period off Fiala's shot from the high slot. Crawford also got their left toe on a shot from Fiala in the slot with 6:00 left.
Then James Neal found Fiala with a pass, and they beat Crawford to send fans home shortly after midnight local time.
“It was a great save by Crawford,” Fiala said of the toe save by the Chicago goalie. “I was pretty angry, I could have finished it there, but never mind, we won.”
The Predators brought out the star power with country singer Carrie Underwood, married to Nashville captain Mike Fisher, to sing the national anthem. Five catfish also were tossed onto the ice before the puck dropped and combined with a late start for a very loud standing-room only crowd of 17,204.
Nashville outshot Chicago 49-36.
Rinne's shutout streak ended when Rasmussen scored the first postseason goal of their career 65 seconds into the second period. They beat Rinne glove-side off an assist from Marcus Kruger. The goal also snapped a scoreless skid for Chicago that spanned 177:45 back to their first-round loss to St. Louis last postseason.
Then the Blackhawks quickly made it a 2-0 lead with a power-play goal by Kane. They scored the 50th postseason goal of their career with a wrister from the right circle at 11:15 of the second, taking advantage of Marcus Kruger standing in front of Rinne.
Forsberg started the rally. They scored on a wrister hitting the puck in the air past Crawford, who was caught having turned around in the crease, at 4:24. Blackhawks forward Richard Panik argued the puck went off the netting, but the play was called a good goal after a review.
“It went off the shoulder and then off the glass and then straight in, so I didn't really see why they were talking,” Forsberg said.
Then Forsberg tied it up at 14:08 with a wrister off Ryan Ellis' shot from the point. Officials also reviewed for Arvidsson interfering with Crawford outside the crease before ruling another good goal.
“I don't know,” Crawford said when asked about interference. “Game's over.”
NOTES: This is Nashville's third straight overtime win at home in the playoffs. The Predators won Games 4 and 6 versus San Jose in the second round last year. … Kane became the fourth Chicago player with 50 career goals, joining Bobby Hull, Denis Savard and Stan Mikita. This was Kane's 126th playoff game.
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the Syria conflict (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Syrian state TV says members of the Islamic State group have shelled a government-held area in southern Damascus killing at least four people.
Tuesday's shelling came as government forces intensified their offensive against IS fighters holed up in an area south of the capital including a Palestinian refugee camp.
Advertisement
The TV said IS fighters in the neighborhood Hajar al-Asward fired a shell on the nearby government-held neighborhood of Nahr Aisha killing four people and wounding 15.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the shelling of Nahr Aisha killed five and wounded 17.
___
3:45 p.m.
A U.N. official says international efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should center on agriculture to jumpstart the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people.
The senior official in the Food and Agriculture Organization said that in case of a return to peace the impact of providing funds for farming would yield almost immediate results.
FAO's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said in an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference that "if you invest in that, you are going to get a quick return."
Even after seven years of war, farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria's Gross Domestic Product.
___
3:30 p.m.
U.N. Syria envoy Staffan De Mistura is warning that the northern rebel-held province of Idlib could become the conflict-ravaged country's newest humanitarian crisis area, as international donors gather in Brussels to drum up emergency support.
De Mistura said Tuesday that "Idlib is the big new challenge — 2.5 million people."
They told reporters that "there are women, children, civilians, and this is looming up there."
De Mistura hopes the two-day donor conference "will be an occasion for also making sure that Idlib doesn't become the new Aleppo, the new eastern Ghouta, because the dimensions are completely different."
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 177,000 people have fled combat in eastern Ghouta since February. The rest — including about 12,000 fighters — relocated to Idlib.
___
12:45 p.m.
Syrian state TV is reporting that government forces have launched a new operation targeting underground tunnels used by the Islamic State group in the capital, Damascus.
The TV says the aim of the operation is to destroy dug-out trenches and tunnels in the Hajar al-Aswad neighborhood and the nearby Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk that is also mostly controlled by IS.
A group of journalists taken on Tuesday to the adjacent neighborhood of Qadam witnessed intense shelling and airstrikes on IS positons in the camp and Hajar al-Aswad.
The area in southern Damascus is the last part of the capital not controlled by President Bashar Assad's forces. Other insurgents in the area, including an al-Qaida-linked group, have said they would relocate to rebel-held regions in northern Syria.
Declaring a victory in Syria, Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses to the troops at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria, on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Mikhail Klimentyev, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP)
Russian President Vladimir Putin declared victory against “terrorists” in Syria on Monday during a surprise visit to a Russian military base in the county, where they also announced a partial pullout of Russian troops.
It was Putin's first trip to Syria, where Russia launched an air campaign in 2015 that allowed President Bashar Assad's forces to gain the upper hand against the Islamic State group as well as Syrian rebels. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since the civil war began in 2011.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt came days after the Russian president said they would run for re-election on March 18, and helped to show off Moscow's global clout to the national audience.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, Putin hailed their “excellent” performance in Syria, where the Russian military declared victory against the Islamic State group last week.
“You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valour, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills,” they said. “The Motherland is proud of you.”
Related: Syrian mother gets behind the wheel
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict. Russian officials say the troops were sent to Syria mainly to fight “terrorists,” including IS and al-Qaida, but they also battled mainstream rebels opposed to the Assad family's four-decade rule.
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room.
The Hemeimeem base, located in the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
“Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists,” Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. “You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia.”
Putin also said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria.
“Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you,” Putin said. “You are coming back home with victory!”
They added, however, that the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and a naval facility in Tartus.
Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, said the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers.
Surovikin said the remaining forces will be sufficient to “successfully fulfil the tasks” to stabilize the situation in Syria. They did not say how many troops and weapons would stay behind.
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree.
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels.
After seeing troops march, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for their troops' “effective contribution” to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which they said the Syrian people “will never forget.”
“Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices,” Putin said.
Insurgents still control several areas in Syria, but much of the fighting has been paused by “de-escalation” agreements brokered by Russia and Iran, which support Assad, and Turkey, which backs the rebels.
Putin told Assad they would discuss the prospects for a peace settlement with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey later Monday.
“I hope that together with Turkey and Iran we will succeed in restoring peaceful life and launch a political process to settle the situation in Syria,” Putin said.
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, contributed reporting.
Vladimir Isachenkov, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Less than half of substantial funds allotted between the years 2011 – 2016 for the renovation and modernization of the country's public universities were used up, according to the Supreme Audit Office. Almost 14 billion crowns were set aside the project. In its audit, the bureau reported that the Education Ministry, which oversaw the program, did not have a proper overview over whether the funds which were spent for improving infrastructure had helped. The ministry said that it did not agree with the findings and said it was conducting its own assessment of the subsidies program.
WASHINGTON — Struggling outfielder Jackie Bradley Jr. drove in two runs, Eduardo Rodriguez struck out six in six scoreless innings and the Boston Red Sox shut out the Washington Nationals 3-0 on Wednesday to complete a three-game sweep and send the preseason NL East favourites below .500.
The Nationals (42-43) have lost five in a row to fall below .500 this late in the season for the first time since being 60-61 on Aug. 21, 2015.
A throwing error by Adam Eaton on Bradley's sacrifice fly caught in foul territory and a wild pitch by Ryan Madson (2-4) in the seventh inning contributed to Washington's 17th loss in 22 games.
Bradley scored Eduardo Nunez twice, first on a sacrifice fly and then a double in the ninth. It's just the second time all season Bradley had multiple RBIs in a game without hitting a home run.
Rodriguez (10-3) allowed just three hits and one walk to make the Red Sox the first team in the majors with a pair of 10-game winners, joining Rick Porcello. They surrendered two singles to Trea Turner and a bunt single to catcher Pedro Severino while striking out Bryce Harper and not allowing a runner past second base.
Getting to Madson in the seventh and getting some insurance off Kelvin Herrera in the ninth allowed Boston to improve to 22-6 this season in series finales.
Madson was the Nationals' fourth pitcher after starter Erick Fedde left with an undisclosed injury one batter into the second inning and gave way to left-hander Matt Grace, who allowed just one hit and struck out four in four innings of relief. It was Grace's longest major league relief appearance.
Red Sox closer Craig Kimbrel picked up their 26th save in 28 chances.
JUAN OFF
Impressive Nationals rookie Juan Soto got most of the day off after starting 19 games in a row and playing in the completion of a suspended game. They lined out to second as a pinch-hitter in the eighth and stayed in to play left field.
Did you notice something different about your favourite newspaper this morning?
The Daily Telegraph went retro to show you how the news would have looked a century ago.
Have a closer look at our special interactive front page.
Tap on each story to read more:
Switzerland's Manuel Akanji, right, reacts at the end of the match after Sweden defeated Switzerland during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky)
Switzerland's Manuel Akanji, rear, and Sweden's Marcus Berg challenge for the ball during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Switzerland's Johan Djourou, left, duels for the ball with Sweden's Marcus Berg during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky)
Sweden supporters celebrate after their team won the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)
Sweden's Martin Olsson, left, is fouled by Switzerland's Michael Lang during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
Sweden's Albin Ekdal waves to the fans after the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Sweden won 1-0. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
Referee Damir Skomina from Slovenia, left, speaks with Sweden's Gustav Svensson during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky)
Sweden's Albin Ekdal, left, duels for the ball with Switzerland's Breel Embolo during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky)
Switzerland's Johan Djourou, left, jumps for the ball with Sweden's Ola Toivonen during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky)
Sweden's Sebastian Larsson holds a banner to fans after winning the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)
Switzerland's Valon Behrami controls the ball during the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky)
Swiss supporters react as they watch a World Cup round of 16 soccer match between Switzerland and Sweden in the fan zone “Winti Arena” in Winterthur, Switzerland, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (Melanie Duchene/Keystone via AP)
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia — Shy, diminutive and without that distinctive ponytail, Emil Forsberg couldn't be more different than the larger-than-life Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
They share an ability to conjure something out of nothing on a soccer field, though, as Forsberg showed in leading Sweden into the World Cup quarterfinals for the first time in 24 years.
Forsberg dropped their shoulder to create space at the edge of the area and scored with a deflected shot to earn the Swedes a 1-0 victory over Switzerland on Tuesday.
“It brings tears to my eyes,” Forsberg said, “and makes me so proud.”
Forsberg, 26, arrived in Russia shouldering much of Sweden's creative burden following the international retirement of Ibrahimovic, who ruled the national team for more than a decade and is the greatest player the country ever produced.
Forsberg was quiet in the group stage but the attacking midfielder's skills and slick movement stood out against Switzerland in an otherwise scrappy game between two of Europe's less-decorated nations.
“He has developed in terms of the holistic approach to their game,” Sweden coach Janne Andersson said. “Even if they don't succeed in every dribble, in every part of their game they contribute in so many ways and they have those decisive moments.”
Forsberg didn't get much power behind their shot and it was likely heading straight for Switzerland goalkeeper Yann Sommer. However, it took a deflection off the foot of center back Manuel Akanji and bounced up and into the net.
Sweden became the fifth European team to reach the quarterfinals and will next play either England or Colombia on Saturday in Samara. Limited but with a highly effective game plan, the Swedes should not be underestimated.
This was another opportunity spurned by the Swiss, who have reached the last 16 in four of their last five appearances at the World Cup only to be eliminated without scoring a goal. They haven't scored in a knockout game in soccer's biggest tournament in 64 years, when they last reached in the quarterfinals at home in 1954.
They finished the game with 10 men after right back Michael Lang was sent off in stoppage time for a professional foul on Sweden substitute Martin Olsson. The referee initially awarded a penalty kick but later gave a free kick on the edge of the area after a video review.
Switzerland was fortunate to still be in the match at that point.
Ibrahimovic, now 36 and playing out their illustrious career in the United States, would surely have put away some of the first-half chances created by their countrymen against a fragile Switzerland defense which was missing the suspended Fabian Schaer and Stephan Lichtsteiner.
Striker Marcus Berg was the biggest culprit, spurning two openings in quick succession, while Albin Ekdal volleyed over with the goal at their mercy.
The Swedes were limited but played to the strengths that got them past Italy in the two-leg World Cup playoff and to the top of a group containing defending champion Germany, Mexico and South Korea. Their long balls forward caused panic and they were more bullish in their tackling in midfield.
The Swiss certainly weren't playing like a team ranked No. 6 in the world and with only one loss in their previous 25 games. Their build-up play was sloppy, with the best effort falling to Remo Freuler with a late header that was saved by Robin Olsen.
This was another opportunity spurned by the Swiss, who have reached the last 16 in four of their last five appearances at the World Cup only to be eliminated without scoring a goal. They haven't scored in a knockout game in soccer's biggest tournament in 64 years, when they last reached in the quarterfinals at home in 1954.
They finished the game with 10 men after right back Michael Lang was sent off in stoppage time for a professional foul on Sweden substitute Martin Olsson. The referee initially awarded a penalty kick but later gave a free kick on the edge of the area after a video review.
Related Articles World Cup: England beats Colombia in penalty kicks
Belgium overcomes two-goal deficit to eliminate Japan from World Cup
Mexico knocked out of World Cup by Neymar and Brazil
This week's Sports TV best bets for July 2-8
Mexico clashes with Brazil in World Cup round of 16 Switzerland was fortunate to still be in the match at that point.
Ibrahimovic, now 36 and playing out their illustrious career in the United States, would surely have put away some of the first-half chances created by their countrymen against a fragile Switzerland defense which was missing the suspended Fabian Schaer and Stephan Lichtsteiner.
Striker Marcus Berg was the biggest culprit, spurning two openings in quick succession, while Albin Ekdal volleyed over with the goal at their mercy.
The Swedes were limited but played to the strengths that got them past Italy in the two-leg World Cup playoff and to the top of a group containing defending champion Germany, Mexico and South Korea. Their long balls forward caused panic and they were more bullish in their tackling in midfield.
The Swiss certainly weren't playing like a team ranked No. 6 in the world and with only one loss in their previous 25 games. Their build-up play was sloppy, with the best effort falling to Remo Freuler with a late header that was saved by Robin Olsen.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings for the A-League on Friday P W D L F A Pts 1 Sydney 19 14 4 1 46 14 46 2 Newcastle 18 10 4 4 39 22 34 3 Melbourne City 18 9 3 6 28 21 30 4 Mel Victory 18 7 5 6 27 26 26 5 Adelaide Utd 18 7 4 7 20 22 25 6 Brisbane 18 5 4 9 21 28 19 .............................................. 7 Wanderers 17 4 7 6 18 30 19 8 Perth 18 6 1 11 22 37 19 9 Central Coast 18 3 7 8 18 25 16 10 Wellington 18 3 5 10 22 36 14 1-6: Championship play-off
HOLDEN'S new V6 twin turbo Supercars engine will be on the grid for next year's Bathurst 1000 if Triple Eight's plans come to fruition.
The factory-backed Holden squad revealed plans to run a fourth, V6 twin turbo-powered wildcard entry in next year's Great Race in announcing the Red Bull Holden Racing Team's Enduro Cup roster.
Matt Campbell's burgeoning international career as a factory Porsche junior driver will prevent them from rejoining Shane van Gisbergen for the full three-event endurance series, but they are expected to be free on the first weekend in October.
LIVE stream every race of the 2018 Supercars Championship AD-FREE on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
KIWI SUPERTEAM: Le Mans winner joins SVG for 2018 enduros
DANE: V6 sounds so good that fans ‘won't miss' V8 engines
OPINION: Why McLaughlin's speeding penalty review is necessary
That puts them on top of Triple Eight's shopping list for drivers of its planned extra car.
“Matt Campbell did a tremendous job with us throughout our 2017 endurance season and we understand that their commitments with Porsche come first at this stage,” T8 boss Roland Dane said.
“In the meantime, we're working with them to hopefully include them in the driver line-up for the planned wildcard V6TT entry at Bathurst in 2018.”
The GM Racing-sourced V6 twin turbo had initially been slated to make its race debut simultaneously with the new ZB Commodore at the Adelaide 500 next March, but it was decided to limit the engine's 2018 outings to wildcard appearances ahead of a full-time switch for 2019.
Dane has been tight-lipped on what other events the V6 may appear at and who will be behind the wheel.
So far, only regular race drivers van Gisbergen, Jamie Whincup, Craig Lowndes, their Enduro Cup co-driver Steven Richards, and retired star Greg Murphy have driven the V6TT at speed, the motor fitted to the team's Supercars-based ‘Sandman' wagon.
Camera Icon The ZB Commodore aero package is in the process of being signed off by Supercars. Picture: Supplied
The latter driver gave the V6TT its first public demonstration laps at this year's Bathurst 1000, allowing to hear the engine's sound for the first time.
Along with the Sandown 500 and Bathurst 1000 events, wildcard entries are eligible to compete in the Winton, The Bend Motorsport Park, Hidden Valley, and Queensland Raceway rounds.
The ZB Commodore is on track to make its first race appearance at the start of the 2018 championship, Triple Eight completing aerodynamic parity testing alongside Ford's Falcon FG X and Nissan's Altima last week.
On Friday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Special Report,” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) stated the committee will vote to release the Democrats' counterpart to the GOP memo released earlier that day.
Anchor Bret Baier asked, “Will you vote to release the Democrats' memo?”
Nunes answered, “Yeah, we will. But it has to go through the same process.”
They added that it's “Hard to say” when that will be.
They later added that they “wouldn't mind” releasing the transcript of then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe's interview that the GOP memo cites, but there is a process that has to be gone through in order to release transcripts.
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
According to the New York City mayor, authorities believe that the suspect in the Manhattan explosion acted alone, however, an investigation into the attack is currently underway.
NYPD Police Commissioner James O'Neill has announced that the suspect in the Manhattan attack has been identified as Akayed Ullah, 27.
At a joint press conference with police representatives and the New York governor, NYC Mayor Bill De Blasio said that authorities believe that the suspect in the Manhattan explosion acted alone, however, an investigation into the attack is currently underway.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," De Blasio has stated.
READ MORE: Photo of Alleged Suspect in NYC Explosion Surfaces Online
The suspect, who is currently in custody, "made statements" to investigators indicating that the attack had been carried out in the name of the Daesh terrorist group, but "the question is did they claim connection to ISIS," the NYC police commissioner said.
According to the Deputy Commissioner for Counterterrorism and Intelligence John Miller, "the device is based on a pipe bomb. It was affixed to this person with a combination of velcro and zip ties."
READ MORE: Central Manhattan Hit by Explosion: Suspect in Custody, at Least Four Injured
The suspect in the attack has been injured with burns and lacerations, while three others have sustained minor wounds, the police said.
At the same time, the governor of New York said that the explosion at the transit hub was carried out using a low-tech device.
"There are also no credible and specific threats against New York City at this time," De Blasio told reporters on Monday.
“There are no known additional incidents or activities…You will see additional NYPD presence throughout the city,” @NYCMayor now. #PortAuthority pic.twitter.com/spYuKrf9Tu — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) 11 декабря 2017 г.
New York police have "prevented a significant number of attacks," authorities have said.
Manhattan Explosion
According to police, the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
READ MORE: WATCH CCTV Cameras Allegedly Capture Manhattan Blast
Former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton was cited as saying by MSNBC that reliminary information suggests the suspect is possibly from Bangladesh, has been living in the US for seven years, with no official confirmation following so far.
Heavy emergency service response to reports of an explosion in Manhattan, New York. pic.twitter.com/8BaXMaGz1F — Jack Dawkins (@NewJackDawkins) 11 декабря 2017 г.
US President Donald Trump has been briefed on the attack, however, they haven't yet commented on the incident.
A NYPD official has revealed to NBC that the investigation into the attack was led by the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force.
The explosion took place more than a month after the Halloween truck attack in Manhattan, which left eight people killed becoming the first deadly terror attack in New York since 9/11.
As if the Pittsburgh Steelers squeaking out a close win over the Baltimore Ravens wasn't enough, the Steelers official Twitter account gave all of us a huge bonus after the game. They shared this video of injured linebacker Ryan Shazier celebrating the win from their hospital bed in Pittsburgh.
“We got a W today,” Shazier said. I defy anyone not to smile seeing Shazier on video being excited after the win. Shazier has been hospitalized since suffering a serious back injury in last week's game against the Cincinnati Bengals.
The Steelers paid tribute to Shazier in multiple ways on Sunday night. One of the highlights was when the team's rally anthem, Renegade played at Heinz Field the video team showed Shazier on the Jumbotron, bringing the crowd to its feet.
It is truly great to see Shazier in such good spirits. The family has played it very close to the vest in terms of updates but just seeing them was huge for the morale of all of Steeler Nation.
Police officers take a rest from patrolling the streets following the St. Petersburg metro blast that took place on April 3, in Moscow, Russia April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
ST PETERSBURG Russian authorities raided a residential building in St Petersburg on Thursday and found explosives similar to those used by a suicide bomber who this week blew up a metro carriage killing 14 people, two security sources said.
The discovery of the explosives raises the possibility that a string of bomb attacks was being planned in the city involving a group of plotters.
The explosives were discovered when security officials raided an apartment building in the city. They detained several people, according to a neighbour who saw the detentions taking place.
Russian investigators said they had detained several suspected accomplices of Akbarzhon Jalilov, born in mainly Muslim Kyrgyzstan, who is the suspected bomber in Monday's metro blast.
It was not immediately clear if the suspected accomplices were the same people detained at the apartment building.
Security officials searching the apartment complex where the men were detained also found an explosive device there. Bomb disposal experts made the device safe after evacuating people living in apartments on two stairwells.
"We were told: the house is mined, get out quickly," one woman, who only gave their name as Tatiana and lives in the building, told Reuters.
Another resident, who gave their name only as Anatoly, said they had seen police detain four young men occupying an eighth floor apartment next to their own. Vasily, another neighbour, said that "many people" had lived in the apartment and the detainees looked to be around 30.
The two security sources said that the explosives discovered at the building, in the east of the city, bore similarities to a bomb which was found on Monday inside a fire extinguisher at St Petersburg's Ploshchad Vosstaniya metro station.
That bomb did not detonate. State investigators said they believed the device had been left at Ploshchad Vosstaniya by Jalilov before they went on to another part of the subway network and detonated another bomb they were carrying.
One of the security sources said the explosives found in the apartment building on Thursday was "was exactly like" the unexploded bomb found at the metro station. A second security source said that the quantities of explosives at the apartment and in the unexploded bomb were similar.
HUNT FOR ACCOMPLICES
Russian is still reeling after the Monday attack which took place on the day Russian President Vladimir Putin was visiting St Petersburg, their home city.
The attack has put renewed focus on the large number of emigres from mostly Muslim central Asian states, who have moved to Russia to work.
Russia's state investigative committee, a body with sweeping powers that is looking into the bomber's background, said in a statement it was looking into the backgrounds of people it suspected of being accomplices.
It said it had identified several people of central Asian origin who had been in touch with Akbarzhon Jalilov, the main suspect. A search of the suspects' homes had turned up objects that were important for the investigation, it said.
Russian news agency Interfax reported that investigators had detained several people suspected of being Jalilov's accomplices.
It was unclear if those detained at the site of Thursday's bomb scare were the suspected accomplices identified by the investigative committee. None of the detainees' neighbours said they had ever seen Jalilov, who was born in Osh, southern Kyrgyzstan but held a Russian passport.
Kyrgyz authorities have so far failed to turn up evidence of links between Jalilov and Islamist radicals, sources in the capital, Bishkek, and in Osh told Reuters.
They said they could not confirm a report by Russian agency Interfax, that Jalilov had tried to cross into Syria via Turkey in February after a visit to Osh.
Jalilov's relatives told Reuters the young man had spent about 10 days with their family during their visit and had not gone out much.
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova and Alexander Winning in Moscow, Olzhas Auyezov in Almaty, and Hulkar Isamova in Osh, Kyrgyzstan; Writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Andrew Osborn and Christian Lowe)
Aug 14 (Reuters) - India's mobile phone customer base in June rose 0.51 percent, or a net 6 million, to reach 1.19 billion, data released by the country's telecoms regulator showed on Monday. Following is a table of mobile phone subscriptions in India, the world's second-biggest wireless market by number of users, as of June 30. COMPANY CHANGE (MLN) TOTAL USERS (MLN) Bharti Airtel 2 280.6 Vodafone India 1 211.9 Idea Cellular 0.04 196.3 Reliance Jio 6 123.4 Bharat Sanchar Nigam 1 104.2 Aircel -0.4 90.3 Reliance Communications -1 81.3 Telenor -0.7 47.3 Tata Teleservices -1.7 43.7 Sistema Shyam TeleServices -0.2 4.1 MTNL -0.0003 3.6 NOTE: * Active mobile subscribers in June were 1.19 billion * Mobile connections per 100 people, or the tele-density of wireless subscribers, were 92.12 as of June 30. Mobile tele-density in urban areas was 167.97 compared with 57.31 in rural areas. * In June, 5.88 million mobile subscribers opted to change their service providers through mobile number portability. India is divided into 22 telecommunications service zones. * Total broadband connections were 300.84 million, as of end-June. There were 282 million broadband users through mobile phones and dongles, while 18.3 million were using broadband through wirelines. Internet connections with a minimum download speed of 512 Kbps are considered as broadband in India. * The number of fixed-phone line subscribers dropped to 24 million by end-June from 24.16 million at the end of May. * Including fixed-phone lines, India had 1.21 billion phone users as of June 30, or a total tele-density of 93.98. * Source text: http://bit.ly/2vTJr0J (Compiled by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
SEARCH
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — The Raimondo administration says it hopes to offer up to $40,000 to hundreds of state workers as an incentive to retire, as part of an effort to cut $25 million in state spending.
State officials tell the Providence Journal that as many as 940 of the state's more than 13,000 workers could be eligible under the plan, which is still taking shape.
Department of Administration Director Michael DiBiase says they don't anticipate layoffs.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo agreed to make $25 million in cuts as part of a budget deal for the fiscal year that began July 1.
The proposal also includes the elimination of an unspecified number of jobs. DiBiase says some of the jobs can be left vacant, while other would be filled with lower-paid newcomers.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Pumpkin Honey Bread
1 cup - honey
1/2 cup - butter or margarine, softened
1 can (16 oz.) - solid-pack pumpkin
4 - eggs
4 cups - flour
4 teaspoons - baking powder
2 teaspoons - ground cinnamon
2 teaspoons - ground ginger
1 teaspoon - baking soda
1 teaspoon - salt
1 teaspoon - ground nutmeg
In large bowl, cream honey with butter until light and fluffy.
Stir in pumpkin.
Beat in eggs, one at a time, until thoroughly incorporated.
Sift together remaining ingredients. Stir into pumpkin mixture.
Divide batter equally between two well-greased 9 x5 x 3-inch loaf pans.
Bake at 350°F for 1 hour or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Let loaves cool in pans for 10 minutes, remove loaves from pans and allow loaves to finish cooling on racks.
Recipe Source: National Honey Board. Prepared on WLOX by Nancy Freeman, Consultant for Farm Families Mississippi. Check out our website at www.growingmississippi.org or follow us on Facebook by searching for Farm Families of Mississippi.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
29-year-old man was sent to hospital with serious injuries
Peel Regional Police are looking for these three men in connection with a brutal assault on a man with autism on March 13. (Peel Regional Police)
Police in Ontario say they believe that at least one of three men who beat up a man with autism in the greater Toronto area could be from the Lower Mainland.
Peel Regional Police say the assault happened at the Square One bus terminal in Mississauga on March 13 at about 10:45 p.m.
The 29-year-old man was sitting at the bottom of the stairs of the terminal's lower level when three men approached.
The suspects surrounded them and “continued to punch and kick the male multiple times” before fleeing.
The man was taken to hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries.
“We believe at least one might be from British Columbia,” said Const. Iryna Yashnyk. “We're hoping to get the video out there in case somebody might recognize them.”
WATCH: Police provide a video of the assault
Note: Footage may be disturbing to some viewers
The first suspect is described as a 5'10” South Asian man with a light complexion, short dark beard and short black hair cut. They were wearing a black T-shirt with a red Air Jordan logo and white Jordan lettering, with black track pants and black shoes.
The second suspect is described as a thin, clean shaven 5'10” South Asian man with a light complexion. They were wearing a black jacket with a grey horizontal stripe across the chest and a grey vertical stripe along the hood, black track pants and black shoes.
The third suspect is described as an unshaven 5'10” South Asian man with a medium complexion. They had a medium build and was wearing a black hoodie with a Nike logo and white Nike lettering along the sleeves, with black track pants and black shoes.
Anyone with any information is asked to call the 12 Division Criminal Investigation Bureau at 905-453-2121, ext. 1233, or if they wish to remain anonymous, to call Peel Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, visit their website or text 27467 with the world ‘peel' and their tip.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
THEY'RE the words that strike fear into the hearts of long-suffering Parramatta Eels fans.
“We should be good this season.”
That was certainly the case this season for Parra, and may still be, with an excellent coach in Brad Arthur and a talented squad coming off the back of a preliminary finals appearance.
But we've seen this before: The Eels have a strong season that should only get better next year, only for everything to fall in a heap. The club, 32 years and counting since the last of its four premierships, has a devastating gift for not living up to the hype - and here are five examples since the turn of the century.
LIVE stream every 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership game on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial now >. If you're overseas, you can still stream it LIVE on Watch NRL >
2001-2002: RECORD-BREAKING GRAND FINALISTS TO ALSO-RANS
The 2001 Parramatta Eels were incredible, the definition of an amazing team, with an emphasis on ‘team'. Consider this: Their 839 points scored remains the NRL single-season record and it was delivered by a spine (before the term became trendy) of Brett Hodgson, Michael Buettner, Jason Taylor and Brad Drew.
The minor premiers ultimately crashed and burned in the grand final, falling to the Andrew Johns-led Newcastle Knights after one of the most horrific first halves in GF history (24-0). But expectations were high for 2002, with coach Brian Smith re-signed long-term and exciting young players like Nathan Hindmarsh, Nathan Cayless, Andrew Ryan, Jamie Lyon and Luke Burt on the rise.
It didn't turn out that way, with the team finishing sixth and crashing out of the finals in week one against the Broncos. They missed the finals in 2003, then again in 2004, which also brought the Lyon-Wee Waa fiasco.
Camera Icon Jamie Lyon in the 2001 grand final. Picture: News Corp Australia
2005-2006: UNPRECEDENTED ROOKIE CAN'T TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Tim Smith was a phenomenon in 2005. The young halfback didn't just win NRL rookie of the year, they set an NRL record with 40 try assists, which still stands today. To put that effort in perspective, future NSW Origin halfback Nathan Cleary had 21 try assists across their first TWO Panthers seasons.
Smith led the Eels to a minor premiership and into a preliminary final, which delivered an awful 29-0 loss to the Cowboys. It was a crushing blow but optimism was high for the next campaign.
It wasn't awful but it was in no way what the Eels were hoping for: An eighth-place finish and bundled out in week one of the finals by eventual premiers Brisbane.
Camera Icon Tim Smith, 2005: Still No.1 for try assists in a single season. Picture: News Limited
2007-2008: BACK IN THE PRELIMS TO DOUBLE DISASTER
Smith and the Eels had their groove back in 2007, finishing fifth to set up a finals campaign that proved respectable in a season dominated by Melbourne and Manly. They beat the Warriors and Bulldogs before falling to an illegal Storm 26-10 team in the preliminary final.
That was the end of their brief flash of hope with Smith, who suffered a sad downfall just three games into the 2008 season, announcing that they suffered from bipolar disorder and leaving the club to recuperate. They would never return to Parra, while coach Michael Hagan also departed at the end of a season for personal reasons. The team finished 11th that year.
Camera Icon Michael Hagan coaching the Parramatta Eels in 2008. Picture: News Limited
2009-2010: HAYNE'S GODLY GRAND FINAL RUN TO TOTAL FAILURE
If your were there when Jarryd Hayne played rugby league in 2009, you will never, ever forget it. For a glorious half-season, it was like watching Andrew Johns crossed with Billy Slater crossed with Sonny Bill Williams, as Hayne torched all in their path to snatch a Dally M Medal and an eight-placed finish that somehow extended to a grand final appearance.
The Eels fell 23-16 to Melbourne in the decider, a Storm title that was later stripped for salary cap rorts, but Parra re-signed Hayne on big money and it seemed certain that they would be a major contender for the premiership in 2010 and beyond. Nope - they finished 12th the season after their fairytale GF appearance and coach Daniel Anderson was sacked.
Camera Icon A shattered Jarryd Hayne in tears after the 2009 grand final. Picture: News Limited
2012-2013: WOODEN SPOON TO A RICKY STUART SHOCKER
A different sort of example but one that still left Eels fans tearing their hair out.
The Eels went from a 14th-placed finish in 2011 to the wooden spoon in 2012, officially hitting rock bottom - or so they thought. Renewed hope came in the form of signing Ricky Stuart, with the coach hailed as Parramatta's best signing since the great Jack Gibson, the man to lead them back to premiership contention.
It all seems like a sick joke in hindsight. Stuart's most notable moment was a mid-season meeting where they used an overheard projector to tell a raft of players they were unwanted for next year, sending team morale to hell.
Not only did the Eels repeat their wooden spoon, Stuart became an eel ultra-villain by quitting the club just one year into a three-season deal to coach the Canberra Raiders.
The Eels copped a player version of the false saviour story in 2016, when Kieran Foran arrived - only to play nine games and leave the club in dark circumstances.
Scarlett Johansson may play Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow in the Marvel universe, but according to their daughter, she's always a superhero.
The award-winning actor dropped by The Ellen DeGeneres Show Tuesday to promote their new film Avengers: Infinity War, and told the host that their time and effort participating in the franchise has led their 3½-year-old Rose Dorothy to believe their mom is actually Black Widow full time.
“If you ask them what I do for a living, they say, ‘Mommy's a superhero,' ” Johansson, 33, told Ellen DeGeneres. “We had taken a break in shooting Infinity War because it was an extremely long shoot. I was going into the office — I was not doing anything film related, I was like, ‘See you later, honey, Mommy has to go to work.' ”
“And they were like, ‘Who are you fighting?' ” mimics the star with a laugh. “I don't know if that's a good thing, but yeah, they think I fight people for a living. If anybody has a regular uniform that they normally wear to work, mine's a pleather unitard.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Michael Rozman/Warner Bros.
RELATED: Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost Make Their Red Carpet Debut at the Avengers: Infinity War Premiere
Johansson “absolutely love(s) being a mom” (the star — who's currently dating Saturday Night Live writer and star Colin Jost — shares Rose with ex-husband Romain Dauriac), admitting parenthood “gets better every day” and that their daughter is their “little buddy” and “very sweet.”
She's also “painfully girly,” jokes their mom, explaining that Rose loves anything and everything princess related — including fancy dresses.
“She wants to wear the princess dress to bed, they want to wear it to school and it's filthy,” Johansson laments. “And New York is not the best place to have fabric dragging around behind you. But she's a princess-obsessed little girl.”
Michael Rozman/Warner Bros.
RELATED VIDEO: Scarlett Johansson Pregnant With First Child
“It must be weird if she's that princess-y and wants to wear chiffon and princess dresses, and then their mom is in superhero attire,” says DeGeneres, 60.
“I know, it's a bad look,” Johansson jokes. “I need to maybe add a tutu to my outfit or something like that.”
“Sure. That's not what I mean, but okay,” the host teases.
Avengers: Infinity War premieres nationwide Friday.
The internet just can't get over this magical moment last Friday, in which Jessa Gillespie and Becky McCabe popped the big question … at almost the same moment.
In a video posted to Facebook, the couple is seen posing for a photo at the zoo in Memphis, Tennessee, where the two had their first date. McCabe then asks the photographer, who was actually taking a video instead of a photo, to snap another one. Moments later, McCabe gets on one knee and proposes to Gillespie.
​However, instead of answering, Gillespie, who is jumping up and down with excitement, begins looking inside their purse and pulls out — you guessed it — a ring they were planning to propose to McCabe with the same day. A now-equally surprised McCabe starts laughing and the two hug each other as bystanders smile at the serendipitous moment.
© AP Photo / Evan Agostini/Invision Serena Williams Beat All Other Guests at Beer-Pong at Royal Wedding
The video, which was shared by Gillespie on Facebook Sunday, has been viewed almost 900,000 times and has around 16,000 likes.
"I had no idea they planned to propose and they had no idea I planned to propose to her! We were both so surprised!!!! We were surrounded by our friends and had the most amazing night. I am the luckiest girl in the world to be able to call them my fiance," Gillespie wrote on Facebook.
"We had no idea this would blow up so quickly But I can't say I'm not thrilled, because all I've ever wanted was for Beck and the world to know how much I love them We are overwhelmed with all of the positive responses," Gillespie added.
According to WTHR, the pair plan to get married next summer.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The arrival of the London Boat Show 2017 marks the 63rd year the capital has hosted the showcase. A group of 323 exhibitors will display their craft and services at the Excel centre in Royal Docks from Friday, January 6-15 – an increase of 25 on 2016.
Among the 47 companies making their debuts this time around will be AJS Technical Services, Alpine Elements, Borrow A Boat, Chatham Marine and Westwater Yacht Sales.
Also new will be 84 products and boats unveiled for the first time in London including 14 worldwide launches.
As well as the 400 boats on show there will be a series of attractions including The London Stage with panel shows hosted by Sky Sports presenter Alec Wilkinson, fashion shows, talks and award ceremonies.
Visitors will also find the Dream Lodge Marina And Boating Lake with its adjacent watersports park where they can try a range of activities and find refreshment alongside moored boats.
The show is open 10am-6pm every day apart from January 12 when it closes at 8pm.
Standard adult tickets cost £15 in advance or £22 on the gate apart from Preview Day on January 6 which is £20 and £27 respectively.
8 worldwide debuts to see
These craft will be seen officially for the first time anywhere on the planet at the London Boat Show 2017.
Sunseeker 68 Sport Yacht
Bavaria R40 Coupe
Cobra 7.2
Cobra 9.5
Excel Virago Yacht Tenders
Grandezza 25 S
Sunseeker Manhattan 66
Princess S60
10 London-based companies
(Photo: onEdition)
These exhibitors are headquartered in the capital, so why not use the show as an opportunity to connect?
Helm
Motorboat And Yachting
Azure International
Sailing Holidays
MailASail
Kelvin Hughes
Rota Marine
The Chelsea Magazine Company
St Katharine Docks
Riverhomes
10 biggest boats
(Photo: onEdition)
If size is your thing, here is your 2017 bucket list of must-sees at the show in order of hugeness (tip head to the Sunseeker stand).
Sunseeker 95 Yacht
Sunseeker 86 Yacht
Princess 75 Motor Yacht
Sunseeker 75 Yacht
Sunseeker Manhattan 66
Sunseeker 68 Sport Yacht
Prestige 680
Princess S60
Princess 60
Sunseeker Predator 57
5 to celebrate
(Photo: onEdition)
This quintet of organisations has exhibited at all 63 London Boat shows so probably deserve a once-over.
RYA
Jeckell And Son
Inland Waterways Association
Navigators And General
Motorboat And Yachting
Follow The Wharf on Twitter @the_wharf
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
THERE are few traditions that quite bring Australians together like Anzac Day — or more specifically, the annual Anzac Day parade.
But sometimes it is hard to verbalise why.
South Australians lined the streets of Adelaide in their thousands to pay tribute to the servicemen and women who were prepared to sacrifice everything for their country.
There were tears.
There was applause.
There were unscripted moments as crowd members struggled to find the words to convey their emotions as loved ones marched on by.
Yet, it wasn't any of those single moments that truly captured the atmosphere in Adelaide on Wednesday, but rather a convergence of them all.
Camera Icon Three-year-old Abby waves to the marching veterans during the parade in Adelaide. Picture: AAP, Kelly Barnes/AAP
In a homage to military precision, it took exactly two hours for the current, former and descendants of Australian and allied troops to march the one kilometre from the SA National War Memorial to the Cross of Sacrifice on Wednesday morning.
Meanwhile, those who could not join their comrades sat along King William St and North Tce with polished medals gleaming in the warm autumn sunshine — the worry of rain nothing more than a fleeting concern.
But it wasn't a silent or sombre procession.
Camera Icon Veterans Allan Memms, Geoff Heath and David Crawford watch the other marchers during the parade in Adelaide. Picture: AAP, Kelly Barnes/AAP
Instead, a cacophony of sounds filled the April air as bagpipes and drums tussled with brass bands, and the crowd's applause to become the defining soundtrack of the morning.
All in all, 20 groups of Anzac Day marchers made the journey to Pennington Gardens before being released from the rigours of military discipline.
From there, they were free to embrace old companions, remember those who were lost in time and share the stories of days gone by.
It was with the culmination of those singular moments that the spirit of Anzac Day became clear to the South Australians who were there to experience it.
Lest We Forget.
Scroll for more content...
The Defense Intelligence Agency believes that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has no intention of engaging in a full denuclearization program, at least for now, according to an administration official familiar with the agency's finding.
A second official tells CNN the Trump administration plans to present the North Koreans with a detailed list of tasks they must undertake to begin a denuclearization process.
The analysis is currently being circulated among other US intelligence agencies to see if they concur, the first official said. While the official would not detail the precise intelligence that has led to this conclusion, the agency utilizes satellite imagery, electronic intercepts and human intelligence gained from operatives.
A third official told CNN that the agency believes Kim may publicly agree to denuclearization to some extent, but that they will in reality hide weapons and infrastructure from the US.
The current view on Kim directly addresses their intentions rather than the overall capabilities of their weapons programs. If other elements of the US intelligence community agree with the Defense Intelligence Agency's analysis, it could then become a so-called "finished intelligence product," or report that would be briefed to the highest levels of the administration. It's not known how much of the DIA finding the White House may be aware of.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will return to North Korea on July 5 to meet with Kim and their team, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters at Monday's press briefing.
A foreign intelligence source told CNN that the intelligence community's analytic judgment has stayed the same for years, which is that they are skeptical of Kim's willingness to denuclearize.
This source said that they are unaware of any new projects the North Koreans may be working on, but reiterated that "they have given nothing up."
Former UN weapons inspector David Albright told CNN on Monday that their firm has new information about a secret North Korean facility producing highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium. The information, Albright says, comes from Western intelligence sources.
"At Kangsong they're using gas centrifuges," Albright told CNN's Brian Todd. Pointing to a photo, Albright identified the rotor assembly. "They're producing weapons-grade uranium for nuclear weapons," Albright said. "And the site may have up to 6,000 or more of these centrifuges."
The Pentagon declined to address intelligence reports on North Korea's nuclear capability when asked on Monday, saying only that the US military remains postured to "deal with any and all threats on the peninsula" with the goal of allowing "diplomats the space and the time to hopefully make progress coming out of the summit."
Pentagon spokesperson Col. Rob Manning also said that Trump's decision to suspend joint military exercises with South Korea "will not impact the capabilities and readiness of our combined forces on the peninsula in order to deal with North Korea."
The Defense Department has long been skeptical of North Korea moving quickly to denuclearize. Recent commercial satellite imagery has shown some continuing activity at various nuclear fuel and missile sites.
The Washington Post earlier reported on US intelligence officials' doubt that North Korea intends to fully surrender its nuclear stockpile.
Kim "reaffirmed their firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula" in a signed agreement after their Singapore summit with President Donald Trump. In the statement, Kim also said that their country would commit "to work toward complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula."
But Trump has repeatedly mischaracterized the nature of their deal with Kim, insisting last month that the North Korean dictator had agreed to begin "total denuclearization" right away.
While Kim has consistently said he's willing to denuclearize, long-time North Korea watchers worry that Pyongyang and Washington have very different definitions of the term denuclearization.
"Kim has never offered to disarm. Not once," said Jeffrey Lewis, director for the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey. "He's arming, not disarming."
White House national security adviser John Bolton would not comment on the Washington Post report Sunday, but did say on CBS News' "Face the Nation" that North Korea's nuclear arsenal could be dismantled in a year if Pyongyang cooperates, adding that the program would require "full disclosure of all (of North Korea's) chemical and biological, nuclear programs, ballistic missile sites."
"We have developed a program. I am sure that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will be discussing this with the North Koreans in the near future about really how to dismantle all of their (weapons of mass destruction])and ballistic missile programs in a year," Bolton said. "If they have the strategic decision already made to do that and they are cooperative, we can move very quickly. And it is to North Korea's advantage to dismantle very quickly. Then the elimination of sanctions, aid by South Korea and Japan and others can all begin to flower."
Bolton disclosed that the plan has not been put into action yet.
"It has not. Physically, we would be able to dismantle the overwhelming bulk of their programs within a year," Bolton said.
Pompeo told CNN last week they would not put a timeline on negotiations with North Korea, but said the Trump administration will regularly assess the regime's seriousness about abandoning its nuclear program as the US moves toward normalizing relations with Pyongyang.
They also played it coy when asked by lawmakers last week about specific conditions the administration has set for North Korea to achieve denuclearization and secure economic concessions.
"I'm not prepared to talk about the details of the discussions that are taking place," they said, "I think it would be inappropriate and, frankly, counterproductive to achieving the end state that we're hoping to achieve."
A team of US officials led by envoy Sung Kim met with North Korean officials Sunday at Panmunjom, the border village between North and South Korea in the demilitarized zone, in the first face-to-face conversations between the two countries since the summit last month according senior State Department officials.
The foreign intelligence source who spoke to CNN said it would be worrisome if the administration does not have a timeline by September.
Bolton also said Sunday on CBS that during the US-North Korea summit in Singapore, Kim was "very emphatic several times" about turning over the arsenal, which was a change from previous regimes.
"Now, we'll let their actions speak for themselves," Bolton added.
"There's nobody involved in this discussion with North Korea in the administration who is overburdened by naïveté. We've seen how the North Koreans have behaved before," Bolton said.
"The President's been very clear," Bolton said. "He is not going to make mistakes of prior administrations. We are going to pursue this, and we will see what happens."
However, one former member of the US National Security Council told CNN that the leak of this intelligence assessment could indicate there is internal frustration over the administration's apparent trust in Kim's sincerity moving forward.
"The (intelligence community) doesn't assess that Kim Jong-un is acting in good faith ... they're probably fed up with the fact that (Trump) and Pompeo keep publicly touting their trust in one of the most definitively untrustworthy regimes the US has ever negotiated with," the source said.
But the decision to leak this information also has a risk factor, according to the same source, who said the information could diminish the likelihood Kim will cooperate "if they think that, no matter what they do, the US has already prejudged them to be untrustworthy."
The First Purge makes absolutely no sense, and this is coming from someone who gives genre films, most especially low budget ones, a wide berth in the department of logic. This is also coming from a fan who enjoyed the previous three installments (the second, Purge: Anarchy, is straight-up brilliant), and who was looking forward to this prequel, which promised to lay out how it all began.
The First Purge is set in the present-day, but in an alternate reality where Trump is obviously not running things. We know this because the economy is bad, so bad the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA) are able to legally seize control of the federal government. With the Democrat and Republican parties abolished, the NFFA (which is represented only by soft-looking white guys) knows it has to produce results fast.
Enter The Architect aka Dr. May Updale (Oscar-winner Marisa Tomei in search of a paycheck). Them idea is to improve society by legalizing lawlessness for 12 hours, for one night a year. Them belief is that with a legal outlet to purge rage and frustration, America will become great again for the other 364 days.
Before the NFFA can go nationwide, though, they must first see if the idea will actually work, so the self-contained Staten Island is where the first experiment will take place, and this is where things get dumb.
As a 40-year fan of Blaxploitation, I am not at all bothered by the fact The First Purge sides with people of color (POC) over evil whitey. But in its zeal to do so, we are led to believe no white people live on Staten Island, even though Staten Island is 65 percent white.
Seriously, what happened to all the white people?
What's more, in what has to be the most racially patronizing and insulting plot point since Morgan Freeman drove Miss Daisy, we are told that, through a democratic vote, the all black and brown residents of Staten Island chose to be the subjects of this experiment, and did so in exchange for … $5,000.
Now I ask you… What kind of bigot believes black and brown people would vote in favor of allowing a lawless, 12-hour riot to take place in their own neighborhoods for any amount of money, much less a measly $5000?
So, although set in the present day, in order to make POC the victims, The First Purge removes all white people from Staten Island, which makes the 100 percent minority population guilty of inviting this horror into their own homes.
Yes, James DeMonaco, the creator of the franchise (and this is their script), is a middle-aged white guy.
On top of being patronizing, this is totally illogical.
As portrayed in the movie, the people of Staten Island have plenty to eat, enjoy cable television and Internet access, can afford iPhones, and for the price of soap, water, and a gallon of paint (I'd recommend a Laguna Yellow with a satin finish) could transform their apartments from dystopian to utopian.
People in the First Purge keep talking about how frustrated they are — with what exactly? Staten Island looks like a pretty nice place to live. We see parks, small businesses… Sure, there is a drug problem, but that is homegrown, and when the story turns drug kingpins into Rambo-style heroes, things only get dumber.
Has no one explained to the filmmakers that in America's real inner-cities, in places like Chicago, in places much more desperate than The First Purge's Staten Island, millions of people (of all races) live with the temptation to risk it all for a lot more than $5,000? Gang-banging, drug dealing… Those options are always present, and almost all of the population refuse them. America's inner-cities are populated with massive majorities of decent Americans who forgo easy money to go to work, to go to school, and to keep on with the keeping on.
The First Purge, though, would have us believe that a majority of black and brown people can be bought for $5000, are willing to let their neighborhoods be razed for $5000, will put their own children at risk for $5000. The fact that CNN's Van Jones (a terrible actor, even when playing himself) would agree to participate in such a thing reveals as much about them as it does Hollywood's limousine liberalism.
Moreover, The First Purge is desperate to slander the NRA, but in reality is a very effective, 90-minute super PAC ad lobbying in favor of the right to bear arms.
If there was ever a movie (or franchise) that proved the value and importance of the Second Amendment, that perfectly explained just how vitally important it is for a citizenry to be armed, The First Purge is it.
Dear Dumbasses: According to your own movie, the federal government is the villain, the good guys are citizens who would be helpless without the right to bear arms … which … is … exactly …what … the … NRA … stands … for … did … I … mention … you… are … dumbasses?
This franchise started out with intelligence and a terrific concept. Set in the near-future of 2022, we entered a world where crime is legal for one night a year. Better still, the movie informed us that the whole idea behind the Purge worked. Within this universe, the annual Purge did dramatically improve society, did decrease overall crime. This gave us a fascinating moral dilemma, a complicated dramatic conflict, and as the series moved into parts two and three, it dove head first into this debate with fascinating twists and reveals.
But now it is all about race, about black versus white, and this has not only resulted in a patronizing racism, but moments so breathtakingly stupid, we are supposed to believe the KKK engages in machine gun fights without removing those pointy hoods. We are supposed to believe a gorgeous community organizer would venture out alone into a world where rape is legal. We are supposed to believe machine guns cannot penetrate drywall in a crumbling tenement.
Dumber still is the futility of it all. Thanks to the sequels, we already know the NFFA and their Purge last at least until 2040, so what exactly are we fighting for again?
All of this could be forgiven if the movie was half as competent, exciting, and tension-filled as its predecessors. Other than an extended fight in a stairwell, this one is just noise and so desperate, so divisive, and so lame there is actually a moment where a woman's pussy is literally grabbed so they can call the guy a “pussy-grabber.” On top of the groans, I heard every eye in the theater roll back into its head.
I am firmly on record as a defender of left-wing movies, as a fan of a huge number of left-wing movies, and as a fan of the Purge series. But this sucker is dull, episodic, stupid, filled with thudding dialogue and, yes, a tad racist.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Speedy Sweet and Sour Chicken
1-1/2 cups uncooked instant rice
1-1/2 cups water
1 (10.5-oz.) pkg. frozen precooked breaded chicken nuggets
2 tsps. oil
1 (1 lb. 5-oz.) pkg. Green Giant Create a Meal frozen Sweet & Sour Stir Fry Meal Starter
Cook rice in water as directed on package. Meanwhile, cook chicken in oil as directed on package until thoroughly heated. Remove from skillet. Add frozen vegetables, pineapple and frozen sauce from meal starter to skillet. Cover; cook 7-10 min. or until vegetables are crisp-tender, stirring frequently. Stir in cooked chicken. Serve over rice. Serves 3.
Enjoy!
In Hancock County, the Port and Harbor Commission is planning a series of networking events to let job seekers and employers know about new initiatives meant to help grow the workforce.
Scroll for more content...
The teenage soccer team trapped in a cave system in northern Thailand will spend another night almost a kilometer underground, after officials coordinating the rescue said they won't attempt to move them before Thursday.
New video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday showed the boys wrapped in foil blankets for warmth, as they speak up one by one, introducing themselves and saying "I am healthy." One said "thank you" to everyone who is waiting for their rescue.
Claus Rasmussen, who is part of the rescue team, said the boys have told divers they heard dogs barking, a rooster crowing and children playing. That information now has teams looking at whether there is a chimney or hole they can access instead of trying to get the boys out through the water.
At least one plan to bring the boys back to the surface include having the teammates, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach, dive through the narrow flooded tunnels in full-face diving masks.
The plight of the boys and their coach has captured the world's attention. Former Real Madrid and Brazil soccer legend Ronaldo spoke to CNN at an event in Russia about the soccer team.
"It's terrible news and the world of football hopes that someone can find a way to take these kids out of there," they said.
Austria and Leicester City star Christian Fuchs sent a video message of support Wednesday.
"We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12 players and their coach," said Fuchs. "I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong."
Fuchs won the Premier League title with Thai-owned Leicester in 2016.
"Hi, I'm Christian Fuchs from English Premier League team, Leicester City Football Club. We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12-players and their coach. I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong."
In a press conference Wednesday morning, Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said it would be "difficult" to bring them out Wednesday. They said they didn't want to give an estimate on when they could be brought out and be reunited with their families.
"All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one," they said.
To keep the boys' spirits up, authorities are attempting to set up phone lines inside the cave to allow them to talk to their parents.
However, attempts to install the cables have been unsuccessful so far, Maj. Gen. Bancha Duriyaphan said. One cable suffered water damage as divers transported it "around small passages." Teams are attempting to take in a new one.
"When the telephone line is ready, we will have relatives talk to them. The pressure will be immensely reduced," Maj. Gen. Chalongchai Chaiyakum, another military spokesperson, said.
Ticking clock
It's now been over 36 hours since the boys were first located by two British divers, and while SEAL divers have been able to reach them with food and medicine, conditions mean it's currently too risky to bring them out the same way the divers came in.
It's is a long, hazardous dive, even for the experienced Navy SEAL divers.
Why will it take so long to rescue the trapped Thai soccer team?
Seven of the navy team, including a doctor and nurse, spent Tuesday night in the dark with the boys and their coach, who have been trapped inside the cave since June 23. The insignia of the SEALs has been etched onto a rock face in the cave, video from the group's Facebook page shows.
Initial medical check-ups showed the boys to be in good health. Video showed some being treated for scrapes and mild rashes.
The doctor, Lt. Col. Park Loharachun, hasn't left the boys' side since diving into the cavern.
The divers are making the complicated dive back and forth to the small, cramped shelf where the boys have sheltered within the flooded cave complex. The group has been given high-protein gels to rebuild their strength.
After the initial contact with the British divers -- two volunteer specialists who flew in to help with the search -- the SEAL team returned to give the boys a meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, along with milk.
The focus now is on getting the teammates ready for the journey ahead. On Wednesday, the children -- some of whom can't swim -- practiced wearing the full-face oxygen masks they'll need to wear to survive the journey out.
They've tried using the equipment and breathing with it, but haven't been submerged in the flood water, Osottanakorn said, as currents are too strong.
The plan is to bring them out at different times, depending on their strength.
"They don't have to leave all at once. Those who are ready can come out first. We are reassessing the situation daily. We have to see they are ready. Therefore if we found any risk we won't carry out the (evacuation) plan," they added.
A sense of urgency persists with unpredictable weather and the threat of more rain that could further flood the chambers. The governor said water is still being pumped out of the cave "at full speed" to reduce water levels.
Days of relatively fine weather have given rescuers a window to prepare for the moment the boys eventually emerge from the cave. Soldiers dressed in green fatigues practiced evacuation drills, linking arms to form a human wall around the mouth of the cave.
Thailand cave rescue: The health toll of waiting for freedom
Difficult rescue
Debate remains over the best way to bring the boys to safety.
Given their weakness after a week with no food, trapped in the dark, and their unfamiliarity with scuba systems, some experts say it's too difficult to bring a group of novices through a cave system that has made even caving experts nervous.
Cade Courtley, a former US Navy SEAL and author of the "SEAL Survival Guide" told CNN that they "was part of a very special dive unit and this would be a challenging dive for me and my team... now you're going to ask 11 to 15-year-olds -- some of whom cannot swim -- to make that same journey for the first time breathing air underwater?"
The rescue in Thailand is "one of the toughest I've seen," Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission and a rescue diver with 30 years' experience, told CNN.
The most dangerous option, they said, "is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters."
"It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time," they told CNN. "A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger."
Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- Robbie Weatherbee is watching Tuesday's budget in Nova Scotia as someone deeply troubled by the state of the province's mental health system.
With the Liberal government poised to bring in a post-election budget that's widely expected to balance the books for the third year in a row, the 57-year-old is among those who say the price in deteriorated social services has been high.
As the province has turned around from an era of deficits in the hundreds of millions of dollars, critics say hospitals and front-line care that consume four of 10 taxpayers dollars haven't kept up with demand.
During a Monday news conference, Weatherbee said their future son-in-law committed suicide after receiving inadequate services, and argues improved standards and funding are urgently needed to avoid unnecessary deaths.
Fighting back tears, they said their daughter's fiance needed rapid treatment for their crisis when they checked in to hospital in New Glasgow in December 2016.
"He was put on a waiting list for group therapy, just what a suicidal person needs, given a prescription for an anti-depressant that could increase suicidal thoughts and then sent home," they told reporters at a gathering organized by the Progressive Conservatives.
A spokesperson for the Nova Scotia Health Authority said it cannot comment on individual cases, adding the public "needs to be assured the health authority is designing a responsive, accessible, effective public system, steeped in evidence and easy to navigate..."
Weatherbee's was among the voices Monday calling upon Premier Stephen McNeil's government to make the troubles of the province's health care system its budget focus.
The party was re-elected with a slim majority last May, in a campaign that saw the Tories and the NDP declare a crisis had erupted following the merger of nine health authorities into a single administrative unit.
Karla MacFarlane, the interim leader of the Tories, said in an interview their party is looking for a clear plan to remedy waiting lists for mental health in the budget.
"I would say we're closer to the $100 million (in added dollars) if you look at the need to recruit doctors, and we have a huge issue of dialysis care. People are travelling for hours for dialysis and they have nowhere to stay," they said.
Meanwhile, the New Democrats and the Nova Scotia General and Government Employees Union have been issuing regular news releases updating the number of ambulances languishing outside overcrowded emergency wards.
The Liberals seemed to make a pre-emptive move on the health file Monday, announcing family doctors will get a pay boost as a result of nearly $40 million in funding -- about $18 million of which was already announced last week as part of a $240 million end-of-year spending spree.
This includes a $150 bonus for every new patient they take on who was previously without a doctor.
The provincial government notes that health is already consuming 40 per cent of the budget, and that mental health's $281-million budget went up $7.4 million in the last budget.
Erin Crandall, an assistant professor in the politics department at Acadia University, said in an interview the opposition parties may be vying to establish themselves as the alternative to the Liberal party on the health care issue.
"They could see it as a political opportunity to distinguish themselves from the governing Liberals," they said.
Crandall notes that the Liberals have tended to campaign and hold themselves out as a party of fiscal restraint, as they have become the first government in a decade to achieve back-to-back balanced budgets.
In the last update, Finance Minister Karen Casey projected a $28.9-million surplus for 2017-2018, about $7.6 million higher than forecasted in September when they presented a revised budget initially tabled ahead of last spring's election.
Some of that has been achieved through tough labour tactics with public sector unions.
Those unions and thousands of public school teachers are among those who will have keen interest in what's in the fiscal document.
McNeil has promised the budget will include a significant investment for classroom inclusion ahead of a report that is expected next month. They called the report an opportunity to signal to teachers that the government is serious about providing classroom support for students with special needs.
Classroom composition, and inclusion of students with special needs, was a major issue that was seldom discussed publicly during a 16-month contract dispute that saw teachers walk off the job for a day and stage a protest outside the provincial legislature just over one year ago.
During Monday's news conference, Fran Morrison, whose son committed suicide in 2010, said she's also calling for an independent review of the Nova Scotia Health Authority's hiring practices.
They say that those hired have not succeeded in reducing waiting times or delivering front-line services.
Carla Adams, a spokesperson for the health authority, said in an email that the organization "has processes in place to ensure our recruitment and selection process is objective, fair, transparent and based on merit."
This is the end of the road for Zendaya and the Disney Channel after three years on K.C. Undercover.
The Greatest Showman star, 21, announced the news in a tweet on Friday, writing, “Tonight is the last episode of KC, and therefore my last episode on Disney channel….”
The show follows an outspoken and confident technology genius (who is also a skilled black belt) as they discover their parents are spies and expect them to follow in their footsteps.
The end of the Disney Channel show may not come as a surprise. While Zendaya has been working on the show since 2015, she's also been working hard on big blockbuster films such as Spider-man: Homecoming and more recently, The Greatest Showman alongside Hugh Jackman and Zac Efron.
Tonight is the last episode of KC, and therefore my last episode on Disney channel…. — Zendaya (@Zendaya) February 2, 2018
The actor and singer has also taken a step into producing. Them next role that has recently been gaining industry buzz is for their leading role in the historical thriller A White Lie, which they are co-producing with Reese Witherspoon and Lauren Neustadter.
Zendaya in Disney Channel's K.C. Undercover Eric McCandless/Disney Channel via Getty
While A White Lie is slated for 2019, the versatile artist will not spend 2018 slacking off. Zendaya is lending their voice to an adorable duckling named Chi in Open Road's animated film Duck Duck Goose, due out in the spring. They will also share credits with Channing Tatum, LeBron James and Gina Rodriguez, among others, in the animated comedy Smallfoot, by Warner Animation Group, set for next fall.
 They are also slated to appear in the next Spider-Man film opposite Tom Holland.
Zendaya seems to be excited and appreciative about their booming film career, shared a sweet post on social media for a premiere of The Greatest Showman.
“I haven't posted anything about the premiere the other night because I'm still in shock a little bit. This is only my second film, so you could imagine the nerves but it was a magical night and I'm lucky to be next to these incredible people. Thank you for believing in me,” they posted, with a photo of the cast, on Instagram on Dec. 10.
0 9-year-old shoots 14-year-old sister to death over video game
MISSISSIPPI - Another family is mourning in Aberdeen, Mississippi after a 14-year-old died Sunday at Le Bonheur, an innocent victim of gun violence. Police said their 9-year-old brother pulled the trigger.
Monday afternoon, the group Mom's Demand Action spoke out about the unintentional child gun violence in Tennessee and how doctors at Le Bonheur are hoping for change as well.
Trending stories:
An argument between siblings turned deadly over weekend as a 9-year-old boy shot their sister in the head with a gun. Monroe County Mississippi deputies said the boy allegedly grabbed a gun when their sister would not give up the video game controller. That teen died Sunday night.
“It's just heartbreaking. I mean every time you hear about a child dying as a result of gun violence, each death is a new heartbreak,” said Kat McRitchie of the group Moms Demand Action.
FOX13 took a closer look at the number of unintentional child shootings that involved death or injuries in the country. This year alone, 52 kids under the age of 17 have been impacted. That's just 2 and a half months. There were 285 in 2017 and 264 just two years ago.
“Gun violence is the 3rd leading cause of death for American children now, and so it's not surprising when you hear stories like that even though it's devastating” McRitchie said.
Just one week ago, McRitchie's Group was in Nashville speaking to legislators about child gun violence in Tennessee. Them group was joined by doctors from Le Bonheur who see the aftermath of these accidental deaths more often than they'd like.
“We have started a new relationship with Le Bonheur. They reached out to us because they've seen an uptick in children with gunshot wounds in their hospital, and they were devastated” said McRitchie.
They want that devastation to stop. In schools, in homes and in Mid-South Communities.
“American children are at extremely high risk of dying from gun violence right now,” McRitchie added.
McRitchie also said Moms Demand Action has a program dedicated to gun safety and storage. As for the 9-year-old accused of killing their sister, we are told the gun belonged to the mother's boyfriend.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
AN enchanting California bungalow facade conceals this light-lavished, family-focused Elwood home, that has been superbly renovated by Millar Robertson Architects.
The four-bedroom classic at 3 Spray St has been reinvented for modern living and has $2.65-$2.8 million price hopes.
The bayside stunner will go under the hammer on July 28 at noon.
At the rear is an open-plan entertaining hub, headed by a Miele-equipped kitchen with a luxuriously long island bench.
The tranquil living room with open fireplace set in a towering cobblestone feature wall is a real highlight.
RELATED: Period Elwood home with contemporary extension has plenty of wow factor
Negotiations continue for opulent Elwood Edwardian with an unassuming facade
Elwood apartments are hot in demand with much competition at auction
Chisholm and Gamon, Elwood director Sam Gamon said the home's standout factor was the indoor-outdoor entertaining area with a heated pool.
“Not many homes in Elwood are on close to 500sq m with a pool and outdoor spa,” Mr Gamon said.
The outdoor area features a deck, built-in barbecue and bar fridge.
Zoned for Elwood Primary School the home is also walking distance to trains, trams, Elwood village and quality cafes.
SUBURB PROFILE: Elwood
READ MORE: Gong for former Besen mansion and priciest Melbourne house
HomesVic shared equity scheme's most in demand areas
Fitzroy North terrace “not for the faint-hearted” achieves top sale at competitive auction
TEL AVIV – Following the proposal of a new bill that would see a cut in funds to the Palestinian Authority equal to the salaries paid out to convicted terrorists, the chairperson of the Palestinian Prisoners Club on Sunday vowed that the Palestinians will continue the payments regardless.
The bill, approved by the Ministerial Committee for Legislation, translates into the “theft of Palestinian money,” Qadura Fares said.
The legislation, proposed by MK Elazar Stern (Yesh Atid), will see Israel slash around NIS 1 billion ($285 million) from the annual tax and customs revenues it collects for the Palestinians on goods. The amount is equivalent to what the PA pays out to terrorists and their families. According to Stern, the fact that the PA “rewards and encourages murder” must stop because it is a “barrier to peace.”
Fares said the bill “strongly contradicts international law” and is an attempt “to stigmatize the Palestinian struggle with terrorism and to conflate the issues of the so-called war on terror with the Palestinian martyrs and prisoners who fought for freedom.”
Faras added that despite the setback, the payments to terrorists “will not stop.”
Israel transfers about NIS 5.4 billion ($1.5 billion) a year to the PA. According to the proposed bill, in 2016 the PA paid out NIS 1.1 billion ($303 million) in salaries and other benefits to terrorists and their families.
The amount of money that terrorists receive correlates to the length of their prison sentence, so that the deadliest terrorists receive the highest payout, reaching a few thousand dollars a month.
Breitbart Jerusalem reported another Fatah official as saying that the recent appointment of a jailed terrorist to a senior position within the party was proof that the terrorist salaries would not end anytime soon.
Fatah Central Committee member Jamal Muhaisen said the appointment of Karim Younes sends a clear message of defiance to the U.S. and other countries calling for the payments to stop.
Last month, PLO Director of Prisoners Affairs Issa Karake said that the position given to Younes, who was convicted of murdering an Israeli soldier in 1980, served as proof that “our prisoners are not terrorists.”
“I think that this is a very great and significant political response, [which says] that our prisoners are not terrorists and are not criminals. They are freedom prisoners and fighters who enjoy an important national, human and legal status among their leadership and among their Palestinian people,” Karake said.
A report presented to the Knesset's Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee last month revealed that more than $1 billion has been paid by the PA over the past four years to terrorists and their families.
Russia's southern resort city of Sochi is one of the hosting cities for FIFA World Cup 2018.
A man, who reportedly fell asleep while driving, rammed into pedestrians in Sochi, leaving at least one dead.
The incident reportedly occurred at 2:00 p.m. local time (11:00 GMT).
According to local police, a 63-year-old man has died as result of the incident. The police said further that the driver could have fallen asleep.
Road Patrol Service together with investigators are working at the scene of the incident.
READ MORE: First-Ever Balalaika Day to Take Place in Sochi During 2018 FIFA World Cup
A similar incident occurred in Moscow on June 16, when a taxi driver lost control of the vehicle and rammed into a crowd of people near the Gostiny Dvor shopping center on Ilyinka street in central Moscow, injuring at least eight people.
DETAILS TO FOLLOW
Defending champion Joey “Jaws” Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns Wednesday to win their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater hailing from San Jose, California, took home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
CHESTNUT TIES RUSSELL!!! American Hero Joey Chestnut wins their 11th Mustard Belt by eating 64 hot dogs and buns ὁὁὁ pic.twitter.com/LxvIOOvixT — The Sports Quotient (@SportsQuotient) July 4, 2018
The heat wasn't a factor for Chestnut despite the temperatures surpassing 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Nutrition Data on Joey Chestnut's record 74 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes. pic.twitter.com/vsuhaHH0ah — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) July 4, 2018
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition — Yet that didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who wolfed down 28 wieners and buns.
Miki Sudo wins their fifth Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest https://t.co/SE8p9P2Uvt pic.twitter.com/7xfKApvZYf — Donald Eke (@DonaldRex) July 4, 2018
Thousands of attendees, many wearing mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved the heat to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.”
“We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and later released.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
SIMFEROPOL (Sputnik) — On Sunday, thousands of supporters of the Ukrainian nationalist party Svoboda (Freedom) participated in a torchlight parade in Kiev's city center dedicated to the 108th anniversary of Bandera's birthday.
"The new year in Ukraine starts with a bad tradition of celebrating the birthday of the Nazi and butcher Bandera. Their ideological descendants keep on destroying the Ukrainian state and the international image of the country," Aksenov said on Facebook.
Bandera collaborated with Nazi Germany during World War II and was responsible for numerous atrocities against civilians as a leader of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA), whose activities are prohibited in Russia.
A A
MINNEAPOLIS — Three people are in custody Monday awaiting formal charges after two Dakota Access pipeline protesters rappelled from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis to hang a banner during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The game was not interrupted by the protest Sunday, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution. The Vikings beat the Bears 38-10.
The banner urged Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank to divest from the four-state, $3.8 billion pipeline. Opponents contend the pipeline could affect drinking water and Native American artifacts. Texas-based developer Energy Transfer Partners says the pipeline will be safe.
Minneapolis police spokesperson Officer Corey Schmidt said a 32-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were arrested Sunday on misdemeanor burglary and trespass charges for the high-flying stunt.
Police also arrested a 27-year-old woman at the stadium Sunday whom they accused of obstructing the legal process. Schmidt said Monday that accusations against the woman have been upgraded to include burglary. They declined to discuss their alleged role in the incident, citing the ongoing investigation.
They said a complaint with formal charges is expected to be filed Tuesday.
The Hennepin County Jail roster shows all three suspects still in custody on Monday.
Minnesota's burglary law includes entering a building without consent and with the intent to commit a crime. Schmidt said the manner in which the suspects got inside the stadium was part of the ongoing probe.
The protesters rappelled into place during the second quarter, and hung in a seated position about 100 feet above the seats that were evacuated for safety. The pair watched the rest of the game, occasionally shifting positions or waving at spectators. One wore a purple Brett Favre Vikings jersey.
U.S. Bank Stadium operator SMG said in a statement that they apparently climbed over a guard rail to access the ridge truss. Police spoke with them from a catwalk in attempt to get them to stop, and by the fourth quarter about a half-dozen police and firefighters in rappelling gear were on the truss waiting to remove the pair.
The protesters willingly climbed up their ropes when the game ended, as fans booed them from below.
Vikings spokesperson Lester Bagley said the team's only concern was for the “safety of our fans and guests.”
Protesters say U.S. Bank has extended a large credit line to Energy Transfer Partners. U.S. Bank spokesperson Dana Ripley declined comment.
The pipeline would carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to a shipping point in Illinois. Protesters camped in North Dakota for months to try to stop completion of the project.
TransUnion Philippines expects sustained lending growth given record-low delinquency rates and despite rising interest rates, with the credit scorer eyeing to capture small businesses in its roster by next year.
TransUnion president and chief executive officer Pia Arellano said in a media briefing on Wednesday, July 4, that consumer lending is expected to sustain rapid growth over the coming years.
“There's been a very healthy more than 20% increase in total limits extended and total outstanding balances, and even delinquencies have been at an all-time low,” Ms. Arellano said in a media briefing on Wednesday. “Delinquency is managed but portfolios are growing, so that's definitely a good sign as far as credit is concerned.”
Consumer loans reached P1.527 trillion as of March, up 16.8% from a year ago according to the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. Of the amount, only four percent or P61.048 billion are considered as problem debts.
The credit bureau is also looking to capture data from non-bank institutions to enhance their credit scoring models such as utilities and mobile phone payments. They are likewise eyeing to roll out a credit scores specific to SMEs. — Melissa Luz T. Lopez
Tasmanian has welcomed news it will receive an extra $112 million over eight years under an overhaul of GST funding to be announced by federal Treasurer Scott Morrison.
State and territory governments will receive a series of funding boosts totalling $5.2 billion over the eight years to 2026-27, with the Turnbull government promising none will be worse off because of the changes.
"On face value, the federal government's proposal delivers on its commitment that Tasmania would not be one dollar worse off," Tasmanian Premier Will Hodgman said in a statement on Thursday.
"Based on the federal government's modelling, Tasmania may well receive additional funding under the proposal of $112 million over the next eight years with the potential for additional increased funding in perpetuity."
Mr Hodgman said their government would now conduct a detailed assessment of the proposal.
"The Tasmanian Government won't accept the proposal if it's not in Tasmania's best interests," they said.
State and territory treasurers will meet in September to discuss the plan, with a final agreement expected by the end of 2018.
But Vice President Leni Robredo says lawmakers should ask the government about its specific plans for the rehabilitation and security of Marawi City, and how the declaration of martial law would help
Published 12:55 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Vice President Leni Robredo trusts the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) when it sought the one-year extension of martial law in Mindanao. But they said concrete plans on the rehabilitation efforts in Marawi City must be fleshed out clearly.
This was Robredo's response when asked to react to lawmakers receiving security briefings at the Senate and the House of Representatives on Tuesday, December 12, regarding President Rodrigo Duterte's request to extend martial law in Mindanao for a year. (READ: Robredo supports Duterte's martial law in Mindanao)
The extension was recommended both by the military and the police. Congress is set to hold a joint session on whether or not to grant the extension on Wednesday, December 13.
"Iyong sa akin po kasi, tiwala tayo sa AFP, tiwala po tayo sa DND (Department of National Defense) – kay Secretary [Delfin] Lorenzana – sa kanilang assessment kung ano ang kailangan para ma-secure iyong Marawi, ma-secure iyong Mindanao. Gusto po nating bigyan ng suporta," Robredo told reporters in Marikina City.
(I trust the AFP and the DND – Secretary Lorenzana – on their assessment about what is needed to secure Marawi and the rest of Mindanao. We want to support them.)
But they are hoping lawmakers would ask security officials about their specific plans for the whole year.
"Unang una, bakit kailangang isang taon? Sunod, bakit kailangang buong Mindanao? Pangatlo, ano ba iyong mga dagdag na kapangyarihan na puwedeng ibigay ng martial law sa pamahalaan para makatulong... para ma-fast-track iyong rehabilitation ng Marawi [at] pangalawa, ma-ensure iyong seguridad sa lugar?" said Robredo.
(First, why a one-year extension? Next, why does it have to be the entire Mindanao? Third, what additional powers can martial law grant the government that would enable it to fast-track the rehabilitation of Marawi and secondly, ensure the security of the area?)
They also hope lawmakers would ask what safeguards the military and the police are planning to prevent abuses under martial law.
On May 23, government troops clashed with homegrown terrorists from the Maute Group and a faction of the Abu Sayyaf Group in Marawi City, sparking a months-long battle that destroyed the city. This prompted Duterte to declare martial law over the entire Mindanao, which is set to expire on December 31. (WATCH: Marawi: 153 days of war)
The President declared Marawi City "liberated" from terrorists on October 17. Combat operations officially ended on October 23.
Now, Duterte is seeking to extend martial law in the region until December 31, 2018 "primarily to ensure total eradication of Daesh-inspired Da'awatul Islamiyah Waliyatul Masriq (DIWM), other like-minded Local/Foreign Terrorist Groups (L/FTGs) and Armed Lawless Groups (ALGs), and the communist terrorists (CTs) and their coddlers, supporters, and financiers." – Rappler.com
April 20 Nucor Corp:
* "For 2017, we estimate capital spending of approximately $550 million and depreciation and amortization of about $730 million" - Conf call
* While recent trade case decisions have begun to reduce flood of dump, subsidized products from foreign producers, imports continue to negatively impact U.S. steel industry overall -Conf call
* "Certain countries continue to brazenly break and circumvent our nation's trade laws" - Conf call
* "Earnings in the second quarter 2017 are expected to increase compared to the first quarter" - Conf call
* "Our fabricated construction products order books indicate that the nonresidential construction markets have regained momentum in 2017"- Conf call
* We welcome an investigation into impact of imported steel upon our national security, particularly given that many of these steels are imported illegally, violating our trade laws - Conf call
* "The amount of steel consumed per rig has doubled since about 2013" - Conf call
* Rig counts are up, just about double. Steel consumed per rig, up, just about double. That bodes well for steel consumption in energy market - Conf call Further company coverage:
BERLIN (AP) — Astronomers say they've captured the first confirmed image of a planet forming in the dust swirling around a young star.
Scroll for more content...
Scientists said Monday the planet appears as a bright spot in the snapshot taken using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile.
Miriam Kepler of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Germany said hints of baby planets have been detected before, but astronomers weren't sure whether those observations might simply be features in the swirling dust.
In a paper to be published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics, scientists describe the planet, located about 3 billion kilometers (1.86 billion miles) from the star PDS 70, as a gas giant bigger than Jupiter. They say it has a cloudy atmosphere and a surface temperature of 1,000 degrees Celsius (1,832 degrees Fahrenheit).
April 20 Vita 34 Ag
* dgap-adhoc: vita 34 ag: vita 34 concludes purchase agreement for the entire acquisition of its competitor seracell pharma ag
* Says has already secured bank financing up to eur 7.5 million
* Says a capital increase is planned with subscription rights for current shareholders in scope of up to eur 5 million in issue proceeds
* Says cash purchase price of up to a maximum of eur 14 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
TACOMA, Wash. – Law enforcement, health care and elected leaders converged in Tacoma Friday to focus on a plan to battle the opioid crisis in our region.
Together they're trying to identify strategies to curb new addictions and end the stigma for addicts who might be searching for help.
But there are also other groups already on the street trying to make an impact where it's needed most.
This coming summer marks the 30th year for the Tacoma Needle Exchange.
“No matter what, there is no barrier,” said outreach worker Sean Hemmerle. “You will get help here.”
The blue minivan Hemmerle works out of, sitting in the parking lot at the Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department, offers a way for drug users to swap dirty needles for clean ones. The exchange also has been handing out an overdose-reversing drug that can save lives.
“We've given out about 2,000 kits and we've had a couple hundred documented reversals,” they said.
Lori, one of the exchange's clients, says if it weren't for the program they might not be here today.
“We'd be nowhere, we'd be dead,” they said. “There's people out there dying who don't want to come here because they're afraid to.”
Stigma, and other issues surrounding addiction and the opioid epidemic, were top topics for law enforcement, medical professionals and elected officials at the Pierce County Opioid Summit on Friday, hosted at University of Washington Tacoma.
“We're dealing with a condition of opiate use disorder that last people's lifetimes, so we really need to change the way communities think about this,” said Caleb Banta-Green with the UW.
Those invited to the meeting were tasked with coming up with ways to reduce the number of drug users dying on the streets, and finding ways to end the stigma of drug addiction.
“We should not be ashamed. Don't hide in the shadows, tell your stories,” said Penny LeGate, founder of The Marah Project. “We can save more lives by explaining to the public this can happen to anyone.”
The Tacoma Fire Department is also now handing out Narcan to addicts in an attempt to keep people from dying on the streets.
“We don't charge anything, we're an anon program,” Hemmerle said. “The stigma of even letting us know that they're using, some people just don't want anyone to know. And they'd rather use a needle for an entire week.”
The Tacoma-Pierce County Health Department also offers substance abuse treatment and counseling – including a methadone clinic where officials say patients can be seen in a matter of days.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Monday, Macron's spokesperson Benjamin Griveaux told Public Senat news outlet that Sputnik and RT "fully controlled by the Russian government, have been slandering some candidates for several months, namely, Emmanuel Macron, while sparing the others, Marine Le Pen and Francois Fillon, in particular." Also on Monday, another Macron ally, Richard Ferrand, the general secretary of En Marche! party, said that Sputnik and RT outlets "spread fake news", which are later "used, quoted and influence our democratic life."
"These are the regular attacks on the RT, which do not have a single word of truth in them, cause a feeling… of deja vu. We wish Emmanuel Macron's team not to repeat the mistakes of the US establishment, and to focus on the campaign instead of bashing the Russian media. Macron's campaign discredits itself with such delusional and offensive remarks," Simonyan said.
Sputnik news agency on Wednesday denied allegations made by Griveaux that the agency had launched the campaign to discredit the candidate.
Commenting on Ferrand's claims Wednesday, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said that Macron's ally was spreading fake news themselves by accusing Sputnik of fabrication.
Zakharova recalled that former US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had made similar accusations against Russia when information compromising their party was leaked. Clinton said Russia was behind cyberattacks which obtained the information. Russia rejected the claims, while the country's President Vladimir Putin stating that the Russian hacking scandal "hysteria" was fomented to distract people from domestic problems.
On Tuesday, the Kremlin also reacted to claims made by Macron's ally, with Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov calling these accusations "absurd."
DESTANEE Aiava has survived an Australian Open wildcard playoff scare, staving off fellow Victorian Masa Jovanic to reach the quarter-finals.
Denied a wildcard into next month's grand slam when beaten in the 18-and-under final by Jaimee Fourlis, Aiava dropped the first set to Jovanic.
But, sensing the danger, the 18-year-old recovered to power to a 4-6 6-3 6-2 victory.
They join top seed Arina Rodionova in the last eight after the Russian-born baseliner posted a 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 win over talented Sara Tomic, moving to significantly closer to snaring a main draw berth in the January 15-28 Open.
Still finding touch after a gruelling training block, world No.120 Rodionova was relieved to survive Tomic.
Camera Icon Picture: News Corp Australia
“I got the job done. It wasn't my best performance obviously but it was enough today and I'm happy to get through,” they said.
“It's tough, middle of December. We're normally not peaking yet and that's my situation, same with most other players.
“We're all in similar condition but just keep fighting every point. It's not the best tennis but you have to be able to win without playing your best.”
Rodionova admitted erring by chasing ranking points while trying to crack the top 100 and playing too many tournaments towards the end of this season.
“Yes that's exactly what I did instead of taking a couple of weeks off and having a good training block I kept playing,” they said.
“I went China, Japan, China and then back to Australia for a week and it was a little bit crazy and unnecessary and didn't do me any good.
“I will learn from that and not do the same again.”
Camera Icon Sara Tomic missed out against Arina Rodionova. (Photo by Michael Dodge/Getty Images) Picture: Getty Images
Ranked 466th in the world, Tomic was cautioned for taking too much time between points late in the second set.
The censure failed to stop the 19-year-old charging back into contention after trailing 2-5.
But, after breaking serve for 4-5, they lost their own delivery — and the match.
In other matches, Alexandra Bozovic defeated Rodionova's sister Anastasia, Zoe Hives beat Astra Sharma and Naiktha Bains downed Belinda Woodcock.
Also advancing were Tammi Patterson, over Michaela Haet, Olivia Tjandramulia against Alison Bai and Kimberly Birrell over Maddison Inglis.
Men's quarters start on Wednesday at Melbourne Park from 10am.
Kite Packaging has released 2018 Packaging Guide – its new product guide offering helpful advice about a large range of packaging products.
What's inside?
Kite has vastly improved on its previous product guides with the addition of 20 new pages and over 65 new products.
The pages are informative and will provide you with key information on the products. It gets straight to the point with useful product facts and figures, all aimed to help you find the perfect solution for your packaging requirements.
Helping You to Choose the Right Products
The design of the guide has been refreshed and updated, however, one thing that has not changed is the way you use this guide. Kite said it wants the guide to be a purchasing tool for customers, something to refer to beyond the administrative day-to-day.
The double-page info-graphics offer you advice about which packaging is right for you and you can now see at a glance which products fulfil your criteria. Whether you are looking for a product that works in line with the Royal Mail PiP guidelines or deciding which tape is ideal for your requirements, you will find it all inside this handy guide.
Green Businesses
Kite has included its Enviro logo throughout the catalogue, next to all of its most environmentally-friendly products. Of course, all our products comply with ISO 14001:2004 regulations, but these products are the greenest of them all.
New Products
Kite said the guide has been a great opportunity to showcase its new products which include its new range of Klikstor archive boxes, specialist tapes, postal solutions, stretch wrap systems, strapping kits, heat shrink systems, CD, DVD and LP packaging and our new range of cupboards, trucks & trolleys, workstations & benches and pallet stillages.
You will also find our range of plastic boxes and a double page dedicated to our extensive range of strapping and tools with a guide to help you decide which one is right for you.
These new ranges have been part of Kite's aim to bring a range of new solutions to help fit all customer requirements, which help to reduce costs, improve efficiency and reduce damage rates.
Additionally, the In-Box Solutions and Stretch Wrap products have dedicated pages, demonstrating innovative solutions available to you. In these sections, you will be able to learn how these expert, specialist teams can support you in your packaging process and work towards finding you the best available solutions.
Want More?
All of the products in our catalogue are featured on Kite's website and include more detailed descriptions, full pricing tables and demonstration videos to show you just how simple they are to use.
If you would like to request a copy of the guide, call +44(0) 2476 420065.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
KYOTO, Japan: The global push among carmakers to make ever lighter vehicles is leading some auto suppliers in Japan to turn to what seems like an unlikely substitute for steel - wood.
Japanese researchers and auto component makers say a material made from wood pulp weighs just one fifth of steel and can be five times stronger.
The material - cellulose nanofibres - could become a viable alternative to steel in the decades ahead, they say, although it faces competition from carbon-based materials, and remains a long way from being commercially viable.
Reducing the weight of a vehicle will be critical as manufacturers move to bring electric cars into the mainstream. Batteries are an expensive but vital component, so a reduction in car weight will mean fewer batteries will be needed to power the vehicle, saving on costs.
"Lightweighting is a constant issue for us," said Masanori Matsushiro, a project manager overseeing body design at Toyota Motor Corp.
"But we also have to resolve the issue of high manufacturing costs before we see an increased use of new, lighter-weight materials in mass-volume cars."
Researchers at Kyoto University and major parts suppliers such as Denso Corp, Toyota's biggest supplier, and DaikyoNishikawa Corp, are working with plastics incorporated with cellulose nanofibres - made by breaking down wood pulp fibres into several hundredths of a micron (one thousandth of a millimetre).
Cellulose nanofibres have been used in a variety of products ranging from ink to transparent displays, but their potential use in cars has been enabled by the "Kyoto Process", under which chemically treated wood fibres are kneaded into plastics while simultaneously being broken down into nanofibres, slashing the cost of production to roughly one-fifth that of other processes.
"This is the lowest-cost, highest-performance application for cellulose nanofibres, and that's why we're focussing on its use in auto and aircraft parts," Kyoto University Professor Hiroaki Yano, who is leading the research, told Reuters in an interview.
The university, along with auto parts suppliers, are currently developing a prototype car using cellulose nanofibre-based parts to be completed in 2020.
"We've been using plastics as a replacement for steel, and we're hoping that cellulose nanofibres will widen the possibilities towards that goal," said Yukihiko Ishino, a spokesperson at DaikyoNishikawa, which counts Toyota Motor Corp and Mazda Motor Corp among its customers.
Automakers are also using other lightweight substitutes. BMW uses carbon fibre reinforced polymers (CFRPs) for its i3 compact electric car as well as for its 7 series, while high-tensile steel and aluminium alloys are currently the most widely used lightweight options because they are cheaper and recyclable.
"SPRUCE GOOSE"
Yano said they were inspired in their research by a photo of the "Spruce Goose", a cargo plane made almost entirely of wood in 1947 by U.S. billionaire entrepreneur Howard Hughes. At the time, it was the world's largest aircraft.
"I thought that if Howard Hughes could find a way to use wood to build a massive plane, why not use wood to make a material that was as strong as steel," they said.
The cost of mass producing a kilogramme of cellulose nanofibre is currently around 1,000 yen ($9).
Yano aims to halve that cost by 2030, which they say will make it an economically viable product, since it would be combined with plastic, and so competitive against high tensile steel and aluminium alloys, which currently cost around $2 per kg.
Industry experts anticipate that carbon fibre prices will fall to around $10 per kg by 2025.
Analysts say high-tensile steel and aluminium will be the more popular alternative for many years to come, considering parts makers would need to overhaul production lines and figure out ways to fasten new materials like cellulose nanofibre onto other car parts.
Anthony Vicari, an applied materials analyst at Lux Research in Boston, said it "would be a big deal" though if Yano's projections prove to be correct.
But for now, it remains "a very big 'if'", they said.
It has not taken very long for cracks to appear in Akel's electoral pact with the so-called independent presidential candidate Stavros Malas. The independent incurred the wrath of their backers earlier this week after they applauded the appearance of two Greek F16 fighters at Sunday's military parade, like the rest of their rivals.
This, however, was not Akel's position. The following day party spokesperson Stefanos Stefanou accused the president of militarising the Cyprus problem in the run-up to the presidential elections. Malas had said, “I welcome the arrival of the Greek planes,” not realising that this was a blatant case of militarisation of the Cyprus problem that the backers of their independent candidacy did not approve of.
They patched things up eventually, saying they welcomed the ‘ceremonial' part of the parade, reminding us that they spoke about the need ‘to create a unified shield of peace between the two countries', – whatever that means – as the Cyprus problem could only be solved by peaceful means. Perhaps more was made of the issue than it deserved by the media, but it was also an indication of how difficult it will be to maintain the myth about the independent candidacy.
People have a chuckle whenever there is mention of Malas as an independent.  They are nothing of the sort. They were a member of the Akel government and stood as the party's candidate in the last elections when the party could not find anyone else to defend the disastrous Christofias presidency. It went back to them again this year after an attempt to find an ‘independent' candidate fell through; the person found was a bit too independent – they were a free market champion – for the comrades' liking so they opted for tried and trusted Malas.
What is difficult to understand is why Akel and Malas are so keen to maintain this pretence of independence which, justifiably, nobody believes. In fact, it is counter-productive because it is certain to alienate potential voters, who will feel they were being deceived, especially after the debacle with Mike Spanos, who was ruled out by the party as soon as they displayed signs of being independent. A little honesty about their alliance would have served Malas and Akel much better in the elections as it would have eliminated the chuckles and ironic remarks every time there was mention of the independent candidate. More importantly, voters would not feel that Malas was trying to fool them.
The propaganda principle that if you repeat a lie often enough, people would believe it, does not apply to all situations.
ZIMBABWE'S deepening economic crisis is partly as a result of dwindling investment inflows due to the hostile business environment characterised by policy inconsistencies and uncertainty. This week Zimbabwe Independent reporter Hazel Ndebele (HN) spoke to Zimbabwe Investment Authority (ZIA) chief executive Richard Mbaiwa (RM) on various investment-related issues, which include falling in foreign direct investment, the impact of the liquidity crunch on business and the progress made on the one-stop-shop concept.
HN: Are you concerned about the dwindling levels of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) from US$545 million in 2014 to US$319 million last year?
RM: As an investment promotion agency, it is our desire to see an increase in all forms of investment in the country as we think that the country offers a lot of investment opportunities across all sectors that are still to be realised. We will therefore endeavour to step up our investment attraction efforts so as to increase the levels of both domestic investment and FDI inflows. However these figures are taken from the United Nations Conference on Trade And Development(Unctad) World Investment Report and do not include the local component of the projects that are being implemented in Zimbabwe. The country has taken a deliberate and strategic position where we encourage joint ventures between foreign and domestic investors, so there is a significant portion of investment which is not captured by Unctad.
HN: What can be done to improve FDI inflows?
RM: We need to position the country as a highly attractive destination for investment and this is mainly to do with changing investor perceptions and the country's image. On-going work to improve the ease of doing business in the country precisely aims to achieve that. Improving the ease of doing business rankings will go a long way to change investor perceptions and these reforms should continue to be pursued with a view to streamlining procedures at both national and local government levels.
HN: How in your view has the liquidity crunch impacted on investment prospects?
RM: The liquidity crunch affects effective demand for goods and services in the economy. However, I would say that most of the economic agencies have now embraced the use of plastic money and non-cash transactions. For our domestic investors, whom we expect to partner with foreign investors, it is important that they get easy access to capital. For foreign investors, the major concern is related to ease of remitting dividends and other foreign payments such as critical imports and loan repayments.
HN: How has the scourge of corruption hampered your efforts to bring in much-needed investment?
RM: Corruption or perceived corruption, at any level, has a negative impact on attracting investment, whether foreign or local as it adds another layer of costs associated with doing business. It should therefore be condemned in the strongest terms and at ZIA we have zero tolerance for corruption and we urge all stakeholders, including investors to report any instance of corruption immediately to the appropriate authorities.
HN: Since January this year ZIA has approved projects worth US$920 million which are more valuable when comparing to projects approved during the same period last year worth US$451 million. What is your view on this?
RM: We believe that it is a positive sign that we are seeing higher value projects as this means that the projects are more serious and would have a higher economic impact in terms of indicators like job creation, generation of exports and supply linkages with other sectors, especially the SMEs, which will in turn bring more benefits to Zimbabweans in line with the aspirations of ZimAsset.
HN: Which sector has had the most approved investment so far this year?
RM: Since January the sector with the highest number of approved projects has been the mining sector which has had 38 projects valued at US$467 million. The manufacturing sector has the second highest approved projects with 28 projects worth US$63 million, up from projects valued at US$25 million last year. Other sectors are also growing significantly for instance we have also seen growth in the services sector. We also have investments in the agriculture, construction, transport, tourism and energy sectors.
HN: From past experiences do you think the projects approved by ZIA in different sectors of the economy will be implemented?
RM: Of course, we expect that these projects will be implemented; otherwise we would not approve them. When these investors submit their project proposals they definitely have serious intentions and they would not go out of their way to incur costs related to submission of proposals if they were not serious. However, some projects may face challenges along the way and may not end up seeing the light of day for various reasons. I must also caution that we should not expect these approved projects to be consummated overnight, which is why we give a two-year window from time of approval to allow the investors to put everything together. Of course, depending on complexity, some projects can be implemented in a relatively short timeframe.
HN: What progress has been made since the launch of the one-stop-shop concept?
RM: The one-stop-shop is currently operational as a physical entity, but we want to progress towards a virtual or digital one-stop shop where government agencies will be linked up electronically. In this regard we have already developed a combined on-line application form, which will enable investors to submit their applications on-line to the respective government agencies
HN: How beneficial do you think the Special Economic Zones (SEZs) are going to be to investment?
RM: As you may be aware, the SEZs provide an array of incentives, both fiscal and non-fiscal, that qualifying investors will be able to enjoy, thus making the country more attractive as a destination for investment.
HN: Has the Look East Policy spurred investment in Zimbabwe?
RM: If you look at our investment statistics, you will see that countries like China and India are key investment source markets across all sectors of our economy. This shows that the Look East policy has indeed borne fruit. However, I wish to state that we welcome any legitimate investment from all corners of the world and we desire to see more investment coming from the non-traditional source markets such as the emerging economies and the former Eastern European countries.
HN: Consultations for the 2018 budget have started, what in your view should the Finance minister include in their budget statement to promote investment.
RM: We are still undertaking consultations to prepare our input into the national budget, which will be submitted to the minister at the appropriate time for their consideration.
MasterCard Inc (MA.N), the world's second-largest payments network, reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue as people spent more using credit and debit cards, sending its shares up as much as 3 percent to a record high.
MasterCard and bigger rival Visa Inc (V.N) generate revenue by facilitating credit- and debit-card transactions and their fortunes are closely tied to the health of the economy and consumer spending.
U.S. economic data has been largely positive in the past few months - the labor market has shown signs of improvement, while average wages are also up.
Underpinned by a recovering global and U.S. economy, stocks of both MasterCard and Visa, which share a global duopoly, have surged about 19 percent in the past year.
But the companies are facing increasing competition from digital payment services as more people use smartphones to make payments, forcing them to ramp up their own e-wallet offerings.
MasterCard said on Tuesday it spent $170 million on advertising and marketing in the first quarter, up 26 percent, to support the rollout of Masterpass - its digital wallet service.
Advertising and marketing spending in the second quarter is also expected to increase by about $40 million from the year-ago period, Chief Financial Officer Martina Hund-Mejean said on a call with analysts.
They also said near-term revenue growth would be affected by a rise in incentives in new and renewed agreements.
MasterCard's net income rose 12.7 percent to $1.08 billion in the first quarter ended March 31. On an adjusted basis, the company earned $1.01 per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 95 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Total revenue rose 11.8 percent to $2.73 billion, beating the average estimate of $2.65 billion. (mstr.cd/2qthx67)
MasterCard, which processes more than 65,000 transactions a minute, said adjusted gross dollar volumes rose 8 percent to $1.18 trillion in the quarter on a local currency basis.
Cross-border volumes - the value of transactions made by cardholders abroad - increased 13 percent on a local currency basis.
Total costs rose to $1.23 billion from $1.09 billion a year earlier than advertising and marketing spend increased.
The company reiterated its 2016-2018 guidance of revenue growth in low double-digits and full-year 2017 operating expenses to grow in the high single-digit range.
MasterCard's shares were up 2.3 percent at $119.10 in morning trading.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
WASHINGTON The United States is aware of a higher-than-usual level of activity by Chinese bomber planes, signalling a possible heightened state of readiness, U.S. officials told Reuters on Thursday, but downplayed concerns and left open a range of possible reasons.
None of the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, suggested alarm or signalled that they knew the precise reason for such Chinese activity. Those possibilities include defensive exercises or Chinese concerns over North Korea.
U.S. officials have long speculated that North Korea could soon stage another nuclear test or carry on with missile tests.
The comments to Reuters came before U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday cited, without explanation, "some very unusual moves" that they said had been taken over the last two or three hours. It was not immediately clear what they were referring to.
Trump was speaking about Chinese activities to put pressure on Pyongyang when they said:
"Some very unusual moves have been made over the last two or three hours and I really have confidence that the (Chinese) president will try very hard. We don't know whether or not they're able to do that but I have absolute confidence that they will be trying very very hard," Trump said.
Trump has taken a hard line with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has rebuffed admonitions from sole major ally China and proceeded with nuclear and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
China forces U.S. companies to adopt a variety of arrangements designed to transfer technology to Chinese firms. These include rules that force U.S. companies to partner with Chinese companies, conduct R&D in China, and license technology at below market prices, Navarro wrote.
Navarro explained:
Many U.S. companies have raised concerns about losing IP to an array of foreign countries, but their concerns about China's pervasive and strategic behavior are the most pressing. As part of a far-ranging strategy, China has adopted an industrial policy specifically designed to force the transfer of technology from American businesses to Chinese firms in order to gain an unfair advantage and build a dominant global presence. China's joint venture requirement for certain American companies is the poster child for its strategy. Companies that want to produce in China and sell into the Chinese market must enter into joint ventures that result in their technology being turned over to their Chinese partners. The United States, on the other hand, imposes no such reciprocal requirements.
Increasingly, China is also forcing U.S. companies to localize their research and development — the seed corn of future IP — on Chinese soil. Further, China is coercing American firms into providing its state-owned enterprises with below-market acquisition and licensing terms while asserting ownership over any improvements made to the licensed technology.
Despite repeated attempts by the U.S. government to negotiate fair and reciprocal rules regarding IP protections, China keeps tightening the screws. Last November, it passed a new cybersecurity law, despite deep concerns from the American business community that it may give China legal authority to require data localization, restrict cross-border data flows and impose national security reviews. In addition to the obvious problems with these actions, they also may create a backdoor method to accessing United States data, encryption and source code under the guise of Chinese national security. More broadly, China's “secure and controllable” standards discourage Chinese firms from buying United States products and technologies, impeding United States exports.
These forms of state-sponsored forced technology transfer are truly a devil's bargain.
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood scored 14 points and Penn moved to 5-0 in Ivy League play by holding off Yale, 59-50 on Saturday night.
The Quakers have hosted Brown and Yale on the same weekend 59 times in its history. They swept the two-game series for the 39th time after beating the Bears 95-90 in overtime Friday night. Penn has beaten Yale 106 times in 133 meetings.
Penn took a 31-25 lead into intermission, and Ryan Betley opened the second half by drilling a 3 and Max Rothschild converted at the basket to make it 36-25.
Antonio Woods finished with 13 points for Penn (15-6, 5-0). Betley added 12 points and Rothschild 10, and AJ Brodeur pulled down nine boards.
The Asia version of Super Robot Wars X will release in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand on April 26, 2018
Published 4:50 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Fans of the Super Robot Wars franchise will be pleased to know that a new game in the series has been announced for the PlayStation 4 (PS4) and PS Vita and is slated to come in 2018 with English subtitles.
Following the footsteps of Super Robot Wars V, Bandai Namco Entertainment Asia released a trailer for an English-subtitled version of Super Robot Wars X, which will feature its own universes-colliding story as the machines from multiple anime and game universes are drafted into a war on a new world.
The game will feature the machines from the following media:
The Unchallengeable Daitarn 3
Aura Battler Dunbine
New Story of Aura Battler Dunbine
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam
Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack – Beltorchika's Children (Mechs only)
Mobile Suit Gundam F91
Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz
Mobile Suit Crossbone Gundam: The Steel Seven
Gundam Reconguista in G
Mashin Hero Wataru
Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water
Brave Express Mightgaine
Gurren Lagann
Gurren Lagann The Movie: The Lights in the Sky are Stars
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2
True Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!
True Mazinger ZERO vs Great General of Darkness
Mazinkaiser
Buddy Complex
Buddy Complex Final Act –Into the Skies of Tomorrow-
Cross Ange: Rondo of Angels and Dragons
Super Robot Wars X is set for release in Japan on March 29, 2018.
The Asia version, which will come with English subtitles, is slated to release in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand on April 26, 2018. – Rappler.com
On an island about 4 miles off of Kodiak, marine scientists working with the University of Alaska are trying to figure out why Pacific cod stocks are crashing in the Gulf of Alaska.
And, how climate change may be affecting the fish when they're young.
Mike Litzow and, their wife, Alisa Abookire, try to pull in a beach seine on a soggy gray day on Long Island. But, they catch more seaweed than fish as they slowly sink deeper into the shore's mud.
“We have to get some kelp out, Liz,” Litzow said. “Oh no, it's the freaking motherload. This will be our day right here if we aren't careful.”
This isn't a normal fishing trip.
The marine scientists are collaborating on a study for the University of Alaska Fairbanks to figure out why Pacific cod stocks are declining in the Gulf of Alaska and how warming waters may be affecting the species when they're young.
But to do that, they need cod to study, which is why they're currently struggling to pull in a net. When the seine's finally on shore, Litzow begins counting up the catch.
There aren't any cod among the small flopping fish, but every specimen is still inspected and recorded before they're tossed back into the water.
Litzow isn't surprised they're not catching any cod today because it's probably too early for them to come into shore.
As it becomes warmer though, more and more fish will begin to appear, including the small cod they're looking for.
“Over the winter and we'd set five sets and get like at the low point, 15 fish. And then in the summer, if you hit a big school fish you can get like 15,000 in one set.”
Once juvenile cod begin to show up in their net, Litzow and Abookire will measure them; examine the fish to figure out what they're eating; and collect the small ear bones, or the otoliths, of the cod, which will be used to determine the temperature of the water the fish grew up in.
“There are all kinds of information you can get over time once you catch the fish.”
The reason it's important to collect this data is the Gulf of Alaska has been unusually warm for the past few years. In that time, cod populations have crashed.
Cod is an important commercial fishery in the gulf and the quota was recently cut by about 80 percent for 2018.
The unusually warm water in the gulf is connected to climate change, Litzow said.
They believe, the reason the cod population declined so quickly is that juvenile cod couldn't find enough food to sustain themselves in these warmer temperatures.
That's only a hypothesis right now, which is why Litzow and Abookire are trying to collect as much information that will help explain the collapse.
“As you get a number of years together you can start to understand something about how environmental changes are affecting the population,” they said. “That's the ultimate goal, but it does take a few years to get enough data to be able to answer questions like that.” Litzow and Abookire will be taking a lot more trips to cast their net to see what more they can learn about how cod are being affected by the changing climate in the Gulf of Alaska.
Scroll for more content...
A planet-hunting instrument has captured the first confirmed image of a newborn planet that's still forming in our galaxy.
To the right of the black circle at the center of the image, the round bright planet can be seen within the disk of gas and dust around the young dwarf star PDS 70. Of course, the center isn't naturally this dark. Instead, the researchers used a coronagraph to block the bright light of the star in order to look at the disk and the planet.
It's carving out a path through the disk around the star, which is in the Centaurus constellation. The protoplanetary disk is the "planet factory" full of gas and dust around young stars. The planet was found in a gap in this disk, which means it is close to where it was born and still growing by accumulating material from the disk.
The planet, dubbed PDS 70b, was detected by an international team using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile and its planet-hunting instrument, called SPHERE. The instrument is considered to be one of the most powerful planet hunters in existence.
The discovery by two teams of researchers is detailed in two papers published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics on Monday.
"These discs around young stars are the birthplaces of planets, but so far only a handful of observations has detected hints of baby planets in them," Miriam Keppler of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy, who led one team, said in a statement. "The problem is that until now, most of these planet candidates could just have been features in the disc."
André Müller, also with the Max Planck institute and leader of the second team, said in a statement that "Keppler's results give us a new window onto the complex and poorly-understood early stages of planetary evolution. We needed to observe a planet in a young star's disc to really understand the processes behind planet formation."
SPHERE was able to measure the planet's brightness at different wavelengths, which enabled the researchers to determine the properties of its atmosphere.
This is incredibly challenging, because even though SPHERE used the coronagraph to block the star, it had to seek out the planet's signal in multiple ways.
Researchers were able to determine that it's a giant gas planet and has a blisteringly hot surface temperature of 1,832 degrees Fahrenheit. This is at least a few times the mass of Jupiter, the largest gas giant in our solar system, and well above the highest temperature recorded on any planet in our solar system.
They also deduced that it has a cloudy atmosphere.
Although the planet looks close to its star in the image, it's 1,864,113,576 miles away. That's the same distance as Uranus from our sun. It takes the planet 120 years to orbit the star, which fits with astronomers' predictions that gas giants would need to form quite far from their stars.
Directly imaging the planet is a game-changer. Going forward, researchers will be able test models of how planets form and learn more about the history of how the earliest planetary systems formed, like our own solar system.
"After more than a decade of enormous efforts to build this high-tech machine, now SPHERE enables us to reap the harvest with the discovery of baby planets!" Thomas Henning, director at the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy and leader of the teams, said in a statement.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A bartender in Santa Ana was trying to do a trick to usher in the New Year when they inadvertently set a female customer on fire.
The incident occurred about 30 minutes into the New Year at Lola Gaspar, which is located on the 200 block of West 2nd Street.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
According to ABC 7, authorities said a bartender poured alcohol onto the bar … and lit it on fire.” Police said that “the trick quickly backfired, catching a woman's face and hair on fire.”
The woman was transported to an area hospital, but no word about the extent of their injuries was released.
An investigation by Santa Ana police and the Orange County Fire Authority is under way.
New Santa Ana reports there were no other injuries.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
LONDON, April 13 The global oil market is close to balance after nearly three years of excess supply, as production cuts by the world's largest exporters offset a longer-term decline in demand in the richest nations, the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Thursday.
The Paris-based agency said preliminary data showed oil stocks across industrialised nations fell by 17.2 million barrels in March, resulting in an increase of 38.5 million barrels, or 425,000 barrels per day (bpd), in the first three months of the year.
"The net result is that global stocks might have marginally increased in the first quarter versus an implied draw of about 0.2 million bpd," the IEA said.
Overall crude stocks in member countries of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development fell by 8.1 million barrels in February to 3.055 billion barrels, still 330 million barrels above the five-year average, the IEA said. (Reporting by Amanda Cooper; Editing by Jason Neely and Dale Hudson)
The track team had a successful meet over the weekend. The 49er Classic, held at the Irwin Belk Track & Field Center in North Carolina, meant tremendous success for the women who placed in different competitions.
Juniors Kyra Atkins (Greer, South Carolina), Kiana Davis (Ooltewah, Tennessee) and Starr Graham (Alpharetta, Georgia) placed 2nd, 12th and 46th in the women's 100m run.
Freshman Jessica Lord (Morristown, Tennessee) and senior Vicki Franse (Clinton, Tennessee) placed 5th and 35th in the women's 400m run.
Senior Niki Smith (Urbandale, Iowa) and Freshman Aliyah Hill (Snellville, Georgia) placed 16th and 39th in the women's 400m hurdles. Senior Macy Carrier (Bluff City, Tennessee) placed 7th in the women's 3000m Steeplechase while first-year student Lindsay Bruce (Knoxville, Tennessee) placed 59th in the women's 5000m run.
Sophomore Mia DePillo (Fort, Wayne, Indiana) placed 16th in the women's 1000m run. Lastly, Jaden Finch (Glen Aubrey, New York) and Atlantis Warren (Memphis, Tennessee) placed 19th and 40th in the women's discus event.
The men also met some success in competitions. Senior Noah Charles (Johnson City) placed 3rd in the men's 3000m Steeplechase and first-year student Matthew Scarr (Wamberal, NSW, Australia) placed 6th in the men's 1500m run. Freshman Ben Varghese (Kingsport, Tennessee) placed 12th in the men's 5000m run.
The Bucs would go into another successful event the next day placing in a number of events. The Bucs were able to accomplish a tremendous amount of goals during the meet, competing against several schools and lots of talents.
The Bucs showcased their talents by bringing their A-game to the meet. The Bucs will travel to Columbia, South Carolina, next for the Weems Baskins Invitational, spanning two days of events.
It's still early in the season, but the Bucs have the chance come out of the season with some incredible success.
PARRAMATTA Eels enforcer Kenny Edwards has started speaking again to the abusive father they have “hated all my life” but says they will never forget the torment they were subjected to growing up in New Zealand.
Writing for Exclusive Insight Edwards admits their bad boy image is one that is well earned but insists the inspiration provided by their two children will enable them to finally change their ways.
The 28-year-old pleaded guilty to common assault in February after an incident involving their former partner Madison Campbell and came in for widespread criticism on the field for a late hit on prone Broncos winger Jonus Pearson in Round 21.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
Their volatile and unpredictable nature makes them a lightning rod for detractors who highlight their apparent lack of discipline but Edwards says missing World Cup selection for New Zealand and the influence of their children will see them bring to an end the grubby acts that have been the calling cards of their career to date.
They have also gone some way to moving past the horrors of their childhood that they have carried throughout their career.
“My dad was abusive towards my mum all the time — I hated them all my life, and blamed them for a lot of things that happened in my life,” Edwards said.
“I have only recently begun talking to them — but our relationship will never be the same. I have forgiven him, but they know they can't change what they have done in the past.
“I remember there were times as a kid, we would go weeks on end with nothing in the kitchen pantry.
“I would steal food from school for my little brother and I, just so we didn't go to bed feeling hungry.”
Camera Icon Eels back-rower Kenny Edwards on the charge against Penrith. Picture: News Corp Australia
Aware of their reputation in the public eye, Edwards is determined to leave their troubled past behind so they can be a positive influence on their two children who they only gets to see every second weekend after their relationship with their mother broke down.
“My daughter is six and they can read now — if they walk past a shop and sees their father on the back of the newspaper for some negative stuff, I know it'd break their heart. So I've got to clean up my act,” Edwards conceded.
“It's hard with myself and their mother breaking up, but I never wanted to be someone that was away from their kids because my own father did that to me at an early age and I hated it.
“I'm certain that my discipline was a key factor as to why I was not considered for New Zealand for this year's Rugby League World Cup team — that was a massive wake-up call.
“A few years ago, the omission wouldn't have even troubled me.
“But I'm grown, and want so much for myself now.”
Over the last twenty four hours or so we've seen reports of numerous white supremacist marchers in Charlottesville who also show up in meet-and-greet type photos with members of Congress and candidates for office. Needless to say, they're all Republicans. We're looking into this. But I want to add some context and suggestions about what this means and what it doesn't.
Politicians take countless meet-and-greet type photos with supporters and constituents. Staffers do their best to vet the most radioactive people. But there's really know way for a politician to know the political views or even necessarily the public activism – up to a point – of everyone they momentarily stand next to for a photo. It is not reasonable to impute support for the person's views or even knowledge of them based on such a photo.
But these photos are not inconsequential. These kinds of photos, usually taken at an elected official's office or at a fundraiser, are good prima facie evidence of activist involvement in Republican politics. You don't get these opportunities unless you're a local GOP activist, a contributor or a member of an allied activist group. That is significant.
Last year, the father of accused Pulse nightclub massacre shooter Omar Mateen showed up in the crowd at a Hillary campaign event. He's the father, not the perp. But in any case, anybody can get into a rally. These meet-and-greet photos are different. So while it is largely unfair to impute guilt by association to particular GOP officeholders who stood for a few moments for a photo, it is quite fair to see these as examples that neo-nazi and white supremacist activists commonly organize within and are welcomed within the GOP.
St. Martin battles No. 2 ranked Starkville 9:00 a.m. Saturday at Jackson State in the Class 6A Girls State Quarterfinals.
The flight was already shaping up as a classic holiday season travel headache and the plane had not even left the ground.
Mei Rui, an acclaimed concert pianist and a cancer researcher, was supposed to catch a Spirit Airlines flight from their home in Houston to Newark on Friday. The trip was for a recording connected with a clinical cancer study in New York City. The plans were made months ago. Rui's elderly mother and father were along for the ride, as was their two-year-old son.
But the 6:30 a.m. flight was repeatedly delayed due to weather, stranding passengers in the cabin, they said, a fact confirmed by flight data. When it finally seemed like the jet was ready to go, they began breastfeeding their son, hoping it would put them to sleep — and keep them from crying — on the three-hour ride.
"Every parent with a young child can image, you don't want to be that parent on the plane," they told The Washington Post. "It would be very embarrassing. I was just trying to avoid that."
According to Rui, while the plane's door was still open and people were moving about the cabin. A few flight attendants walked by without saying anything. Then one approached Rui and said their baby had to be in their seat for takeoff.
"I asked for just a couple more minutes to finish because if they woke up at that point they would have made a lot of noise," Rui said. "I said, 'I promise I'll finish before you close the plane's door.'"
The flight attendants conferred at the front of the plane. Rui stopped feeding their son, and as they predicted, the baby began crying. That was when the crew instructed Rui they needed to get off the plane, they told The Post. With their cellphone camera rolling, Rui asked why they were being asked to leave if the baby was strapped in.
"It's not like I was resistant, I put them in the seat," they said. "If they had shown a little compassion, it wouldn't have happened, they didn't have to let it escalate."
Eventually, the crew announced all the passengers had to get off the phone. At the end of the jetway, police officers were waiting as the mom struggled along with their crying son. A Spirit Airlines representative told them they would not be allowed back on board.
"I just want to know why we were kicked off the plane?" Rui asked the airline representative as they and a handful of uniformed officers blocked them from the plane gate.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Irrigation projects that aim to improve Kansas's diminishing underground water supply will be showcased across the state this month.
The state's more than 15 Water Technology Farms will show farmers in western Kansas how to use less irrigation water on their crops.
One technology is a precision mobile drip irrigation system that aims to increase efficiency.
The first technology farms were implemented in 2016. They test the latest irrigation equipment on a large level.
Gov. Sam Brownback began working on a plan to preserve the state's water resources shortly after taking office. Irrigation wells are drawing water from the Ogallala Aquifer at a rate that could leave the aquifer 70 percent depleted by 2064.
More than 95 percent of that water is used for irrigation.
* To supply full contract volume for May
* Offers incremental Arab Extra Light to some buyers
* One buyer says no cut for Arab Heavy supplies in May (Recasts, adds details)
By Florence Tan and Osamu Tsukimori
SINGAPORE/TOKYO, April 12 The world's top oil exporter Saudi Arabia has stepped up sales of light oil to Asia by offering buyers more cargoes on top of the full contract volumes it will provide for May, industry sources with knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday.
The offers will add to a glut of light oil supplies in Asia, increasing competition with fellow Gulf producer Abu Dhabi National Oil Co and Russia, said multiple sources, who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.
"There will be less demand for light grades such as Das, Murban, ESPO and Sokol," said a Singapore-based trader, referring to crude grades from Abu Dhabi and Russia.
State-owned oil company Saudi Aramco has also priced its Arab Extra Light crude at a competitive level, another trader said, after lowering the grade's May official selling price to the lowest in eight months.
Saudi Aramco plans to supply full volumes of crude to least six buyers in Asia in May, the sources said, despite cutting production to comply with a deal between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC producers.
OPEC and some non-OPEC producers pledged to cut output in the first half of 2017 to support oil prices.
To comply with the deal, Saudi Arabia has cut production of medium-heavy oil to keep its overall output lower. But it has kept supplies to Asia steady so far this year as it defends its market share in the world's fastest oil-demand growth region against other producers.
In line with its strategy, Saudi Aramco reduced Arab Medium crude supplies and replaced it with Arab Light for some customers, the sources said.
Still, a buyer who has previously received cuts to their Arab Heavy term supplies said they will be getting the full contract volume of the heavy oil in May.
Since the OPEC cuts, medium-heavy crude supplies from the Middle East to Asia have tightened, incentivising traders to move similar oil from Europe and the Americas to meet Asia's demand. nL3N1H43HP]
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori in TOKYO and Florence Tan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Paul Tait and Christian Schmollinger)
In January, Sheriff Darryl Daniels of Clay County, Florida, had officers film the aftermath of a SWAT raid on a residence, but the statements Daniels made in the now-viral video don't add up, according to a new report.
The video begins by showing a line of youths handcuffed and sitting on the sidewalk before showing a number of officers, some wearing masks over their faces even after the bust. About two dozen officers can be seen in the video outside the residence.
​There are also two Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) armored vehicles on scene. MRAPs are military vehicles designed for surviving improvised explosive devices (IEDs) in Iraq, but which police departments across the United States typically get for free from the Pentagon under its 1033 program.
The camera pans to Daniels. They tell the viewer, "we just served a search warrant on a narcotics house," before proceeding to the front door. As they do so, the camera focuses on a smashed window.
Youtube / chwder50 Breach Fail: FBI SWAT Team Gets Humiliated by a Door
"One day, you'll be sleeping at night or early one morning and you'll hear a bang and a lot of noise and the end result and the outcome will be me standing in your living room, like I said, drinking my morning cup of coffee," the sheriff says after entering the residence. They then takes a sip of coffee from their thermal mug, emblazoned with their office's badge. "Fifteen going to jail, three big gulps," they say.
The video was shared more than 30,000 times on Facebook and has been watched more than 3.4 million times.
The raid was ostensibly to find heroin and fentanyl, according to journalist George Joseph, who obtained records on the raid, in an article in The Appeal on May 30. Fentanyl is a dangerous opioid often mixed with heroin to increase its potency.
However, no opioids were found at the residence. Sergeant Keith Smith, a spokesperson for the Clay County Sheriff's Office, said that they found 1.2 grams of a substance that they believed was heroin and fentanyl after a field test, but which more tests revealed was not an illicit drug at all.
A former Clay County sheriff's deputy who requested anonymity over fear of police retribution told The Appeal that it came as no surprise that the officers never found any opioids. "Of course they didn't, there never was any." They went to say that that the faulty field test could have been avoided, but "the really good ones cost money, but those take away your probable cause."
Police officers in the US are required establish "probable cause," a legalistic term that basically means officers have a good reason to search a person or their property, which are protected by the Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution against "unreasonable" searches and seizures.
"It's probably the cheapest ones they could get to do the minimum standards for an investigation," the anonymous former officer said.
The former officer also noted that the actual controlled substances uncovered at the residence — 34.8 grams of marijuana — don't account for the charges brought against two of the people caught up in the raid, who were charged for possession of more than 20 grams each.
The raid only resulted in six arrests, including five adults and one juvenile. It isn't clear what the juvenile was accused of, as police are forbidden from disclosing such information about minors. Four of the adults were charged for marijuana possession and three were charged for possessing drug equipment. One suspect was arrested for a positive field test of MDMA and allegedly had a few grams of cocaine.
© AP Photo / David Goldman Cops Who Maimed Infant With Grenade Blame Baby for 'Criminal Conduct'
The amount of marijuana discovered indicates that it was for personal use and not meant to be distributed, a different sheriff told The Appeal.
The Clay County Sheriff's Office also deployed four flashbang grenades during the raid; however, no weapons were discovered at the house. A baby was present in the house at the time of the raid, according to News4Jax.
"He's creating a self-aggrandizing mythology," the former Clay County deputy told The Appeal. "It's all choreographed — such a chicken sh*t bust, instead of the MRAPs and a SWAT team, they could have used two deputies for that."
SWAT raids have proliferated in the United States in the past few decades. In 1981, there were 3,000 no-knock raids in the US, but that number grew to 50,000 by the year 2005. Criminologist Peter Kraska estimated that there could be as many as 80,000 per year, according to a 2014 article by the Washington Post.
Robert Godwin Sr. was walking home from an Easter meal with their family when they were shot by a stranger, who then posted a video of the murder to Facebook.
The gruesome video stayed up for hours on Sunday before it was removed by Facebook. It continues to be shared online.
It's just the latest in a growing list of disturbing videos of murder, suicide, torture and beheading published on Facebook, however briefly, either through live broadcasts or video uploads.
The new video is reigniting old questions about how the social network handles offensive content: How many people does Facebook have moderating and flagging this type of content globally? What is the average response time for removing it? And does Facebook save the content for law enforcement after it's deleted?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Facebook, like some of its peers in the tech industry, has traditionally stayed vague on these details, other than pointing to its community standards. On Monday, Facebook called the shooting "a horrific crime."
"We do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said in a statement provided to CNNTech. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
A source close to Facebook says it has "thousands" of people reviewing content around the world. Once a piece of content is reported by users as inappropriate, it is typically reviewed "within 24 hours."
RELATED: Facebook, Google, Twitter sued (again) for enabling ISIS
Facebook relies on a combination of algorithms, "actual employees" and its community of users to flag offensive content, says Stephen Balkam, founder and CEO of Family Online Safety Institute, a longtime member of Facebook's safety advisory board.
"They have reviewers in Asia, they have reviewers in Europe and they have reviewers in North America," Balkam says. But at least some of that is likely to come from more affordable contractors in Southeast Asia, according to Balkam and others.
"It's work that is treated as low status [in Silicon Valley]," says Sarah T. Roberts, an assistant professor at UCLA who studies online content moderation. "It's not the engineering department. It's the ugly and necessary output of these platforms."
Roberts also criticizes the tech companies for placing some of the burden on users. "It's actually the users who are exposed to something that they find disturbing, and then they start that process of review," they say.
That may change. In a lengthy manifesto about the future of Facebook published in February, CEO Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged "terribly tragic events -- like suicides, some live streamed -- that perhaps could have been prevented if someone had realized what was happening and reported them sooner."
Zuckerberg said Facebook is developing artificial intelligence to better flag content on the site. This system "already generates about one-third of all reports to the team that reviews content," according to Zuckerberg's post.
"It seems like a magic bullet, and it didn't help yesterday, did it?" Roberts says of the bet on AI.
Facebook isn't the only tech company going this route. Google said earlier this month it is relying on AI to pinpoint content that could be objectionable to advertisers, after a big brand boycott over extremist content on YouTube.
But as Facebook and Google build up video hubs in search of TV ad dollars, even one offensive or extremist video that slips through the cracks of human or AI moderators may be one too many.
"I don't think they understand that the correct answer is zero," says Brian Wieser, an analyst who covers both companies at Pivotal Research Group. "Of course stuff goes wrong and you will make efforts to solve that problem when those problems arrive. But the standard is zero."
The operator of an Enderby kennel has pleaded guilty to an animal cruelty charge.
Shalah Dawn Nelson, born in 1978, pleaded guilty under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act in Salmon Arm Provincial Court Monday to one count of causing an animal to continue to be in distress in connection with an incident involving a neighbour's dog at their Enderby property in December 2016.
Two Criminal Code of Canada charges of killing or injuring an animal and causing unnecessary pain/suffering to an animal against Nelson were stayed by Crown counsel.
“Based on the information received from the defence, it was determined prosecution was not required to serve the best interest of the public,” said Crown lawyer Alex Janse on why the Criminal Code charges were stayed.
Janse said in December 2016, Nelson's neighbour's dog came onto Nelson's property and, to prevent the dog from mating with their dog or their client's dogs, Nelson tied an elastic hairband around the visiting dog's testicles.
The dog went back to its home where the owner found the hairband still tied to the dog. The animal was taken to a vet and required surgery. Police were called to investigate, and when they questioned Nelson, they admitted to tying the hairband around the dog's testicles.
Judge Dennis Morgan fined Nelson $1,000 and put them on 12-months probation, which includes not having any contact with the victim dog's owner. They were also ordered to pay the owner $850 restitution.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Syrian and Kurdish authorities have reportedly blamed Turkey's Afrin offensive for blowing to bits the 3,000-year-old lion sculptures that were part of the temple of Ain Dara in northern Syria.
The structures' paws are all that the bombardment left behind, reports the Agence France-Presse (AFP) news agency, noting the temple is a testament to the Iron Age.
AFP notes:
Syrian and Kurdish authorities have blamed the damage squarely on Ankara's nearly two-week offensive on Afrin, a Kurdish-controlled pocket of northwest Syria that borders Turkey. Perched on a hilltop in northern Syria, the neo-Hittite temple of Ain Dara dates back to the Aramaic era from around 1,300 to 700 BC, and is named after a village located in Afrin. The identity of the deity worshipped there has not been officially determined, but one theory is that it is Ishtar, the goddess of love.
Turkey reportedly bombed the Ain Dara temple on January 26.
Turkish military warplanes destroyed up to 50 percent of the temple, estimated Salah el-Din Senno, an archaeologist and member of Afrin's local antiquities council.
Turkey launched the Afrin offensive against the Syrian Kurds, dubbed Operation Olive Branch, in the region on January 20.
Since then, Syrian and Kurdish officials have accused Ankara of bombarding religious and cultural structures, historical artifacts, archaeological sites, and public facilities.
Meanwhile, the Turkish military claims it has taken extra precautionary measures not to target those sites.
“Religious and cultural buildings, historical sites, archaeological ruins and public facilities are absolutely not among the targets of Turkish Armed Forces,” insists Turkey's military.
Nevertheless, the U.K.-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), which uses a network of ground sources to monitor the war-ravaged nation, reported that the Turkish military recently targeted ancient sites and mosques in and around the Afrin region.
“The Turkish military destroyed archeological sites dating back more than 1400 years and demolished the Salahaddin Mosque in the town of Raju, all while Turkish president [Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan claims they defend Muslims,” the monitor group said in a statement.
“Another mosque was bombed in Jandaris on Thursday, the SDF reported,” added the Kurdish outlet.
Fighters from the People's Protection Units (YPG), the armed wing of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), are fighting the Turkish army to protect the Kurdish-held Afrin region in Syria.
The PYD controls swathes of northern Syria where it has established an autonomous area.
Turkey has long considered the Syrian Kurdish groups to be an affiliate of the Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK), which both Ankara and Washington have deemed a terrorist organization.
Syria's temple of Ain Dara stood as “one of the most important monuments built by the Aramaeans in Syria during the first millennium BC” until last week, reports AFP, citing Syria's department of antiquities.
“Today, visitors can barely make out the dark, engraved steps that once led into the temple but are now covered with rocks and debris,” points out AFP. “And the frescoes of imposing winged animals carved in black basalt stone have been reduced to indistinguishable piles of rubble.”
The only section spared by the bombing is the temple's rear area, including a basalt sculpture of a lion standing guard, overlooking the green hills of Afrin.
Police are investigating after a fatal officer-involved shooting in Anadarko Wednesday evening.
According to Anadarko Police, the incident occurred at a home in the area of North 1st and Prairie Village Avenue. Officers responded to a call concerning a domestic disturbance around 4:50 p.m. The details are still unclear about what led to the shooting, but the male suspect in the disturbance was shot and transported to a local hospital. They were pronounced dead a short time later.
At this time, police have not released the name of the officers involved or the name of the victim.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has been called to the scene to lead the investigation.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more as it becomes available.
Woman accused of Hibbard killing found incompetent for trial
REXBURG, Idaho (AP) — A woman accused of killing their father at their southeastern Idaho home last month has been found to be incompetent to stand trial.
The Standard Journal reports Jessica Conser, who is charged with murder for the death of Matthew Travao, will be placed in a secure mental health facility for further evaluation.
Madison County defense attorney Jim Archibald says Conser was evaluated and found "not mentally stable to proceed." Treatment at the mental health facility will aim to develop competency for Conser to possibly stand trial later.
Authorities say Conser drove from Montana to Idaho last month and shot their father as they slept inside their Hibbard home.
___
Information from: Standard Journal, http://www.rexburgstandardjournal.com/
MEXICO CITY At least 24 people were killed and nine were injured on Thursday in a head-on collision in southwestern Mexico between a bus and a fuel tanker truck which exploded, seriously burning some of the victims, authorities said.
Rescue workers were still clearing the site, said an official for federal police in Petacalco just inside Guerrero state where it borders neighbouring Michoacan.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said some of the victims were severely burned after the two vehicles smashed into each other near the Pacific coast.
The state government of Guerrero said in a statement that nine people were injured in addition to the 24 dead.
Police said the bus was travelling to the coast when it hit the tanker, which had left the port of Lazaro Cardenas.
The cause of the collision was not immediately clear, the official said.
(Reporting by Dave Graham and Uriel Sanchez; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Shipwreck hunters have discovered the remains of a barge that sunk beneath the waters of Lake Erie in 1899.
The Margaret Olwill was a steamer that has managed to escape notice for decades, despite efforts to uncover its sub-aquatic location. It was loaded down with limestone headed for Cleveland when a storm took it and the eight lives aboard, among them, the captain and their wife, as well as their nine-year-old son.
The National Museum of the Great Lakes has reported its discovery by shipwreck hunter Rob Ruetschle, who began their search for the missing vessel more than 30 years ago. But searching Lake Erie is no small feat: While it is the both the warmest of the Great Lakes, and the smallest by water volume, it also freezes much more often than any of the others.
Furthermore, despite its asupervisorstioned volume, it still covers nearly 10,000 square miles of surface area. Finding anything — even the potential thousands of shipwrecks beneath its oft-frozen waters represents a worthy challenge for even the most diligent hunters.
Lake Erie is a fickle mistress at the best of times. The same sudden violence with which storms tend to hit its waters has proved as much an obstacle to the shipwreck hunters as the original voyagers. And while anywhere from hundreds to thousands might be down there somewhere, David VanZandt of the Cleveland Underwater Explorers asserts that the group “[keeps] knocking those off and the list is getting shorter.”
Ruetschle themselves describes the experience of finding the Margaret Olwill as “sort of like climbing Mount Everest for the first time.” While they no longer resides in Ohio, they return there in the summer to continue their searches. They and others have completed dives to better confirm the steam barge's identity. Now, they move on to their next mystery.
To some, he's an irritant, but to others, he's the new face of civil rights in South Mississippi. No matter how he's perceived, there's no doubt that TNathan Fairley is making waves that continue to pound away at the walls of institutional oppression.
Here's the latest on the money coming to the state of Mississippi from BP because of the oil disaster. It's the same as before. People who don't live anywhere near the coast want a chunk of the money.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — The Arizona Cardinals didn't get much offense against Tennessee. Their defense, though, was just fine.
The Cardinals held the Titans (8-5) to 204 yards, just 65 on the ground, in a 12-7 victory on Sunday that knocked Tennessee out of first place in the AFC South.
"Our defense really stepped it up," said Arizona outside linebacker Chandler Jones, who had a sack, three tackles for loss and two quarterback hits, "buying into what the coaches are preaching, and guys were just making plays."
The Cardinals (6-7) intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half, once to stop a scoring threat and later to set up one of Phil Dawson's four field goals.
Mariota said they hurt a knee in the first half but kept playing and didn't use it as an excuse.
They completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards and was just 6 of 16 for 60 yards in the second half.
"I expect myself to do my job and just taking care of the football and converting third downs," Mariota said. "I haven't been up to par, and I've got to be better."
Meanwhile, after gaining 193 yards in a win over Houston a week earlier, the Tennessee rushing game ground to a halt.
"I don't remember too many times in my time here where anybody has run the ball in this stadium against us," Arizona coach Bruce Arians said.
Dawson connected from 47, 23, 32 and 35 yards and missed one from 40. It was the eighth miss of the year for the 42-year-old kicker, tying the most in a season in their long career.
"It's inexcusable," Arians said, "but they made the next two."
The victory came two weeks after the Cardinals beat AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field. Arians improved to 7-1 against AFC South teams.
"I wish we played them every week," they said.
Here are some things to consider from Arizona's victory over the Titans:
STICKING AROUND
There was no long, brooding flight home for Tennessee after the game, just a bus ride to a resort on the other side of suburban Phoenix.
The Titans are staying in the desert next week, practicing at Arizona State University to prepare for next Sunday's game at San Francisco.
"I think this is a good opportunity for us to come together as a team," Mariota said, "especially with the circumstances with what happened. So I think it's going to be good for us, and I think we can bounce back on Sunday."
SACK CITY
Even though top pass rusher Derrick Morgan was out injured, the Titans sacked Blaine Gabbert eight times, the most by an Arizona opponent this season.
Six players had at least one sack. Jurrell Casey had two.
"It's definitely good to see us getting pressure," Tennessee linebacker Avery Williamson said. "I wish we could've got some strip sacks, but we definitely had them out of their comfort zone."
The eight sacks tied for the most for the Titans this season. They had eight against Indianapolis two weeks ago.
MARIOTA'S PICKS
Mariota was not intercepted a week ago against Houston, but they threw two against Indianapolis and four against Pittsburgh in the two games before that.
Overall, the third-year quarterback has thrown for 10 touchdowns and been intercepted 14 times this season.
Tramon Williams got the first interception and Josh Bynes the second.
Mariota said both were their fault, although receiver Rishard Matthews also took the blame for the first one.
RUN STOP
Derrick Henry, who rushed for 109 yards on 11 attempts a week earlier against Houston, gained just 20 yards in eight carries for Tennessee. Demarco Murray had 34 yards on 11 attempts.
"We were just definitely sound defensively," Bynes said. "We knew we had to stop the run, and once we stopped the run, we made them one-dimensional."
The Cardinals, who entered the game ranked last in the NFL in rushing, outgained the Titans on the ground 136-65.
FITZGERALD'S CLIMB
Larry Fitzgerald caught five passes for 44 yards, in the process moving past their boyood idol Randy Moss into third place on the NFL career yards receiving list.
Fitzgerald has 15,311 yards, behind only Jerry Rice (22,895) and Terrell Owens (15,934).
Will they catch Owens at No. 2?
"I don't know," they said. "That would require me to play another year, I think."
Fitzgerald hasn't said whether they will play next season.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Ontario's attorney general says a community justice centre (CJC) needs to reflect the community it serves as the Kenora community itself identifies the services that are needed.
The Ministry of the Attorney General held a public engagement session on the development of a CJC on Monday, April 23 that more than 70 people attended at the Seven Generations event centre.
Attorney General Yasir Naqvi said in a phone interview with the Miner that he's felt for some time that the criminal justice system is not addressing some of the fundamental issues around individuals who regularly interact with the system and may be vulnerable due to mental health issues, addiction, homelessness and poverty.
“We started exploring ways into how we could do things differently where we can provide more of a holistic approach on dealing with individuals and some of the fundamental characteristics that may lead to criminal behaviour,” they said. “I felt strongly that if we can address those fundamental issues on mental health and addiction, around homelessness and poverty, you actually not only help those people, but also contribute in a significant manner to the safety of the community.”
Naqvi said this led to looking at models like the CJCs and how they've been used in different countries, particularly the United States. Naqvi, along with the Chief Justice of the Ontario Court of Justice visited a CJC in a Brooklyn neighbourhood that had a traditional courtroom, youth programming, homelessness initiatives, caseworkers and social workers dealing with addiction issues under one roof.
“You've got the entire suite of services available right then and there, so you're addressing all those elements in an individual's life as opposed to just looking at it through the lens of the criminal justice system,” they said.
The Ministry of the Attorney General identified Kenora as one of the places in Ontario that could work as a starting point, along with Toronto's Moss Park neighbourhood and London.
Naqvi said the ministry's next step is to engage with the communities in Kenora and develop a plan for how the CJC will operate and “reflect the DNA of the community.”
Through needs assessments and conversations the ministry has already held with Kenora community members and Indigenous communities in Treaty 3 and Treaty 9, Naqvi said they're presenting the idea of a bicultural CJC that would include parallel Indigenous and conventional justice spaces with wraparound services and on-site Indigenous services and programs.
“Kenora is even unique because of the Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities living together, and we have this great opportunity to be able to provide those services to Indigenous communities based on their traditions and values,” Naqvi said.
KCharlebois@postmedia.com
