A man who has called East Midlands Ambulance Service more than 1,000 times in the last two years has been jailed again.
Dominic Thomas, who was sentenced to 19 weeks in prison in December last year for misuse of the 999 service, continued to repeatedly call EMAS on their release on 13 February.
Since their release, they have called the service 152 times in four months, resulting in five ambulances being sent to them and costing the service £5,942.
They have has been sentenced to another 10 weeks in prison after making 152 false calls to EMAS in four months.
Since EMAS identified them as a frequent caller in February 2015, Thomas has called EMAS a total of 1,137 times.
They appeared at Leicester Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, 6 June, where they pleaded guilty to the persistent use of a public communication network to cause annoyance, inconvenience and anxiety.
Thomas, from Leicester, also pleaded guilty to assaulting a Police Constable in their line of duty. They were sentenced to 10 weeks in prison, and told to pay £115 to victim services and £85 court costs.
Joanne Munro, frequent callers clinician for Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland, explained that despite the police working with Thomas on their release from prison in February to secure better accommodation and support for him, EMAS was left with no choice but to prosecute them again for misusing the service.
They said: “There are many patients who repeatedly call 999 and our team are often able to intervene and work with our local NHS and social care partners and police to understand why the patient is frequently calling and put pathways in place to make sure their health needs are met in a different way.
“We have tried to support Mr Thomas by working with the police and probation.
“Unfortunately, in the end we had to give statements to the police regarding their calls because they were a danger to the public as they were calling so frequently and preventing people with genuine emergencies from getting through to us.
“We would urge people again to make the right 999 call and only phones us in a life threatening emergency.
“We will continue to prosecute those who misuse our service to ensure that the support is there for those who need it in a real medical emergency.”
Buddy has released the video for “World of Wonders,” a cut off Ocean & Montana, a sizzling EP collaboration with Kaytranada. The new flick finds Buddy awakening from their dreamy “Find Me” video to hang out with Kaytranada for a day. Watch the buddies cavort below.
VIDEO: Zafi B – See My Baby ft. Maleek Berry
Nigeria Today
Whilst juggling their university studies in Broadcast Media and working on their debut EP, the pint-sized teenage songstress Zafi B returns with a brand-new video for their summer anthem 'See My Baby' which features prolific producer and singer-songwriter …
and more »
A man was found bleeding from at least five stab wounds after being attacked by their neighbor Sunday morning, city police said.
Police were called at 7:05 a.m. Sunday and found Paul Hitzel Jr. lying in their kitchen in the 400 block of Iron Street.
The 51-year-old Hitzel told police their neighbor George Bloomer stabbed him, and Hitzel was taken to the trauma center at St. Luke's University Hospital in Fountain Hill for treatment, police said.
Man stabbed neighbor multiple times, cops say
Hitzel was in critical condition with at least five stab wounds on their back and side, and suffered from internal bleeding and damage to one of their lungs.
Police did not immediately return a message asking for an update on Hitzel's status and what led up to what they called a "neighborhood dispute."
Officers found Bloomer at their home in the 800 block of West Wilkes Barre Street, with bleeding cuts on these hands, according to police.
Bloomer and their mother told officers the knife was inside the home, and police said they could see it, with fresh blood on it, on the floor.
The 39-year-old Bloomer was charged with attempted murder, aggravated assault and possession of an instrument of a crime. They were sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $500,000 bail.
Issues between the Hitzel family and Bloomer go back to at least 2011.
Patricia Hitzel testified Bloomer videotaped them nearly every morning as they got into their car.
In 2012, Bloomer was found not guilty of stalking, and their disorderly conduct charge was dropped, records show.
They were found guilty of resisting arrest, and was sentenced to two years of probation, where they were ordered not to go within one mile of Hitzel's house. Bloomer appealed the conviction, and was acquitted by the state Superior Court, records show.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
54 total views, 0 views today
In a sea of one hundred top hats, winter coats and smiling faces, a furry mammal is perched on a table, alone where the crowd has parted. Posters display messages honoring this squirrel-like animal. “Make Groundhog Day Great Again,” one reads. “Draft Phil for Shadow Representative,” reads another. As a gust of wind blows through Dupont Circle, the crowd collectively chants: “We love Potomac Phil!”
Potomac Phil made an appearance this morning at the annual Dupont Circle Groundhog Day in NW D.C. After an introduction and a moment of intense silence, Phil, standing tall and proud, made their prediction: six more weeks of blistering cold.
Aaron Denu, Chairman of the District's Dupont Festival Series, first organized the event in 2012. Since then, the festival has expanded. It now features an accordion player, a religious blessing by a rabbi, and free cookies and coffee.
“It's quirky, it's fun and it ties into the American folklore tradition,” Denu said. “It's a win-win.”
Denu acquired Phil in 2012, but the groundhog passed away two years later. This didn't stop the festival, though. Reluctant to give up their lovable friend, Denu enlisted a taxidermist to memorialize Phil.
Congregation Har Shalom Hazza Henrique Ozur Bass blessed Phil before the groundhog made a prediction. Bass believes that religion can unify communities even on secular holidays, they said.
“Every event in American civilization needs to be couched in the principles that brought this great country together, which are the principles of freedom and liberty, but also trust in the divine,” Bass said.
In typical D.C. fashion, Phil also makes annual political predictions. This year, the stuffed groundhog predicted six more months of political gridlock.
Many D.C. residents regularly attend the festival. Festival-goer Michaela Sweet appreciates the unifying atmosphere of the event, they said.
“It's a lot of fun. A lot of top hats, shouting and singing,” Sweet said. “What a fun way to start a Friday morning.”
The Black&White was unable to contact Potomac Phil for comment.
Armed robbery: Deceased suspect named defendant as gang member – Witness tells court
ASP Emmanuel Gabriel, a witness in alleged armed robbery case, on Tuesday told an FCT High Court, Maitama, that a deceased suspect (Okwudiri), named Reagan Abaka, a defendant in the matter, as their gang member. Abaka, 32, was arraigned on a two-count charge bordering on conspiracy and armed robbery. The prosecution had alleged that the […]
The post Armed robbery: Deceased suspect named defendant as gang member – Witness tells court appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigeria's Prof. Awosika re-elected as Chair of UN Scientific Panel
Nigeria's candidate, Prof. Lawrence Folajimi Awosika, has been re-elected as Chairman of the United Nation's Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf (CLCS). The Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in New York reports that Awosika polled 154 out of 157 votes to emerge Chair of the prestigious 21-person UN scientific body.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Buhari Threatened With Impeachment Following Purchase Of $462m Jets.
Buhari's purchase of $462m jets for the military has been condemned as an “impeachable offence” according to Members of the House of Representatives. As without appropriation by the National Assembly the purchase wasn't approved. Buhari is buying 12 Tucano aircraft from the US which will arrive in 2020. The lawmakers were angry when Mr. Yakubu […]
The post Buhari Threatened With Impeachment Following Purchase Of $462m Jets. appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Artist Who Drew Trump Beheading Lady Liberty is a Cuban Refugee
Kellyanne Conway retweeted a white nationalist on Tuesday morning shortly after Matt Lauer told them that their Mike Flynn explanation “made no sense” but claims that somebody else must have been in control of their Twitter account.
Buzzfeed reports:
Kellyanne Conway wasn't really feeling the love Tuesday morning, after Today host Matt Lauer said their responses made no sense when they appeared to dodge their repeated questions about Gen. Mike Flynn's resignation as the National Security Adviser.
So when Twitter user, Lib Hypocrisy, complimented them for their “strength and resiliency in face of vile hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left,” and said “Love you!” Conway responded gratefully.
Conway not only retweeted Lib Hypocrisy's tweet, but also told the Twitter user, “Love you back” and wished them “Hapless Haters” a happy Valentine's Day.
Lib Hypocrisy's account features an icon representing alt-right symbol (Pepe the) frog and contains hashtags denoting the user as a #WhiteIdentity #Nationalist.
Conway told Buzzfeed:
“I don't know who had access to my account….Let me see who tweeted that…That's terrible…I denounce whoever it is…It will be immediately deleted. Everybody makes mistakes.”
Everybody except Hillary Clinton, right?
DALLAS (AP) — Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when they scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing their seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights — and bargaining power — vary greatly between them.
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space — called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
"The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash," said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, they added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped them from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. They calculated that they were entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of their ticket, and they turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said they could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation — usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
"My advice would be to start high," said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. "If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher)."
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be "a solid starting point."
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped — the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 — while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights — although some, like JetBlue, say they don't — on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be canceled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
— Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
— If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
— Ask when the travel voucher expires — typically they are good for one year — and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
— Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, "don't get stressed."
"Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday."
___
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy, left, stands with President Donald Trump during a reception for inaugural law enforcement officers and first responders in the Blue Room of the White House, Sunday, Jan. 22, 2017 in Washington. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Secret Service director is retiring, for a second time.
Director Joseph Clancy came out of retirement more than two years ago to take over the embattled agency amid a series of embarrassing scandals and security missteps.
Clancy was made the interim director in late 2014 and President Barack Obama made the job permanent in early 2015. The agency announced their retirement in a tweet Tuesday.
Their departure means that President Donald Trump will now pick the person they want to lead the agency tasked with protecting them and their family among others.
Clancy, who will leave the Secret Service in March, was tapped to lead the agency after then-Director Julia Pierson was forced out after security breaches were made public in newspaper reports.
In a note to the agency, Clancy said it was time to leave the agency again for "personal reasons."
"My love for this agency has only complicated the decision further, but for personal reasons it is time," Clancy wrote. "I can assure you better days are ahead for this agency with new leadership at the director's position."
Clancy added that the search for a new directed has started.
Though largely praised for their leadership, Clancy's tenure was not without its own scandals.
Twice they had to go to Capitol Hill to explain the misdeeds of agents. Perhaps the most embarrassing was the unauthorized review of Rep. Jason Chaffetz's decade-old job application with the agency.
Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, had led investigations into allegations of wrongdoings and scandals at the Secret Service. Tuesday they praised Clancy's leadership and thanked them for their service.
They also encouraged Trump to look outside the agency for a new director.
___
Follow Alicia A. Caldwell on Twitter at www.twitter.com/acaldwellap
BOSTON (AP) — On the heels of President Donald Trump's State of the Union address, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is expected to target the recently approved federal tax overhaul during a town hall-style meeting in Massachusetts.
Pelosi's appearance at the event in Cambridge on Thursday is part of what organizers say is a nationwide tour featuring members of Congress and others to call attention to the Republican tax plan.
Democratic Rep. Katherine Clark of Massachusetts also is expected to take part.
Trump lauded the tax overhaul during their speech to the nation Tuesday night, saying it would offer "tremendous relief" to middle class families and small businesses.
Pelosi and other Democrats say the plan gives tax breaks to wealthy individuals and corporations at the expense of working families.
This time of year is typically second only to November in terms of vehicle vs. deer wrecks.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Darjeeling: An RTI reply suggests the Centre did precious little after promising a meeting on Darjeeling in September that Bimal Gurung had seized upon to call off the 104-day hills strike last year.
On September 26, 2017, Union home minister Rajnath Singh had issued a direct appeal to Gurung to lift the strike and said they had asked the Union home secretary to convene an official-level meeting in the home ministry “within a fortnight to discuss all related issues”.
Within hours of the appeal, Gurung had asked for the bandh to be lifted in the hills.
In November, a Darjeeling resident who does not want to be identified had sought information under the RTI Act “on the official-level meeting that was proposed to take place by the Honb'le HM while appealing to the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha to withdraw the bandh in Darjeeling hills”.
On January 2 this year, the Darjeeling resident received the reply: “It is informed that CPIO (central public relations officer) can furnish already created information as defined in Section 2(f) of the Act.”
A hand-written note added: “Hence, information from this CPIO may please be treated as nil.”
Asked on Sunday, home ministry sources in Delhi said “all stakeholders” were not available, indirectly blaming the Bengal government.
The suggestion that little or no effort has been made after the promise is expected to further queer the pitch for the BJP in the hills, which had sent the party's candidate to the Lok Sabha.
Gurung's standing, already on thin ice, is likely to be further undermined by the disclosure.
Gurung, after having failed to get relief from the Supreme Court on their possible arrest, appeared to be clutching at the straw of the central promise even now.
In a video message released on Saturday from an undisclosed location, Gurung referred to Rajnath's appeal and stressed the need to hold talks involving him, the Centre and the Bengal government.
The camp of Binay Tamang, the new power centre in the hills, said the RTI reply had exposed the BJP's insincerity. “The most important issue is that even the Union home minister seems to have made a hollow promise to Gurung. It is clear that the BJP was not sincere in solving the problem,” a leader said.
[Via: The Telegraph]
21 total views, 2 views today
Comments
comments
ROME — An Italian man who drove their car last week into pedestrians near a Christmas market in the northern town of Sondrio had been aiming to kill.
Sondrio Prosecutor Claudio Gittardi confirmed Italian media reports Monday the suspect is being investigated for wanting to carry out a massacre. The car struck and seriously injured a woman Saturday at an outdoor skating rink near the Sondrio market before crashing into a pillar.
Two others who had been strolling in the pedestrian-only square suffered light injuries in the crash, which was originally blamed on drunk driving.
“As things stand, the incident seems to have been determined by personal dynamics and not with the aim of terrorism,” according to police who investigated, Gittardi said in an email to The AP. The prosecutor didn't elaborate.
ANSA said the suspect, 27, when they were arrested at the scene, said that they “should have killed more” people.
BOYS BASKETBALL
Royall vs Blair-Taylor at JAG
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Royall vs Blair-Taylor at JAG
BOYS WRESTLING
Necedah, New Lisbon, Royall and Hillsboro take part in the Scenic Bluffs Meet at Hillsboro
GIRLS HOCKEY
Tomah hosts Somerset
Source: WRJC.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Apple Reversed Its iPhone Slump. But What's Next?
Apple has snapped out of the first sales slump in the iPhone's decade-long history, although the modest upturn doesn't mean that it has broken out of its innovation funk.
If anything, the numbers Apple released Tuesday highlight the company's growing dependence on the iPhone, whose sales tower above Apple's other current offerings. The company hasn't managed to come up with another breakthrough product since its chief visionary, Steve Jobs, died in 2011.
Meanwhile, Apple's rivals have been rolling out new products in other promising fields such as augmented reality, virtual reality and artificial intelligence. Apple currently trails in those areas, although many analysts believe the company may try to catch up with products featuring those trendy technologies later this year.
No matter what's coming down the pike, the iPhone remains a huge moneymaker. Its success is the main reason Apple boasts a market value of $640 billion -- more than any other company.
The iPhone is also driving the rapid growth of Apple's services division, which makes money from fixing devices, selling music streaming subscriptions and commissions on sales of mobile apps. Apple's services revenue surged 18 percent to $7.2 billion in the past quarter, putting it on pace generate enough annual revenue by itself to rank among the world's largest companies.
iPhones on the Rise Again ... Barely
But selling more iPhones has been getting tougher as more people hold on to older models for longer periods and competitors such as Samsung and Google entice customers with sleek devices running on Android software. The trend led to three consecutive quarters in which iPhone sales fell compared to the prior year, causing Apple's total revenue to sag as well.
Apple bounced back in the quarter ending in December, buoyed by a positive response to the late September release of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. That device featured a better camera, which drew rave reviews, and no jack for headphones, which irked some consumers and befuddled others.
Apple shipped 78.3 million iPhones in the latest quarter, a 5 percent increase compared to the previous year. It benefited from a year-end quarter consisting of 14 weeks, one more than the previous year period. If not for the calendar quirk, the iPhone sales slump might not have ended. Apple sold an average of 5.6 million iPhones per week in the latest quarter compare to 5.7 million iPhones per week in the previous year.
The Cupertino, California, company also was helped by a recall of Samsung's Note 7 phones, which were plagued by battery fires. That problem drove some people switch to other models such as the iPhone.
This Year's iPhone
About 17 percent of all iPhones are now 7 models, according to Localytics, which tracks activity on mobile devices. Most of the rest are older iPhone 6 or iPhone 5 models. Apple could have sold more of the iPhone 7 Plus, which boasts a bigger screen and an extra camera, but the company misgauged demand and didn't make enough to meet demand, CEO Tim Cook said during a conference call.
IPhone sales could slip yet again. Anticipation is building for the expected release of a 10th anniversary iPhone of some sort this summer or fall. Many smartphone owners could hold off until they get a good look at this year's iPhone, says Daniel Ives, a senior vice president for the mobile research firm Synchronoss Technologies.
"It's like a drum roll while everyone waits for the curtains to roll back to unveil the next iPhone," Ives says. "There is a lot of pent-up demand out there, so this has the potential to be a game changer."
Cook promises there are still many iPhone advances yet to come that will win even more fans.
"The smartphone is still in the early innings of the game," they said. "I think there's lots more to do."
Apple Phone Inc.
The iPad, a tablet that became a smash hit after its 2010 debut, remains mired in a three-year sales slump, further magnifying the iPhone's importance to Apple. The company shipped 13.1 million iPads in the past quarter, a 19 percent drop from the previous year.
"Remember when Apple called itself Apple Computer Inc.?" says BGC Financial analyst Colin Gillis, harking back to the company's identity until 2007. "They may as well call themselves Apple Phone Inc. now."
Propelled by the iPhone, Apple Inc.'s revenue edged up 3 percent to $78.4 billion in the quarter. But its profit dipped 3 percent to $17.9 billion.
Still Waiting
It was Apple's biggest quarterly revenue in its 40-year history, but it doesn't erase the question that has nagged Tim Cook since they succeeded Jobs as CEO nearly 5 1/2 years ago: What's next?
Cook touts a smartwatch that Apple introduced as a huge success, but most analysts still view it as more of a novelty.
In interviews, Cook has hinted Apple is exploring opportunities in augmented reality, which casts holograms and other digital images onto the real world around you. Apple also has been buying companies and hiring engineer specializing in artificial intelligence, a niche focused on teaching computers to think and talk more like humans.
Gillis believes Apple already has wasted too much time trying to figure out It's next big move.
"When your iPhone juice runs down, you should already be ready to ramp up your next product," they say. "What have we gotten after all the billions that Apple has spent on" research and development?
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON, United States — An Iranian navy vessel conducted an “unsafe and unprofessional” interaction with US ships by pointing a laser at an accompanying Marine Corps helicopter, the US Navy said Wednesday.
The incident occurred June 13 as amphibious assault ship the USS Bataan, the USS Cole destroyer and another American ship were sailing in formation in international waters in the Strait of Hormuz.
“The Iranian vessel paralleled the US formation, shining a spotlight on Cole,” Commander Bill Urban, a spokesperson for the navy's Fifth Fleet, said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Shortly thereafter, the Iranian vessel trained a laser on a CH-53E helicopter that accompanied the formation.”
The Iranian vessel then shined a spotlight on the Bataan, scanning the ship from bow to stern before heading away.
“During the interaction, the Iranian vessel came within 800 yards (meters) of Bataan,” Urban said.
Naval Forces Central Command said the interaction was unsafe and unprofessional because of the laser.
“Illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles,” Urban said.
The Pentagon periodically voices concern over incidents in waters off Iran, accusing the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and naval ships of conducting risky maneuvers around US vessels.
Iran has counter claimed that US ships act provocatively. CBB
In a shocking move, an Indian-origin man on trial in the UK for strangling their ex-wife to death and then disposing off their body in a suitcase has been given a life sentence with a minimum of 18 years behind bars. They were caught on CCTV dragging the suitcase on the street and disposing of it, the BBC reported. Daudia was sentenced by Leicester Crown Court on Friday.
The court heard Daudia killed their ex-wife on the day they were due to be kicked out of the home they shared. The man admitted in the court that they had lied to their two sons, relatives and the police that their ex-wife did not return home from work
An Indian-origin man on trial in the UK for strangling their ex-wife to death and then disposing off their body in a suitcase has been given a life sentence with a minimum of 18 years behind bars. Ashwin Daudia, 51, strangled Kiran Daudia, 46, at their house in Leicester in January last year and stuffed their remains into the suitcase before dumping it in an alley behind bins. They were caught on CCTV dragging the suitcase on the street and disposing of it, the BBC reported. Daudia was sentenced by Leicester Crown Court on Friday. However, Daudia denied the murder charge and said that they “lost their temper” during an argument with their former wife at their house but did not attack them deliberately. They said they killed them in “self-defence”. “I was angry, I lost control,” they told the court, adding that Kiran Daudia had initially assaulted them and to silence her, they put their hand over their mouth and then forcefully squeezed them neck.
The prosecution, however, dismissed Daudia's claims as a “lie”. They argued ligature marks on their neck suggested they had been strangled with their own scarf. It said that Daudia had committed the murder after growing increasingly resentful of their former wife, who had joined a dating agency to meet other men. The Daudias had an arranged marriage in India in 1988. They were divorced in 2014 but had continued living “separate lives” under the same roof. Their house had been sold to Kiran Daudia's sister.
The court heard Daudia killed their ex-wife on the day they were due to be kicked out of the home they shared. The man admitted in the court that they had lied to their two sons, relatives and the police that their ex-wife did not return home from work. Daudia hid their body in a suitcase to prevent their younger son from seeing it. The suitcase was discovered by the police a day after the murder. Passing sentence, Judge Timothy Spencer said they were satisfied Daudia had killed their former wife “in what should have been the safety of their own home”.The victim's family said they had “lots of dreams and aspirations which were… taken away by this demonic act”.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — The Missouri House has dealt with six formal sexual harassment complaints over the past two years, including four that involved lawmakers and that cost more than $22,000 in external legal fees to investigate, according to records obtained by The Associated Press.
That's twice as many complaints as the House received in the nearly two years before it strengthened its sexual harassment policies in November 2015. But it's impossible to know whether alleged sexual harassment instances actually have increased or whether lawmakers and staff simply feel more comfortable reporting allegations.
The records do not contain the names of the lawmakers or the specific reasons why no action was taken against them.
House Speaker Todd Richardson has spearheaded the House's new sexual harassment policies since taking over in May 2015 for Speaker John Diehl Jr., who resigned while admitting to sending sexually suggestive text messages to a college student serving as a House intern.
“My hope is that what you're seeing now is a quicker resolution to the kind of issues that — absent a policy that requires reporting and quick investigation — would have gone unresolved,” Richardson said.
The Senate said it had no records of any complaints other than an allegation that Democratic Sen. Paul LeVota had sexually harassed an intern in 2015. Records show that the state spent about $25,500 for private attorneys to investigate the claim against LeVota. They denied the allegation but announced their resignation shortly after the investigative report was publicly released in July 2015.
The Missouri House and Senate both updated their sexual harassment policies before the growth of the #MeToo movement last fall, when numerous women across the country went public with claims of sexual harassment against prominent people in politics, entertainment and the media.
Since then, legislative chambers in a majority of states have revised or are considering changes to their sexual harassment policies, according to an AP review .
The names of the Missouri House members involved in the sexual harassment complaints were kept confidential in the documents provided to the AP under the state's open-records law. But two lawmakers at odds in one of the cases confirmed their involvement to the AP, and both expressed frustration with how it was resolved.
“The policies that are put in place in the House are totally ineffective,” Democratic Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal said in a tearful interview with the AP. They recalled feeling “like you're a nobody” when their complaint against Democratic Rep. Joshua Peters was quietly dismissed last year.
Chappelle-Nadal had gone public in January 2016 with allegations that Peters had grabbed them in a “forceful embrace” and called their “boo” and a derogatory name. Peters said at the time that the accusations were “completely and categorically false.”
The House sexual harassment policy requires complaints involving lawmakers to be investigated by private attorneys who submit their findings to the House Ethics Committee, a panel of five Republicans and five Democratic representatives. Complaints involving staff are handled internally.
Records of a closed-session February 2016 meeting show the House Ethics Committee voted to dismiss a complaint on the condition of the lawmaker in question meeting with the chair and vice chair and being “warned that any further complaints of inappropriate language or behaviour will be dealt with more severely.”
Peters told the AP that they were the lawmaker admonished to behave and they acknowledged that they had cursed at Chappelle-Nadal. But they expressed frustration that they never received anything in writing declaring that they had been cleared of the sexual harassment allegation.
“There needs to be transparency in these particular situations when it comes to the final results,” Peters said.
Richardson told the AP that providing written resolutions of cases to the parties involved is a suggestion worth considering. But they were reluctant to publicly release documents about the investigations.
The House policy is designed “to make sure that we're protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of both the person making the complaint and the accused,” they said.
Invoices show that the House also hired outside lawyers to investigate two sexual harassment complaints in early 2016 and one additional complaint in early 2017 while the Legislature was in session.
Minutes show that the House Ethics Committee met in a closed session in March 2016 but do not indicate how any complaints were resolved. Records show that the committee dismissed a compliant in March 2017. Another harassment complaint was dismissed Jan. 4, though the lack of invoices for private attorneys suggests that particular complaint may not have been of a sexual nature.
Some of the sexual harassment complaints involving lawmakers have been investigated by the St. Louis law firm McMahon Berger, which the House also hired to lead sexual harassment training sessions. All House members and staff were required to participate in a 90-minute session in January that discussed specific examples of potentially inappropriate behaviour, including sexual jokes, hugs or comments about personal photos on social media.
The Missouri Senate only requires training once when people start their jobs.
——
Follow David A. Lieb at: http://twitter.com/DavidALieb
NORMAL, Ill. — Terrell Miller Jr. scored 25 points, Shaq Buchanan added 16, and Murray State held off Illinois State 78-72 on Saturday to win its fifth straight.
The Racers scored 11 straight and pulled ahead 47-34 early in the second half for its largest lead of the game. The Redbirds closed to 70-68 on William Tinsley's 3, but Jonathan Stark replied with a 3 and the Racers led 75-70 on Jalen Durpree's layup with 1:26 left. Milik Yarbrough's jumper made it a three-point game, but Ja Morant sealed it with three free throws in the final 20 seconds.
Morant scored 15 points with nine rebounds, Stark had 13, and the Racers (6-1) outshot the Redbirds 50 per cent to 41 per cent.
Yarbrough scored a career-high 30 points on 10-of-19 shooting and Taylor Bruninga added 11 points for Illinois State (4-6).
Maundy Thursday and Good Friday outings in parts of Laguna, Quezon, Cavite and Batangas provinces turned tragic, killing at least 19 vacationers, including two children.
Many of the dead were from accidents involving boats. The others died in separate cases of drowning.
One of the youngest fatalities was a child traveling aboard a boat with pilgrims in Laguna Lake, while another young fatality was aboard a tourist boat in Quezon province headed for Sombrero Island.
ADVERTISEMENT
In Quezon, Junrex Dilao, 12, was found dead by fishermen and rescuers after strong waves caused the motorized boat they were riding to capsize and sink in Sibuyan Sea in San Francisco town on Good Friday, according to police.
Quoting Rebecca Ruga, village chair of Pagsangahan in San Francisco, Senior Supt. Rhoderick Armamento, Quezon provincial police chief, said the boat left on Good Friday for Sombrero island, known for its white sand beach in Burias, Masbate province, for a picnic.
Strong waves battered the boat, causing it to capsize and sink.
Missing passengers
Insp. Randy Buenaventura, San Francisco police chief, said fishermen in the area rescued four passengers but four others were missing.
Henry Buzar, Quezon disaster management coordinator, said authorities sought help from other towns in the Bondoc Peninsula district and coastal towns in Masbate to help search for the missing.
In Laguna, 7-year-old Jonalyn Procopio was among those killed when an outrigger boat with pilgrims capsized in Laguna Lake on Maundy Thursday.
Coast Guard and local rescuers found the child's body and the remains of the other fatalities—Lester Kent Desoloc, EJ Manalo, Jenard Pailan, Joan Resureccion and Maria Jolyn Quinola—on Saturday.
Rommel Palacol, of the Laguna Action Center, said the boat, with only one outrigger, was likely overloaded with 16 people onboard.
ADVERTISEMENT
The passengers were mostly residents of Pila town in Laguna province, who were headed for Jala-jala, Rizal for a mountain trek as part of their Holy Week ritual, Palacol said.
Deadly joke
Quoting survivors, Palacol said one of the passengers sat on one edge of the boat to play a prank joke on the other passengers, causing the boat to tilt over.
At least 12 passengers had been rescued.
Separate cases of drowning also piled up during Holy Week's two holiest days.
In Pililia, Rizal, 7-year-old Limeah Cabral drowned while swimming in a creek on Maundy Thursday.
In Cavite province, Noel Anthony Restauro drowned while swimming in a resort in Barangay Sabang in Dasmariñas City on Good Friday.
Karl Gamaliel Demillo, 21, also drowned at Malibic-libic Falls in Barangay Lumipa in General Aguinaldo town, Cavite on the same day.
In Batangas province, 6-year-old Girlie Talag drowned at Rosman Beach Resort in Barangay Nonong Casto in Lemery on Good Friday.
On the same day, Piolo Pilapil, 16, drowned in Barangay Bagong Silang in Calatagan, Batangas.
In Balete, Batangas, Freddie Fernandez drowned while swimming in the lake in Barangay San Sebastian on Good Friday.
Pool deaths
Gasper Perlas drowned in a pool at Praxises Resort in Rosario, Batangas, on Maundy Thursday.
In Quezon, at least three, two of them children, died in separate drowning cases on Maundy Thursday and Good Friday.
JV Kim Dimaalihan, 10, drowned at the Palm Ville Subdivision club house swimming pool in Barangay Isabang, Tayabas City on Good Friday.
In Unisan town, Roy Amparo Cabangon was found dead in Malatandang Beach Resort in Barangay Ilayang Kalilayan, also on Good Friday.
Police said Cabangon was intoxicated when they drowned.
On Maundy Thursday, 5-year old John Michael Castillo drowned in Tayabas Bay in Barangay Matandang Sabang in Catanauan town.
Bishop Charles Agyinasare and their family
Presiding Bishop of Perez Chapel International, Bishop Charles Agyinasare was the happiest on earth after they witnessed a ceremony of their daughter being called to the BAR in Ghana.
What made their day a very memorable one was the fact that their daughter has also been called to the BAR in the United Kingdom.
Announcing their joy in a post on Facebook, the Pastor said “What a day? My baby girl Charlene, today was called to the Ghana Bar as a Lawyer to practice law both in the UK and Ghana”.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. — The owner of a vegan food truck says they regret a Facebook post in which they appeared to dismiss the deaths of “meat eaters” in the Las Vegas massacre.
Delinda Jensen, 60, of Wilkes-Barre, said she's received death threats and had to shut down their business after their post Monday night started going viral, sparking intense backlash both online and off.
Jensen wrote: “Yes I am jaded. Fifty nine meat eaters dead. How many animals will live because of this?” In a second comment, they used an expletive to say they didn't care about “carnists.”
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night, then killed themselves as police closed in.
Jensen, a former adjunct history professor, called their post “a moment of stupidity” and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre.
“Was it poorly written? Absolutely. Do I regret it? Yes. I am so sorry I wrote that,” they said Thursday. “Meat eaters or not, no one deserves to die like that. I wasn't celebrating the death of those people.”
Jensen said they became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with their son. They said they were trying to make the point that they believe animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat.
Jensen has since deactivated their Facebook account, hidden their food truck and cancelled their bookings, and installed a security camera at their home. Them son said people have driven by their home, shouting threats and obscenities, and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety.
MADISON, Wis. — Playing on the road against Marquette's biggest rival, Markus Howard turned to Wisconsin's vocal student section after making a couple 3s and gestured for fans to quiet down.
All in good fun, the sharpshooting Howard said, though the sophomore will relish their first visit into the Badgers' hostile lair.
Andrew Rowsey scored 24 points on 5-of-6 shooting from 3-point range, while Howard added 23 points in the 82-63 win on Saturday over Wisconsin.
“My emotions just took over at that point,” said Howard, who was jawing with fans during warmups. “That's part of the game. I have nothing but the utmost respect for Wisconsin and their fan base.”
But it's a sweeter trip back to Milwaukee with a win.
The Golden Eagles' high-scoring backcourt duo played through foul trouble to claim the school's second straight road victory in a series marking its 100th anniversary. It was also Marquette's first true road game of the season.
“Just going through this week of preparation, we worked so hard,” Howard said. “It means a lot, coming on the road, this being our first road game and executing our game plan well.”
A 14-4 run highlighted by 10 points from Rowsey over a 3-plus minute span of the second half turned a six-point lead into a 60-46 advantage with 12:04 left for Marquette (7-3), which led comfortably most of the rest of the way at the Kohl Center.
“It was as good of a 40-minute effort was we've had all season,” coach Steve Wojociechowski said.
Brad Davison scored 20 points for the Badges, while Ethan Happ added 17 on 8-of-15 shooting.
But season-long offensive woes continued for the Badgers, who had to make a last-minute adjustment playing without two key injured players starting point guard D'Mitrik Trice (foot) and key reserve Kobe King (knee). Happ, one of the best big men in the country, had five of the team's 12 turnovers.
“They're upset. They're very competitive. They want to have success now,” coach Greg Gard said about the team's morale. “You have to rally, everybody needs to step up … But they'll bounce back. They're a resilient group.”
Wisconsin (4-7) fell to three games under .500 for the first time since going 1-4 to start the 2001-02 season, though that team still made the NCAA Tournament. This squad will need a similarly dramatic turnaround to reach the NCAAs for a 20th straight season.
Marquette's quick guards and wings made easy cuts to the bucket early. Playmakers Rowsey (four fouls) and Howard (three fouls) hit 3s when they weren't sitting on the bench in foul trouble.
Sam Hauser added 16 points for Marquette.
BIG PICTURE
Marquette: Wojociechowski's team is fun to watch when they're hitting 3s. The Golden Eagles at one point hit six straight from behind the arc in building a 17-point lead in the first half before Wisconsin chipped away to get to 41-32 at the half. … Howard presents defences with a dilemma with their range because the 5-foot-11 sophomore is also quick enough to beat a defender for layups.
Wisconsin: It was an admirable start for a short-handed team that just learned it would be without Trice and King indefinitely. The Badgers were already having enough trouble scoring with them in the lineup. Wisconsin will need more production on both ends of the floor from Brevin Pritzl (10 points) and Khalil Iverson (six points), and hope that Davison, a first-year student guard, can continue playing through a lingering left shoulder injury.
ANOTHER ADJUSTMENT
Gard said they knew by late Friday morning that Trice would be out, and by Friday night that they would be without King. It made for a challenging adjustment especially with perimeter defence since the Badgers didn't have a practice without both players.
DAVISON'S DAY
Davison is quickly developing a reputation as a high-energy leader on the court just one month into their first-year student season. They went 11 of 16 from the foul line and drew two more charging fouls.
“The ultimate (competitor) is Davison,” Gard said. “The way they compete is unbelievable.”
UP NEXT
Marquette: The addition of 6-foot-11 centre Harry Froling next week could help Marquette deal with top post players like Happ down the road. The SMU transfer is eligible to play starting with the team's next game against Northern Illinois on Dec. 18.
Wisconsin: Hosts Western Kentucky on Wednesday.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
SUNRISE, Fla. — The Colorado Avalanche came from behind and never looked back.
Nathan MacKinnon and Alexander Kerfoot scored 41 seconds apart in the second period and Colorado beat the Florida Panthers 7-3 on Saturday night to snap a four-game skid.
Colin Wilson, Erik Johnson and Mikko Rantanen also had goals for the Avalanche. Matt Nieto and Carl Soderberg both scored into an empty net late in the third, and Semyon Varlamov stopped 39 shots.
Colorado mustered only seven goals during its losing streak but equaled that total in this game.
“When you lose a handful in a row you've got to stick with the process,” Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. “I think that's what our guys did tonight.”
Jonathan Huberdeau, Denis Malgin and Aaron Ekblad scored for the Panthers, who have lost four of five. James Reimer made 23 saves.
“We had a lot of other opportunities to tie it up and we had a lot of opportunities not to let them get the chances that they got to score and go up that many,” Ekblad said.
After trailing 2-1, Colorado scored two quick goals in the second to take the lead.
MacKinnon threaded their way through the Panthers' defence and beat Reimer at 11:26 to tie it. Tyson Barrie took a shot from the blue line and it was deflected by Kerfoot at 12:07 to give the Avalanche a 3-2 advantage.
Johnson fired a shot from above the right circle that went between Reimer's pads with 8:01 left in the third to make it 4-2. Wilson added another goal with 6:18 remaining.
“We played a full game, a really strong game, scored lots of goals and played well defensively,” Varlamov said.
Florida pulled its goalie with 6:07 left and the strategy paid off on Huberdeau's goal with 5:45 to go that closed the gap to 5-3.
Nieto and Soderberg scored empty-net goals in the final four minutes to close it out.
“We score that goal there, if it happens to be we get another one it's game on with about three or four minutes to go,” Panthers coach Bob Boughner said. “You've got to keep fighting right to the end and that was the idea behind that.”
Malgin gave the Panthers a 2-1 lead on a breakaway when they put the puck past Varlamov on the glove side at 4:51 of the second. Malgin has a goal in three straight games and four in the past six.
The Avalanche took a 1-0 lead midway through the first period when Rantanen backhanded in a rebound at 10:56.
Florida tied the game with 2.6 seconds left in the first. Ekblad took a nice pass from Huberdeau in the right circle and fired a shot past Varlamov. The goal was Ekblad's third in three games.
NOTES: Johnson left late in the third with an undisclosed injury. “I think they blocked a shot,” Bednar said. “I haven't talked to the trainers.” … Huberdeau's assist on Ekblad's goal moved them past Ray Whitney for 10th place on the Panthers' career scoring list with 228 points. … Ekblad is the third defenceman in Panthers history to score at least one goal in three-plus team games. … Panthers C Aleksander Barkov was scratched with an upper-body injury. … Johnson appeared in their 400th game with the Avalanche.
UP NEXT
Avalanche: Visit the Pittsburgh Penguins on Monday.
Panthers: Visit the Detroit Red Wings on Monday.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
One of the greatest challenges facing today's government Cybersecurity organizations is the retention and training of their operational cyber workforce. With limited security budgets, cybersecurity managers must ensure that the right people are in the right job with the right training. CYBRScore , the new cyber skills assessment tool from Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (Nasdaq CMTL), is now making that process more effective.
"CYBRScore™ Skills Assessments provide a quantitative measurement of performance, using practical, hands-on scenarios to evaluate job-role competencies, knowledge, skills and abilities," said Fred Kornberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of Comtech Telecommunications Corp. "Our Skills Assessments allow enterprises to focus training investments for the highest impact."
"The CYBRScore™ assessment details an overall score with individual skill breakdown and provides targeted recommendations for training to improve the skill areas that need augmentation," Mr. Kornberg added.
Erik Wallace, Director of Product Development for Comtech's Cyber Services product line, will be a featured speaker at AFCEA's Defensive Cyber Operations Symposium in Baltimore, Md. through June 15 presenting a detailed description of CYBRScore™ and the impact it can have in government cybersecurity programs. Mr. Wallace is a member of Cellular Telecommunications Internet Association (CTIA)'s Cybersecurity Working Group, the FCC's Communications Security, Reliability and Interoperability Council (CSRIC) V Working Group 7 - Cybersecurity and the Chesapeake Regional Tech Council (CRTC) Cybersecurity Working Group. They hold eleven U.S. patents in the areas of messaging and telecommunications.
You can learn more about CYBRScore™ and other Comtech training products and services including off-the-shelf courses, course instruction, and state of the art cyber training products at the Comtech CYBRScore™ website: http://cybrscore.io.
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs, develops, produces and markets innovative products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. The Company sells products to a diverse customer base in the global commercial and government communications markets.
Certain information in this press release contains statements that are forward-looking in nature and involve certain significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking information. The Company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings identify many such risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking information in this press release is qualified in its entirety by the risks and uncertainties described in such Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
PCMTL
Chinese LCC 9 Air is preparing to fly internationally, three years after it began operations from its base in the southern city of Guangzhou.
9 Air is licensed to only fly domestically, but the Civil Aviation Administration of China said it proposes to authorize the airline to fly to adjacent countries. Specific countries are not named, but likely prospects for a budget airline in southern China are leisure destinations in Southeast Asia.
The airline is a subsidiary of Shanghai-based Juneyao Airlines. It has 15 Boeing 737-800s and is awaiting delivery of 39 737-8s, according to Aviation Week Intelligence Network data.
Research by Ryan Wang
Bradley Perrett, perrett@aviationweek.com
Traditionally left to the open wheel racers, Angell Park Speedway welcomed Dirt Late Models for the first time in 70 years this past Sunday. The historic facility played host to the second event for the DiscountShopTowels.com Dirt Kings Late Model Tour.
It was a tricky test for the Late Model racers. In the heat races drivers tested both the top and bottom grooves, but eventually it was the low groove that would pay dividends. Rookie Late Model racer Cole Spacek grabbed the lead from the pole position and did not look back. They were challenged on several occasions by veteran racer Justin Hirt, but Hirt was unable to mount enough of a challenge on the top line. Jared Siefert was Third, Nick Anvelink was Fourth, and Brad Mueller rounded out the Top Five.
The Dirt Kings Tour is back in action at Shawano Speedway Saturday and 141 Speedway in Francis Creek, WI on Tuesday. For more information visit www.dirtkingstour.com.
In addition to the Late Models' debut, Angell Park hosted some more traditional vehicles as well. The Badger Midget Racing Association and MSA 360 Winged Sprints were on hand to provide the more common open wheel feel. The Wisconsin Dirt Legend Cars rounded out the evening's card.
Four-time Badger Midget Champion Scott Hatton scored a win in the 20-lap feature. It was Hatton's 35th career at the track, fifth place on the all-time track's feature win list.
Scotty Neitzel, a top 410 Sprint racer from the area, spoiled the party for the MSA 360 Sprints as they piloted the Bob Hood-owned machine to Victory Lane.
Nelson Stewart took the checkered flag in the Legend Cars.
For more information visit www.angellparkspeedway.net
CBN Launches Form X For SMEs Requiring Basic FX Documentation
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has introduced the use of Form X for SMEs that require basic documentation.
The introduction was part of its objectives to increase foreign exchange liquidity and make it accessible to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and other retail businesses.
Speaking on the development on Monday, the spokesperson of the Apex Bank, Mr. Isaac Okorafor, said the innovative measure is meant to ease the bottlenecks associated with documentation usually encountered by this category of businesses.
Okorafor further noted that the new form, which must be completed by all SME applicants, requires them to fill the form with a supporting application letter, as well as beneficiary invoice and bank wire transfer details.
They added that the objective of the new guideline is to remove obstacles usually encountered by those whose FX needs for either visibles or invisibles transactions are as small as or less than $10,000.
Okorafor reiterated the central bank's determination to continue to ensure adequate supply of FX for genuine transactions in the coming days.
Last week, the CBN had opened a special FX window for SMEs to enable entrepreneurs import eligible finished and semi-finished items not exceeding $20,000 for each business per quarter.
That was in addition to the special intervention in the Bureau de Change (BDC) segment of the FX market that saw each operator accessing $20,000, against $10,000 per week.
Okorafor had said: “The special interventions were necessitated by findings that a large number of SMEs were being crowded out of the FX space by large firms and will also service genuine demand for invisibles like tuition fees, medical and personal/basic travel allowance.”
The post CBN Launches Form X For SMEs Requiring Basic FX Documentation appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
2Baba Sets To Drop New Song On World Refugee Day To Support IDP
Nigerian legendary singer, Tuface Idibia, popularly know as 2Baba is set to release a new song on the 20th of June which also happens to be World Refugee day. According to 2baba, this song is meant to support camps of the internally displaced people (IDP) who need every help in the world as it is. …
The post 2Baba Sets To Drop New Song On World Refugee Day To Support IDP appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Michel, former France player and World Cup coach, dies at 70 – FOXSports.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they don't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
Nailah Winkfield told reporters Tuesday that they gave up everything for daughter Jahi McMath, but it was worthwhile. The San Francisco Chronicle reports that Jahi will be buried Friday in Hayward, California.
Winkfield says doctors declared Jahi dead on June 22 after an operation to treat an intestinal issue.
McMath had already been declared dead in December 2013 after suffering irreversible brain damage during routine surgery in California when they were 13.
Winkfield refused to accept the conclusion and took McMath to New Jersey, which accommodates religions that don't recognize brain death.
SALT LAKE CITY — Anti-police brutality groups in Utah are livid after a prosecutor this week determined police were legally justified in a fatal shooting of a black man captured on body camera.
Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill said Friday that while one video appears to show Patrick Harmon shot from behind as they ran from police, a slowed-down version shows they pivoted toward officers with a knife.
Officer Clinton Fox told investigators Harmon threatened to stab them before they fired the fatal shots. Body camera video shows Harmon shot at close range after Fox yells, “I'll f….ing shoot you.”
The 50-year-old Harmon died Aug. 13 after they tried to run away following a stop for biking without a light.
Lex Scott, a Black Lives Matter organizer in Utah, said the community wants the district attorney to resign.
——
Information from: Deseret News, http://www.deseretnews.com
Reps seek revitalization of Onitsha Port
By Kauthar Anumba-Khaleel
The House of Representatives is set to commence investigation into the abandoned Onitsha Inland Port.
It also urged the federal ministry of transportation and the Nigerian Inland Waterways Authority to undertake the dredging of river niger to facilitate passage of vessels and badges from from the sea to Onitsha inland port facility.
This decision is consequent upon a motion calling for the investigation into the abandoned Onitsha port moved by Hon. Obinna Chidoka.
Chidoka in their debate, recalled that the Shehu Shagari administration concieved the Onitsha Port as a port of origin and final destination for cargoes to ease the perennial congestion of Lagos ports with attendant hardship to port users and huge loss to the economy.
They noted that Onitsha Inland Port was abandoned when the military overthrew the Shagari administration in 1984 and added President Umaru Ya'Adua rekindled inteterest in the abandoned project and awarded a contract valued at N4.182 billion to rehabilitate the facility.
The lawmaker noted that the government of ex-president Good luck Jonathan completed the rehabilitation of the port in 2012 as a bonded wharf where Nigerian Customs Service NCS and other agencies generate revenue through export and import of cargoes.
They however expressed worries that despite the huge resources committed to the facility, it is lying idle while other ports in Lagos are congested with goods largely imported by businesses situated close to it.
Chidoka regretted that Nigeria Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) and the Federal Ministry of Transportation which ought to put the port to gainful use, are undecided on how best to utilize the facility.
The post Reps seek revitalization of Onitsha Port appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ultrasound imaging, also known as sonography, uses high-frequency sound waves to produce images of internal body parts to help providers diagnose illness, injury or other medical problems.
The ACR gold seal of accreditation represents the highest level of image quality and patient safety. It is awarded only to facilities that meet ACR practice parameters and technical standards, following a peer-review evaluation by board-certified physicians and medical physicists who are experts in the field. Image quality, personnel qualifications, adequacy of facility equipment, quality control procedures and quality assurance programs are assessed.
The findings are reported to the ACR Committee on Accreditation, which subsequently provides the practice with a comprehensive report that can be used for continuous practice improvement.
The ACR, founded in 1924, is a professional medical society dedicated to serve patients and society by empowering radiology professionals to advance the practice, science and professions of radiological care. The college serves more than 37,000 diagnostic-interventional radiologists, radiation oncologists, nuclear medicine physicians and medical physicists with programs focusing on the practice of medical imaging and radiation oncology and the delivery of comprehensive health care services.
One of the state's largest health networks, Tennova Healthcare includes 16 hospitals and more than 115 physician clinics. The combined network has about 2,600 licensed beds, 2,800 physicians on the combined active medical staffs and 9,000 employees with more than 70,000 admissions and 465,000 emergency department visits each year. Learn more at tennova.com.
THERE IS no big secret behind Castleford Tigers' dominant recent league record against Leeds Rhinos, their coach Daryl Powell reckons. It is just a matter of playing well.
Castleford lost four and drew one of the teams' first five encounters after Powell took charge in 2013, but since then they have won eight in a row in Super League, though Rhinos had the last laugh with a comprehensive victory in last October's Betfred Grand Final.
Daryl Powell
“I just think we have played well against Leeds, that's the only reason really,” said Powell, whose team face Rhinos again at Elland Road on Friday night. “Before that it was a poor record against them.”
But Powell reckons the sides have been more evenly-matched than recent results suggest. They added: “We've been motivated against Leeds and played well a number of times, but there's been some tough tussles.
“The game at the Magic Weekend last year was like a play-off game, really tough. I remember going in at half-time thinking it was like a hospital ward, there were people really struggling. The intensity of the games has been awesome at times and I would expect something similar on Friday evening.”
Despite Tigers' upper hand in league meetings, Rhinos have beaten them twice in major finals, at Wembley in 2014 and Old Trafford last year.
Elland Road
Friday will be the sides' first competitive showdown since the Grand Final, but Powell insisted: “I don't think we need to talk about it too much.
“Clearly it was a disappointing end to last season for us. You get motivation from different things and the way it ended, regardless of who we were playing against, I think is going to play a part this season.
“But we're not going to jump up and down about it. It is a game that's important to us, we are trying to piece our combinations together and we are still working hard on that.
“Benny Roberts in particular is getting better week on week and when they get their game together – and they are looking like that in practice – then I think we will come a little bit closer to our best. There are some good signs from us at the moment, but we are a work in progress.”
Castleford Tigers player Adam Milner, is a massive Leeds United fan.
Rhinos have won four of their opening five games and ended leaders St Helens' unbeaten record last Friday. Powell, who ended their playing career at Leeds and moved into coaching there, warned: “It doesn't matter who's playing does it?
“They are just a quality group of players. It was a tough game for them, Saints have been on fire, but they found a way to win and they have good players in every position so we know it will be a real challenge for us.”
Tigers have also suffered only one loss this year, at Saints in round one, but have had three weekends without a game. The visit of Wigan Warriors two days ago was their second game to be frozen off this year and Powell admitted: “It is frustrating.
“We haven't been able to get any fluency to our season, but it is what it is and there's not much can do.
“The table is a little bit unbalanced, Warrington have played seven games and we've played four, but we just have to crack on.”
Of Tigers' fixture backlog, Powell stressed: “I don't see any point in worrying about it. There's the international weekend which takes care of one of the games.
“We've just got to keep winning games and chipping away. I think we've stabilised really well after that initial smack in the chops we got at St Helens.
“We've just got to keep improving and I think we're doing that and getting a little bit better each week. There are a number of areas we need to keep improving, but I think we are in a good place. We'll go week to week and just keep getting better as a team, hopefully.”
They added: “You want to be playing week to week so it has been difficult, particularly with the changes in combinations. We've got a new half in there and a new full-back.
“That's been the most difficult thing so you've got to get as much as you can out of practice. Training's been a lot more intense over the last week or two, based on the fact we know what's coming up in the next block – really difficult games and tough challenges – and the fact the team needs to spend more time together. We've done some things a little bit different over the last couple of weeks.”
Powell was a Leeds United season ticket holder in their teens and is relishing seeing their team run out at Elland Road.
Rhinos are hoping for a Super League record crowd of more than 25,000 and Powell said: “Elland Road is a decent surface and we're looking forward to getting out on the field again.
“Both clubs, particularly Leeds, have put a lot of stalls by this game.
“It is a little bit different, it is a quality stadium and it's going to be a bigger than normal crowd, you'd expect.
“I think everybody's excited about it, we certainly are.”
Powell confirmed their squad will be similar to the one named last week.
Greg Eden and Joe Wardle remain on the casualty list and are “a while away”, Oliver Holmes will serve a one-game ban and new signing Liam Watts is still suspended.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Last year, Australian pop-punker Alex Lahey's infectious album title track “I Love You Like a Brother” captured the very special love-you-always, hate-you-sometimes dynamic of having a sibling pretty close to your own age. Them the latest video offers a chance to meet the real-life sibling who inspired the song: younger brother Will Lahey, who's gamely agreed to co-star both as an adult and in old home-video footage with their sister. Is it true that “people say we look the same but I don't think we do”? Watch below.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: dailyguideafrica.com
2017-10-06
Vice President Dr Mahamudu Bawumia, Roland Agambire and Dr Abdul Nashiru
Vice President Dr Mahamudu Bawumia has revealed how the Mahama-led National Democratic Congress (NDC) government's contract worth about GH¢4.6 billion ($1.2 billion) is going to be executed by President Akufo-Addo's New Patriotic Party (NPP) administration for less than $4 million.
The multi-billion dollar project involved the establishment of a national switch to make mobile money payments and other transfers interoperable (i.e. link to each other).
It was awarded to a company called Sibton Switch Systems Limited by the Bank of Ghana (BoG) under Governor Dr. Abdul-Nashiru Issahaku, who resigned not too long ago.
“What is even more remarkable about what has happened is that again, a lot of people were quoting billions of dollars and it became an issue of public debate, but by the way, this system has now been built for less than $4 million dollars,” the vice president disclosed at the University of Cape Coast on Wednesday when they gave a public lecture on institutional advancement.
The project in question is called the Ghana Interbank Payment and Settlement Systems Limited (GhIPSS) which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank of Ghana, incorporated in May 2007 with a mandate to implement and manage interoperable payment system infrastructure for banks and non-bank financial institutions.
Dr Bawumia, who spoke on the theme, “Building stronger economies for African countries; the missing link,” said the Akufo-Addo-led administration is determined to ensure value for money in every transaction that it undertakes.
“There were many people who were offering similar solutions, but thankfully, the BoG, in collaboration with GhIPSS, has finally been able to solve this problem and the interoperability system for Ghana will be launched next month,” they said, adding, “We have to protect the public purse and that allows us to build our productive capacity.”
They continued, “Having an interoperable payments system among banks, mobile operators and other financial and non-financial sector players enables people to make payments to anyone else in a convenient, affordable, fast, seamless and secure way with one account.”
The vice president, who is an economic guru, said, “Payments for our buying and selling will be made far easier throughout the country. Interoperability is key to financial inclusion. Thankfully, Ghana will launch an interoperable payment system in November this year.”
They also announced that the government was going to launch a digital addressing system in two weeks at the cost of $2.5 million, saying that the project would ensure that “even if you live in the middle of the River Oti, you can be traced.”
They said the digital addressing system is expected to provide addresses to 16.1 billion locations in the country, adding, “Every 5 by 5 metres square will be provided with an address.”
According to Dr Bawumia, the NPP government is convinced that to build the productive capacity of the country, it is important to know who is in the country and where people actually live, and added that the launch of the biometric National ID would serve as catalyst for accelerated development.
“If you are looking to somebody's house, the koko seller on the right, the blue kiosk on the left by the gutter before you get there and then the day the koko seller does not come, you are in trouble,” they noted jokingly and added that everything is going to change very soon.
“It is very exciting,” they said, and explained that the addressing system is GPRS-enabled and is more advanced than the systems of powerful economies.
Dr Bawumia was even more excited in pointing out that the digital system is “actually designed by Ghanaians at Dansoman.”
In February – in the heat of the transition – Sibton Switch Systems vehemently defended the GH¢4.6 billion cost for the establishment of an interoperable platform.
The company insisted that the quality and extent of services provided by the platform, guaranteed its selection by the central bank.
“It's a long term infrastructure; it's a retail payment system that does not just cover one party which will be interoperability for Mobile Network Operators (MNOs). It cuts across the entire retail payment systems; it comes with MNOs, banks, aggregators, merchants, among others,” an official of Sibton Switch systems, Keiko Wantanabe, had explained on Citi FM.
They added, “If we believe that this amount is what is going to get us this infrastructure, then we're investing this amount into it.”
The company had been selected from three institutions that put in bids; the value of Sibton's bid was GH¢ 4,669,414,340.82 was deemed relatively higher than two other bidding competitors – Vals Intel Limited and Mericom Solutions Limited – which quoted GH¢14 million and GH¢ 5.5 million respectively.
The contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited was seen by many industry experts as unnecessary and shady.
DAILY GUIDE learnt that minutes of a tender committee meeting on Monday, July 04, 2016, captured the bids submitted by all the three interested companies.
The tender committee, then chaired by Innocent Asamoah, in its remarks after the evaluation of the tenders, concluded that all three were responsive and met their expectations and so awarded the contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited, which DAILY GUIDE learnt – had Roland Agambire of RLG fame highly connected to it.
This led Vas InteL Limited to write to the BoG to protest the award of the contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited.
In its letter dated July 25, 2016, Vas Intel wrote that it was conceivably impracticable for the BoG to award a contract to Sibton within six business days after the opening of tenders on July 4, 2016.
According to the letter, “All procurement actions taken by the BoG pursuant to Act 663, must be done with a strict and uncompromising adherence to the principles of transparency and fairness so as to protect and preserve public property and interest, as well as the integrity of the laws governing public procurement within the territory of the Republic of Ghana.”
Telecom operators in the country were also unhappy about moves by the central bank to impose on them a third-party company which will be intermediate in mobile money transactions across different networks.
Varsity teachers, envoy ask Buhari, APC to tackle budget padding
Symposium calls for sovereign national confab, devolution of power to councils
Some prominent university lecturers and an envoy have criticised the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) over its perceived laid-back attitude to ‘budget padding,' which they described as serious corruption that must be stopped.
The academics, including Professor Kolawole Adebayo of Federal University of Agriculture Abeokuta, Dr. Dele Ashiru and Yomi Akinyeye of University of Lagos, Ambassador Gani Lawal and APC chieftain, Tunde Temionu, among others, also urged Nigerians not to relax thinking that the fight against corruption, especially padding was the sole responsibility of government.
The teachers' spoke in Lagos at a symposium, a yearly event organised by Temionu to brainstorm on the state of the nation. Yesterday's event focused on “Padding: The Adverse Syndrome Propelling Nigeria's Economy Astern.”
Ashiru, of the Department of Political Science described padding as a serious form of corruption that has been in Nigeria for long before it was exposed during the 2016 budget has created wild discontent of the states.
According to the don: “Padding had encouraged armed bandits to have the effrontery now to challenge the authority of the state. That is why we have Boko Haram insurgents, Niger Delta militants, IPOB due to deliberate and criminal neglect of the need of the minorities and the masses by the political class.”
Ashiru noted that when the fiscal paper is padded and excess or extra pocketed by a few to the detriment of the larger society, people are bound to resist.
He, therefore, urged the ruling party to address the issue of the 2016 budget padding quickly. They noted that that padding had created structural imbalances in the federation and therefore agitation for resource control.
To resolve the problem, which they described as the highest form of corruption, Ashiru suggested that the structure of Nigeria as it is constituted today must be revisited with the aim of devolving power to the local government.
They said a sovereign national conference, which must not have ‘no-go areas,' must be convoked. “APC will not change Nigeria; it is only Nigerians that can rescue this nation,” they maintained.
Adebayo said to tackle the challenges of padding, the country must revisit the content of its electoral system, which had allowed room for the dictatorship of the few and to ensure the sanctity of the constitution. “It is the people that paid the political elite to deprive the nation of its right.”
Describing padding as criminal dishonesty,Lawal said, “As long as politicians believe that getting to public office is to enrich their pockets the crisis of padding would continue.
They stressed that unless we all fight corruption it would destroy the nation and when that is done we are all going to be destroyed.
Lawal stated that the time has now come for padding to be brought into the open “Budget padding had thrived due to official complacency,” they added.
Temionu advocated for a more transparent budget process. They said there should be more stakeholders monitoring and implementation process and the need to do budget evaluation and performance before proposing another one.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Milwaukee Bucks would need a stunning, monumental collapse to miss the playoffs. Milwaukee has 13 games remaining in the regular season and has a seven-game lead over the Detroit Pistons, the current ninth-place team in the Eastern Conference.
The Eastern Conference playoff teams are all but set, the seeding is far from decided, however.
Advertisement
The top two seeds are likely set, as Toronto holds the top spot with a lead of five games over the second-place Boston Celtics. The Celtics hold a six-game lead over the Cleveland Cavaliers, who are the team currently in third.
Things become very interesting with the six teams currently between Cleveland and Miami. There are currently 3.5 games separating the Cavaliers and the Heat, with Indiana, Washington, and Philadelphia all with in 1.5 games of the three-seed. Milwaukee and Miami sit behind them, currently in seventh and eighth, respectively.
The Bucks may have a tough road to get much higher than they currently are, although that's certainly possible looking at the remainder of their schedule.
Milwaukee has the pleasure of finishing up their season with three of their final four games against Brooklyn, New York, and Orlando. Those three teams are in the race for the first overall pick in the NBA draft this upcoming summer. The final game of the season is against the Philadelphia 76ers, which could make things very interesting.
The Bucks face only two other teams the remainder of the season that are not either firmly in the playoffs or fighting for a spot. They play the Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers, both on the road. In fact, eight of Milwaukee's final 13 games are away from the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee. The Bucks are 15-18 on the road so far this season.
It's hard to predict exactly how the Bucks will finish the season out considering how inconsistent they have been this season. They're going to need help to climb out of a matchup with one of the two top seeds in the east, as well as keeping their first-round pick in the draft this summer.
Milwaukee traded away a protected first-round draft pick when acquiring Eric Bledsoe earlier this season. If the pick falls between the first selection and the sixteenth, the Suns receive it. If not, the Bucks keep it. In order to ensure the pick stays in Milwaukee, the Bucks need to finish no worse than sixth in the east. If they finish lower than that, Milwaukee then needs to depend on the bottom of the playoffs in the Western Conference to have at least one team with a worse record than the Bucks. That is highly unlikely at the current moment.
The best-case scenario is that the Bucks are able to play themselves into sixth, although this may be a bit of a stretch, it's possible. The team to watch is the Indiana Pacers as a team that could potentially fall.
The Pacers have one of the toughest schedules in the league to close out the season. They're currently three games ahead of the Bucks, although they do own the tiebreaker, as Indiana won the season series 3-1.
Indiana has a west coast trip to take, just as the Bucks do left on the schedule. The Pacers also have only one game remaining with a team that's in the race to the bottom of the standings in the Sacramento Kings. It doesn't help the Pacers cause that they play either with a back-to-back or with one off day every day for the remainder of the season.
That started for the Pacers on February 26, since then, Indiana has played every other day with one back-to-back mixed in. So far in that stretch the Pacers have gone 6-5, and it's plausible to think things may get worse for the Pacers with their schedule difficulty increasing and lack of rest continuing through the end of the season.
The Bucks have a tall task ahead to climb their way up to potentially save their draft pick and improve their playoff seeding, but it's something that's possible and worth watching.
Related
Comments
comments
Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre, on June 4, sent shock waves across the country as they revealed that the actor is suffering from high-grade cancer that has metastasised. Expressing shock and disbelief, Twitterati sent out their best wishes to the actor and wished their strength and courage to fight cancer. Sonali Bendre is currently undergoing treatment for cancer in New York.
In a shocking statement, Bollywood actor Sonali Bendre has revealed that the actor has been diagnosed with high-grade cancer that has metastised. As soon as the news broke, Twitterati took to their social media profile to express their shock and disbelief. Reacting to the saddening news, Twitterati wished their strength to fight the battle and get well soon. In their official statement, Sonali has stated that a niggling pain led to some tests, which led to the unexpected diagnosis.
The actor is currently undergoing treatment for same in New York. Thanking their family and close friends for their endless support, Sonali added that they are taking this battle head-on, knowing that they have their strength behind them
Earlier this week, Huma Qureshi had stepped in to judge the show India's Biggest Dramebaaz after Sonali Bendre made an exit from the show due to an unforeseen personal situation.
Also Read: Sonali Bendre diagnosed with cancer, being treated in New York
Here's how Twitterati is reacting to the shocking news:
More Power, More Strength , More prayers.. Big HUG Sonali … You will be back soonest… Prayers to GOD ! #SonaliBendre #RjAlok https://t.co/PvVCq3YaDX — RJ ALOK (@OYERJALOK) July 4, 2018
Sonali Bendre too. NOOOOOOO what is even happening here? 😭 — richa singh (@richa_singh) July 4, 2018
Get well soon Sonali you have been my dream queen in the prime still remember your face and smiles love u get well soon. rather pls get well soon for us smiles and Love.#SonaliBendre — Pankaj Acharya. (@PankajA57870704) July 4, 2018
#sonalibendre More power and love to u ! — Himanshu Ahuja (@ahujahimz) July 4, 2018
Every person will be tested their strength once in a lifetime. It's your turn now. Fight hard and be back stronger. Speedy recovery. #SonaliBendre — bhuvana naidu (@naidu_bhuvana) July 4, 2018
Sonali Bendre diagnosed with cancer. Nothing other than strength and wishes to fight this and come out strong. — Karishma Singh (@karishmasingh22) July 4, 2018
Feeling sad for #SonaliBendre .. though I didn't follow them before , in just two episodes ..really fell in love with their aura .. wishing their speedy recovery and the strength to come out as a winner ❤️#IndiasBestDramebaaz — Miracle~•❤️ (@ShanTannu_love) July 4, 2018
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
COLUMBUS, Ohio — The San Jose Sharks took advantage of its power plays and a Columbus scoring slump to get a needed win.
Kevin Labanc and Logan Couture each had a goal and an assist, and Martin Jones stopped 28 shots to lift the Sharks to a 3-1 win over the Blue Jackets on Friday night, snapping a four-game skid.
The Sharks' first two goals came on power plays, with Labanc getting a wide-open look at the net with a 5-on-3 advantage in the second period. Marc-Edouard Vlasic also scored for San Jose.
“The power play has been the key for us for the last 2 1/2 months,” San Jose coach Peter DeBoer said. “The one thing we have is a lot of options there. We have a lot of guys who are comfortable on the power play, and they're playing with a lot of confidence right now.”
Sergei Bobrovsky had 25 saves for the Blue Jackets, who have lost two in a row and five of their last seven. Boone Jenner had the lone goal as Columbus continues to have trouble finding the back of the net. The team has scored two or fewer goals in regulation in 11 of the last 12 games.
“We just have no rhythm offensively,” Blue Jackets coach John Tortorella said.
Couture tallied 5:07 into the game with the Blue Jackets' Matt Calvert in the penalty box for tripping. Couture got their 22nd goal of the season when they snapped a shot from the high slot over the glove of Bobrovsky, who was shielded by 6-foot-5 defenceman Brent Burns.
Jenner tied the score 4:30 into the second period with their fifth goal of the season and first in 13 games when they rifled a shot off the bar from the top of the left circle.
Columbus was victimized on another power play at 10:20 in the second when Labanc scored from 15 feet out while Seth Jones and Nick Foligno served penalties. Tororella was so angry that they benched Foligno, the Blue Jackets' captain, for the rest of the period and much of the third.
Tortorella said the punishment didn't result from just the untimely penalty. “It was a few other things,” they said, but declined to discuss it any further.
“It sucks,” Foligno said of the benching. “It's the worst feeling in the world. You just want to be out there helping your teammates, especially after a mistake. That's a really hard one to sit there and watch, but that's the standard that (Tortorella) has.”
Vlasic got the insurance goal when they beat Bobrovsky with a backhand 6:51 into the final period.
Labanc said the Sharks, trying to emerge from a knot of teams behind Vegas in the Pacific Division, have got to keep capitalizing on the other team's penalties. They are fourth in the NHL on power-play percentage.
“We've just got to keep scoring on those opportunities,” Labanc said. “We get those 5-on-3s and 5-on-4s, and that's what is winning us games. So we've just got to be consistent with that.”
NOTES: San Jose is 19-0-1 this season when leading after two periods. … Couture left the game in the third period after getting hit in the face with the puck. … Sharks F Tomas Hertl played in their 300th NHL game. … Blue Jackets F Lukas Sedlak played in their 100th game. … Columbus recalled F Markus Hannikainen from Cleveland (AHL) on Friday, but they were a scratch for the game, along with D Scott Harrington. … Forwards Jannick Hansen and Marcus Sorensen, and D Tim Heed were scratched for the Sharks.
UP NEXT
San Jose: Plays at Carolina on Sunday.
Columbus: Plays at New York Islanders on Saturday in first of five straight games against Metropolitan Division opponents.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
——
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
The scores and stats for the Orange County high school football games on Friday, Oct. 6.
SCORES
EMPIRE LEAGUE
Tustin 63, Western 27
FREEWAY LEAGUE
Troy 29, Buena Park 21
Fullerton 35, Sonora 14
La Habra 42, Sunny Hills 3
GARDEN GROVE LEAGUE
Santiago 53, Bolsa Grande 13
Rancho Alamitos 50, Los Amigos 7
GOLDEN WEST LEAGUE
Segerstrom 28, Ocean View 13
Santa Ana 28, Westminster 21
ORANGE LEAGUE
Katella 56, Anaheim 14
Savanna 50, Century 49
ORANGE COAST LEAGUE
Godinez 38, Laguna Beach 14
Calvary Chapel 21, Costa Mesa 7
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Corona del Mar 62, Beckman 13
Woodbridge 47, Irvine 41
University 28, Northwood 7
SEA VIEW LEAGUE
El Toro 41, Aliso Niguel 24
Capistrano Valley 49, Laguna Hills 3
SOUTH COAST LEAGUE
San Juan Hills 37, Trabuco Hills 7
Mission Viejo 42, Tesoro 6
SUNSET LEAGUE
Fountain Valley 35, Marina 21
TRINITY LEAGUE
JSerra 52, Servite 36
Mater Dei 70, Santa Margarita 35
St. John Bosco 42, Orange Lutheran 21
NONLEAGUE
Canyon 17, El Modena 14
El Dorado 10, Foothill 8
Grace Brethren 35, St. Margaret's 13
Crean Lutheran 39, St. Monica 0
Villa Park 63, Esperanza 0
Yorba Linda 40, Brea Olinda 21
SUMMARIES
Mater Dei 63, Santa Margarita 35
Mater Dei 14 42 14 0 – 70
Santa Margarita 7 21 7 0 – 35
Passing: Daniels (MD) 21-24, 326 yards, 5 TD. Norwood (SM)13-14, 267 yards, 3 TD.
Rushing: MD – Harper 10-136, Street 3-86, Daniels 2-36. SM – Magyar 16-97, Thomas 5-15, Norwod 4-10.
Receiving: MD – Parks 6-131, St. Brown 5-100, Harper 3-57. SM – Ebach 6-172, Magyar 2-46, Gauthier 1-20
St. John Bosco 42, Orange Lutheran 21
St. John Bosco 7 7 14 14 — 42
Orange Lutheran 0 7 0 14 – 21
Passing: Mitchell (SJB) 6-10, 66. Uiagalelei (SJB) 10-16, 165. Hilinski (OL) 20-39, 222.
Rushing: SJB – Holani 18-133, Mitchell 6-92. OL – Strong 3-4, Hilinski 11-(-5).
Receiving: SJB – Bowman 5-74, Delgado 2-48. OL – Ford 5-110, Loya 5-55.
El Toro 41, Aliso Niguel 24
ET 20 7 7 7 — 41
AN 7 10 7 0 — 24
Passing: Jones (ET) 15-20, 265 yards, 3TD. Robertson (AN) 20-28, 180 yards, 2TD. Sellona (AN) 1-1, 37 yards.
Rushing: (ET) Castaneda 13-95, Bruce 13-90. (AN) Robertson 18-82, Sellona 11-16
Receiving: (ET) McLaughlin 4-118, Derrico 4-47, Aguilar 5-62, Castaneda 2-38. (AN) Jones 12-120, Peterson 2-40, Gill 4-34, Meyers 2-14
La Habra 42, Sunny Hills 3
La Habra 7 14 7 14 — 42
Sunny Hills 0 3 0 0 — 3
Passing: Fogel 8-11- 109, 1TD, Zinelli 5-9- 31 1TD (LH), Duxbury 7-15- 71 (SH)
Rushing: (LH) Taylor 18-143, Fogel 5-44, Young 5-32, (SH) Jung 18-51, Duxbury 6-9
Receiving: (LH) Anderson 4-95, Taylor 3-34, Hasen 1-24, (SH) Jung 4-34, Won 1-24, Cal 1-5
Fountain Valley 35, Marina 21
Marina 0 21 0 0 — 21
Fountain Valley 13 0 0 22 — 35
Rushing — Marina: Savea 8-41, Riederich 19-33 TD, Few 3-22. FV: Vallier 13-87 2 TD, Welch 13-60 2 TD, Arganda 1-15.
Passing — Marina: Green 8-12 154 yards 2 TDs, Few 4-8 65 yards. FV: Welch 14-26 278 yards 1 TD.
Receiving — Marina: Palma 7-143 2 TDs, Green 1-49, Riederich 2-27.
Segerstrom 28, Ocean View 13
Ocean View 7 0 6 0 — 13
Segerstrom 7 14 0 7 — 28
Passing: Simon (Seg) 3-6, 27. Hickman (OV) 16-29, 168, 2 TDs.
Rushing: Seg- Allen 13-138, Morales 14-91, Sanchez 2-44. OV- DeLoera 16-79, Hickman 6-23, Ramirez 1-1.
Receiving: Seg- Fuiava 1-13, Morales 1-11, Allen 1-3. OV- Meyer 5-58, Washington 5-53, Logan 2-29.
Santa Ana 28, Westminster 21
Westminster 0 14 0 7 – 21
Santa Ana 7 14 0 7 – 28
Passing: Melbon (West) 25-40, 332, 2 TDS; Macias (SA) 8-11, 202, 1 TD.
Rushing: West, Jaime 19-100, Melbon 13-36, Samilton 2-21. SA, Pachheco 18-81, Macias 8-81.
Receiving: West, Samilton 7-92, Mesa 9-102, Navarro 6-99. SA, Aguirre 7-187, Gomez 1-15.
Nigerian airlines to commence Abuja flight Wednesday
The Abuja airport was shut for six weeks to allow runway repairs.
The post Nigerian airlines to commence Abuja flight Wednesday appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigerians Fume As Armed Herdmen Kill Catholic Priests and 17 Worshipers in Benue State
It was a sad day in Benue State again today two Catholic priests and 18 parishioners were killed by gunmen who invaded Ukpo-Mbalom community in Gwer East LGA, today 24 April.
Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha were reportedly attacked in church during early morning mass and murdered with some parishioners. Angry Nigerians have taken to social media to pour out their anger towards the FG inability to do anything about these senseless killings.
See reactions below;
One would expect an upgraded level of security in the country because we have a former military man as President… But reverse it the case, Fulani herdsmen are killing innocent lives on daily basis, all our president does is to condemn. — Osas Cruz (@OsasCruz) April 24, 2018
A catholic church was attacked by herdsmen at 05:30 am today.
The priests, cathecist and congregation all shot to death. The Governor of Benue @GovSamuelOrtom is junketing in far away China. @MBuhari has like always sent us a tweet. #Benue will rise again; we will. — Ghost (@SendeKamo) April 24, 2018
This APC change has cost too many lives in Benue state, should be a lesson to every state never to vote Buhari again. — T'Challa (@UcheMvP) April 24, 2018
This morning Fulani militants slaughtered 11 worshippers and 2 priests during mass at Gwer East in Benue. It appears that the military carnage in Gwer West 6 days ago has further attracted Fulani militants to massacre and completely stamp out any form of resistance in the area. — Femi Fani-Kayode (@realFFK) April 24, 2018
1. PDP mourns the mindless murder of Frs Gor Joseph and Felix Tyolaha as well as parishioners of St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West LGA of Benue State.
Our party condemns these needless killings in Benue, Taraba, Kogi, Zamfara and other states… pic.twitter.com/unT2TvF8cO — Official PDP Nigeria (@OfficialPDPNig) April 24, 2018
As you woke up, had your bathe and went to work/school today, 19 Catholics, Citizens of Nigeria and two of their Priests were allegedly butchered by Armed Fulani Herdsmen/Militia & 73 of the community's houses razed to the ground at Mbalom, Benue. Where is Nigeria's GCFR? — FAVOUR ONYEOZIRI (GCFR) (@Rouvafe) April 24, 2018
The Spokesman of Catholic diocese of Makurdi Nigeria Fr. Mose Lorapuu confirmed the killing of two Catholic Priests & 19 Parishioners by Peul/Fulani Militia who attacked St. Ignatius Quasi parish in Mbalom Benue province in early hours of today.
73 houses were also set ablaze. pic.twitter.com/haTrSGUJWY — Edward (@DonKlericuzio) April 24, 2018
I feel the biggest undoing of the Ortom administration in Benue was the grant of amnesty. As much as they had good intentions for the grant, it is the same reason while we lay bare and get killed, because we can't defend ourselves. — TARKAA “Cee Cee” Kator (@iTARKAA) April 24, 2018
The post Nigerians Fume As Armed Herdmen Kill Catholic Priests and 17 Worshipers in Benue State appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEIRUT — Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving themselves to the suburbs where their forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around them and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
Their low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by their office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as their forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
As they drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated their route to the camera and gave their thoughts on the battle they were going to visit. They said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that their government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be their only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with their wife. They have maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after their forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 per cent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
“The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists,” said Assad as they entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
During the year, Mr. Nash and their wife, Jane Waterman, run a 40-acre farm of poultry and swine in Wolcott, Vt. But they say their real joy comes in December when they move to New York and morph into Christmas tree sellers. They operate 18 tree stands in Manhattan, most of them in Harlem, and employ dozens of people.
Their workers, an eclectic group of out-of-state organic farmers and stonemasons, are put up in apartments. Software tracks the distribution of 20,000 Fraser and Douglas firs trucked in from Canada and Pennsylvania. Four employees replenish the locations overnight. They even adjust their prices according to the neighborhoods.
“Our high-end locations are subsidizing all our cheaper locations in the barrio, where we need to sell our trees for $35 to people who really don't have much more than that,” Mr. Nash said.
This year, Fraser firs from the Beauce region in Canada cost the couple an extra $2 each. Freight was an extra $1 per tree, too. Those higher costs trickled down to shoppers, Mr. Nash said. Bigger trees, those 10 to 14 feet tall, cost the couple an additional $12 each, and can sell for as much as $350.
In fact, prices have been climbing for a while, according to the National Christmas Tree Association, a trade group. The average shopper spent $36.50 on a Christmas tree in 2008; they spent $74.70 in 2016.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We'll probably have tighter, lower margins this year,” Ms. Waterman said. “We have to at least triple what we bought the tree for or we don't make any money.”
Every December, hundreds of vendors flock from as far as Quebec to set up Christmas tree stands on New York sidewalks. The main draw? They don't need a permit.
A rule adopted by City Council in 1938 allows vendors to sell and display Christmas trees on a sidewalk in December as long as they have the permission of owners of buildings fronting the sidewalk and keep a corridor open for pedestrians. The sellers often negotiate a fee with adjacent storefronts to gain their permission, which can create turf wars among merchants jockeying for the best spots.
More Related Stories
Them World | Fashion & Beauty Fortified Formula Against Ageing Skin Nourish your skin with the all-new EGOSTYLE Antipollution line by Isabelle Lancray to defend it from air pollutants that accelerate...
Women's Weekly Nutella Cheesecake recipe courtesy of One Serambi Cafe INGREDIENTS 450g cream cheese 180g sugar 5 eggs 250g heavy cream BASE...
The three-story building on Union Street in North Beach has been red-tagged and barricades have been set up to keep pedestrians away after a 4-alarm fire broke out Saturday night.The Building Department issued a notice of violation requesting that the owner provide an engineer's report within 24 hours and to brace the exterior brick walls as necessary under the direction of that engineer.Neighbors say firefighters responded quickly. We found Steve Lego who took this picture at 7:29 p.m. shortly after the first truck arrived."The way they attacked it, they were there, they were doing something, they seemed to know exactly what was going on. No one got hurt, my building didn't burn. Seems like a win to me," said Lego.But at least one city official has questioned the response of firefighters. Supervisor Aaron Peskin Saturday night said it took too long to put water on the fire."They completely, totally failed to address this working fire in a quick, efficient way," expressed Peskin while watching the fire.The President of the firefighters union explained what was happening when Supervisor Peskin arrived."He got there when we were going from an interior attack to an exterior attack, so it may have looked like we weren't putting water on the fire, but we were evacuating all of our members and setting up ladder-pipes. So to the untrained eye it may look like we weren't doing anything, but it's actually a very critical transition in the fire fight," said O'Conner." I think it was irresponsible for an elected official to try to tell them how to do their job and call for the resignation of the fire chief," said San Francisco Mayor Mark Farrell.Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White was unavailable Monday and Peskin left a voice message on their cellphone saying they were out of town.
LASAA, outdoor advertisers set up committee to resolve issues
By Princewill Ekwujuru
Lagos State Signage & Advertisement Agency (LASAA) and outdoor advertising practitioners under the aegis of Outdoor Advertisers Association of Nigeria, OAAN have set up a 15-member committee to resolve lingering issues in the industry and chart a new way forward.
A source says issues to be addressed by the committee include media buyers, agency rate review, vacant board discount policy; 12.5 percent in the harmonized law, health and safety concerns, structural stability among others.
The meeting which held at the head office of LASAA in Ikeja, Lagos had major outdoor advertising practitioners in the state present. The constituted committee had seven members from OAAN and eight members from LASAA.Addressing the meeting, Managing Director, LASAA, Mobolaji Sanusi said in the agency's effort to improve the relationship between it and outdoor advertising practitioners, it visited some organisations with a view to understanding their challenges and the various problems in the outdoor advertising sector. They said the meeting was the outcome of the various visits, as LASAA had collated some of the concerns of the outdoor advertising practitioners.
“In our efforts to ensure sanity in the industry, it is important to find lasting solutions to some of the issues that have bedeviled the industry,” they said, adding that the meeting should be an opportunity to strengthen “our relations so that in the end, it's going to be a win-win for all of us.”
One of the critical issues discussed at the meeting were media buyers. The outdoor advertising practitioners decried a situation whereby major brands, such as Glo, Nigeria Breweries, among others, frequently owed the practitioners after their advertising campaigns had been displayed.
The post LASAA, outdoor advertisers set up committee to resolve issues appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazil coach Tite pledged not to take the national team to the capital Brasilia to pose with politicians in this election year due to widespread accusations of corruption against several of them.
"I won't go at all. Neither before the World Cup nor afterward. Neither winning nor losing (the title)," Tite, whose real name is Adenor Bacchi, answered TV Record in an interview aired on Saturday.
Since 1970, Brazil has a tradition of visiting the president before or after World Cups so players can receive medals of merit at the presidential palace.
Brazilian President Michel Temer's popularity is at single digits after a series of corruption allegations against them in recent months.
Temer has survived because the Chamber of Deputies rejected two requests to suspend them from office and put them on trial.
The Brazil general elections are in October.
Tite says they have no problem working under Brazil football boss Marco Polo del Nero, who has been suspended by FIFA after graft charges.
"I have total autonomy with the team," Tite said.
The Brazil coach, who took over after the Rio de Janeiro Olympics in 2016, also said they were sorry for not having four years to prepare for the World Cup in Russia in June, but believes their relationship with the players was "100 percent."
The Pearl Group will host the fifth annual Sundresses at Sunset at the historic Hunter Museum of American Art. The fundraiser will feature the best in food, drinks and live entertainment on multiple stages. Proceeds benefit educational and scholarship programs for local high school students. Tickets available at Herman's Soul Food on Brainerd Rd or at www.sundressesatsunset.com.
By STACEY PLAISANCE and KEVIN McGILL
Associated Press
NEW ORLEANS, LA (AP) - When Tropical Storm Nate formed and forecasts put New Orleans in its projected path for this weekend, one big question loomed for residents and business owners: Will the pumps work?
"That's now a thought in everybody who lives in New Orleans," said Devin Shearman, a manager at Katie's restaurant and lounge, which flooded during an unexpected rainstorm Aug. 5. It was one of two flash floods this past summer that led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board, the agency that runs the pumping system that drains the city.
Some pumps weren't working. Some turbines that provide power to the pumps were down. There weren't enough people on hand to man the system.
"Since early August, we have made substantial progress," New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said of work to upgrade the city drainage system. But they warned at a Thursday news conference that extremely heavy rain and storm surge from Nate still could pose flood dangers.
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday. Forecasters said it would likely emerge in the Gulf of Mexico and strengthen, possibly reaching hurricane strength before a Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the Louisiana, Mississippi or Alabama coast. Officials in the resort town of Grand Isle on a vulnerable barrier island south of New Orleans called a voluntary evacuation Thursday. To the east, in coastal St. Bernard Parish, authorities ordered an evacuation of areas not protected by levees.
In the center of Nate's possible destinations was New Orleans, where the summer floods shook public confidence in the Sewerage and Water Board.
It's a state-created agency governed by a board that includes the mayor and appointees of the mayor and the City Council.
After the Aug. 5 revelations, the agency's executive director, Cedric Grant, resigned. Landrieu announced the appointment of a new six-member emergency team to run the agency, make immediate upgrades and recommend long-term changes.
The team is headed by veteran emergency expert Paul Rainwater.
"It's an antiquated system," Rainwater said Thursday, as they discussed their work and the decisions ahead on what will be needed in terms of equipment and personnel.
As of Thursday, city officials said, 108 of 120 pumps and 26 power generators were in place to back up working turbines. Also, the city said efforts to clean thousands of street catch basins had been stepped up, with vacuum trucks dispatched to various areas to suck out thick mud and debris.
Long-term, a major question facing the city is whether to stick with nearly century-old pumps, which cost a lot of money and manpower to maintain but last longer than newer pumps that are reported to have shorter lifespans.
Many are also questioning where the S&WB leadership needs to rest. One option is reducing its autonomy - making it a department directly under the mayor with scrutiny from the council. It's a suggestion New Orleans Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux has made to the mayor and City Council in letters for years.
Meanwhile, city officials must deal with the public's shaken faith in the drainage system.
The Sewerage and Water Board's emergency management team also included a new public relations director - a result of early, erroneous initial statements that the pumps were all working during the Aug. 5 floods.
"There was a lot of misinformation, or lies, frankly, about where we stood," City Council President Jason Williams said in a recent interview. "Moving forward, we've got to make sure that the Sewerage & Water Board is transparent to the public and to all branches of government, because clearly that wasn't happening, and that there's veracity, just being really honest."
Williams said in a recent interview that council members recently learned to pump capacity wasn't tested ahead of the hurricane season that began June 1.
"It's not a time to figure out things when you're underwater and when you're in a kayak," they said.
"I'm glad they're addressing it, finally, but I don't know if you can get my approval for addressing it now, after something's happened," said Shearman, who says patrons were stranded in the restaurant for hours in August when water in the streets was thigh-high. "Trust can be brought back. It's not going to come overnight though. It's going to take a lot of time."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood had 17 of their 22 points during the second half and overtime to help Pennsylvania beat Brown 95-90 on Friday night.
The Quakers (14-6, 4-0 Ivy League) closed on a 6-0 run over the final 1:11 of overtime.
The Bears (9-9, 2-3) trailed 93-90 when Zach Hunsaker missed a 3-point attempt with five seconds left. Wood made 1 of 2 free throws with four seconds left and Max Rothschild added another free throw in the final second.
Penn also scored the final six points of regulation, all on free throws, while Brown missed three field-goal attempts over the final three minutes of the period.
Antonio Woods added 21 points, Ryan Betley had 16, Rothschild 15 and Darnell Foreman 12 for Penn.
Desmond Cambridge had 29 points to lead Brown, the second-highest output of their first-year student season. Brandon Anderson added 18 points, Hunsaker scored 14 and Tamenang Choh 12.
Brown made seven more field goals than Penn (35-28), but the Quakers had 44 foul shots and made 30 compared to the Bears who made 12 of 19 from the foul line.
Highly touted high school quarterback Justin Fields plans to attend Georgia next year.
Fields is from Harrison High School in Kennesaw, Georgia. They announced at a pep rally at the school Friday their nonbinding verbal commitment to the Bulldogs. According to 247Sports' composite rankings of the major recruiting analysts, Fields is the No. 1 overall player in the country.
Fields verbally committed to Penn State late last year, but backed off that in the spring. They had taken official visits to Alabama and LSU.
Fields adds more intrigue to No. 5 Georgia's quarterback situation. Five-star recruit Jacob Eason started last season as a first-year student, but first-year student Jake Fromm took over when Eason got hurt in this season and has played well. All three could be on the roster by spring.
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey said they had to coax a German shepherd on a busy interstate to leave a dead pit bull that it was found lying next to.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification. The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
There is a CeeC in every woman- Basketmouth – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SCHUYLERVILLE, N.Y. — As General Electric seeks to close the books on a $1.7 billion cleanup of the upper Hudson River, a new fight is simmering over the company's legacy of toxic pollution in the region.
This time, the focus is not on whether the fish are safe to eat, but whether children are safe playing in riverside parks and backyards that are prone to frequent flooding. Boston-based GE has agreed to spend $20 million testing soil in the river's flood plain along the 40-mile-long stretch of river where it completed dredging 2.75 million cubic yards of contaminated sediment in 2015.
But it hasn't agreed to remove soil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls, which are suspected of causing cancer and other health problems. That will require a legal agreement negotiated with the Environmental Protection Agency.
An actual cleanup project in flood plain areas is at least five years away, after soil testing now underway is completed, followed by a human health impact study and designing a cleanup plan.
In the waterfront village of Schuylerville, site of key events in the Revolutionary War, the protracted process of initiating a flood plain cleanup plan doesn't sit well with residents and officials who have been trying for years to get state or federal agencies to remove contaminated sediment from an old section of the Champlain Canal that connects to the river.
“In our estimation, the EPA made a huge error when it didn't include the canal in the Hudson River dredging because they said it was standing water,” said Schuylerville Mayor Dan Carpenter. “It's hydrologically connected to the river and was flowing when the PCBs were released” from GE plants upstream more than 40 years ago.
Carpenter and residents want the EPA to order GE to clean up the canal now. Julie Stokes, who represents the local chamber of commerce on EPA's Community Advisory Group for the Hudson River Superfund cleanup project, said there's a window of opportunity to do that in the next few weeks.
The EPA is completing its second five-year review of the Hudson River dredging and may soon act on GE's request that the agency formally declare the project complete, which would diminish its ability to order the company to undertake additional cleanup actions.
“Our position is, don't close the books on that until you fix this problem,” said Dave Roberts, a retired contractor in Schuylerville who's helping create a heritage tourism centre beside the canal.
The banks of the mile-long ribbon of water in the heart of the village sometimes overflow during thunderstorms and flood adjacent properties, including nearby Fort Hardy Park. Residents fear floodwaters will breach a dike and carry contaminated silt that has accumulated so deep that the canal is a cattail-filled swamp in some places.
“Should the dike fail, all that goop would flow right down into the park,” Roberts said.
Fort Hardy Park is not only a popular recreation area but also a significant historic site. It's where Gen. John Burgoyne's defeated British troops lay down their arms in surrender in 1777, giving the Americans their first major victory.
GE invested $1.7 billion in the river dredging project, which EPA has said has met its goals. The state Department of Environmental Conservation and environmental groups disagree with the EPA and say too much PCB-contaminated sediment remains in the river.
In the flood plain phase of the cleanup, GE has analyzed more than 7,000 samples from 3,000 locations so far, company spokesperson Mark Behan said. About 80 per cent of samples showed no PCBs or very low levels.
In areas with higher PCB levels that are used by the public, GE has done about 60 urgent projects including covering contaminated areas at a park and a kayak launch with rocks and sand.
After DEC's tests over the summer showed elevated PCB levels in the old canal, the agency requested that EPA does further sample to determine if such an emergency action is needed to protect people who use the park.
An EPA spokesperson said GE took samples from the old canal and areas susceptible to flooding, including the Fort Hardy Park, over the past week, but results aren't available yet.
Date 3 to 5 men at the same time and select one to marry — Gospel musician advises Ladies
A US based-Ghanaian Female gospel musician Esaaba Haizel is advising young girls to date three to five men in order to assess them before selecting one to marry.
They said it would be of great help for the girls to date multiple men at the same time without getting sexually involved because they would be able to choose the right one best for them.
Speaking to Austine Woode on Abusua Entertainment, they indicated that dating one man is very risky because the man might break the woman's heart by jilting them after heavily investing in the relationship.
‘…I advised young girls on Facebook wall to have three to five men at the same time without having any sexual intercourse with them, you just have to be firm not to sleep with them, having multiple partners will help you to study them, then you let the rest go, by choosing just one. Why waste your time o date only one person?. I'm saying this because you can't have it all, one of the men would be interested in your business, one would be concerned about the food you eat on daily basis thereby supply your needs, the other will be interested in the shoes, make ups, clothing you wear, the list goes on,' they explained.
The Facebook Preacher explained that this is an advise most pastors cannot give to their female church members who are ripe for marriage.
Esaba stated that most men are of the notion that women population is higher than men and thus tread on this to dump women.
‘I'm a Christian, is there something wrong with my advise to young ladies who aspire to marry?, its a good advice your pastor cannot give you,' they quizzed.
They said most women have been neglected by men after wasting their time, committing their time to the relationship.
‘Some men even marry their girlfriends' friends on the d-day after having series of sexual bouts with them, giving them your hearts and all that,' they stated.
They explained that their comments are quotes from their poetry they post on their Facebook page as and when they like.
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Date 3 to 5 men at the same time and select one to marry — Gospel musician advises Ladies appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PILOT MOUNTAIN — Neither East Surry head swimming coach Courtney Tunstall nor their mom Leah, who used to coach the Cardinals, was sure how many Northwest 1A Conference titles in a row that East's girls have won.
It was either six or seven, both Tunstalls said. The only thing that was sure was what was unsaid — no one seems to be catching up to the Lady Cardinals anytime soon.
There was an enormous amount of talent in the pool at the Armfield Civic Center on Saturday afternoon, with all of the league's top teams boasting swimmers of college-level ability, including a few seniors who have already signed for the next level. But in the end, it was East Surry's girls who far outdistanced the competition for the second year in a row. The Lady Cardinals won all 11 events and racked up 216 points to beat runner-up Bishop McGuinness by 83 points. Mount Airy was third with 110 points and league newcomer South Stokes was the only other school to score, with 11.
“They all worked really hard,” said Courtney Tunstall. “They knew with this level of competition that they would have to swim fast, and they really came prepared.”
Two years ago, the Villains threatened to end the Lady Cardinals' streak of titles, taking it down to the final event before losing by three points. But East won convincingly last year and then finished fourth in the state's 1A/2A championship meet behind 2A schools and charter schools. They rolled to another NW1A crown this season, and Coach Tunstall believes that East Surry may be stronger than ever this time around.
“Absolutely, I honestly think we can do better this year,” they said about the team's prospects in the upcoming regionals and state championship meet. “We're really excited about it.”
The ladies in red made their statement early on. The Villains actually led on points after the first event, the 200 medley relay, where Bishop entered three teams that finished 3-4-5. But East's No. 1 team of Sydney Beck, Gracie Pruitt, Carly Bullington and Hadly Tucker crushed it, winning the event by more than six seconds over the Lady Bears' Lindley Williams, Sierra Best, Oshyn Bryant and Gilleyn Bunting.
East didn't even deploy Julie Hicks on either of its relay teams in that event, but Coach Tunstall sent them out for the next girls' event, the 200 free, and they won in 2:05.59, beating teammate Hadly Tucker and Bishop's Katie Herzberger, who was later named the conference's female Swimmer of the Year.
The next girls' event was Cards vs. Bears. Swimming in adjacent lanes, East's Anne-Louise Tunstall and Pruitt beat Mount Airy's Best. A total 27 girls competed in the 50 free, but the Lady Cardinals' Avery Tucker won that one in 26.89, seven-tenths of a second over teammate Beck. Tucker, only a sophomore, would have finished fourth in the boys' version of the event, which was won by East's Nolan Gilliam, who was later named tri-Swimmer of the Year in the league.
As for the elder of the Tuckers, they made it two in a row by also winning the next event, the 100 butterfly, beating out the impressive Herzberger with Bullington in third. The girls' 100 free was another win for the Lady Cardinals, this time by Anne-Louise Tunstall by two and a half seconds over teammate Mikki Nunn. Gilliam wasn't to be outdone, and they won the boys' version of the event by 2.9 seconds over a Bishop swimmer. If Tunstall had entered that race, they would have been third, another three seconds back.
The longest race of the afternoon, the 500 free, was a tour de force by first-year student Hadly Tucker. They won the event by 16.09 seconds over runner-up Bryant of Mount Airy, and both of them were faster than the Bishop swimmer who won the boys' version of the race. Bullington, another first-year student, was third for the Lady Cards.
The East girls went 1-2 in the 200 free relay. Nunn, Destini Hudson, Anne-Louise Tunstall and Avery Tucker edged teammates Pruitt, Grayce Montgomery, Hadly Tucker and Hicks by .78 of a second. A Bishop team was third, nearly four seconds further back.
Beck and Hicks gave East a 1-2 in the 100 backstroke, with MA's Williams in third.
The girls' 100 breaststroke saw the top three seeds placed in the middle of the pool in Best, Nunn and Pruitt. After more than a minute, it was clear that one of the three would win, as they made the final turn more than 10 seconds ahead of everyone else. In a finish that got everyone on their feet, they all touched within 0.4 seconds of each other — Nunn in 1:13.44, Pruitt in 1:13.54 and Best in 1:14.24.
The East girls ended the day with a 1-2 finish in the 400 free relay, with the Lady Bears' best team of Bryant, Bunting, Williams and Best in third.
Although Gilliam had been outstanding for the Cardinal boys, Bishop has been the top dog for a number of years and won the title, 175-133, with Mount Airy third at 92 points. Gilliam's two wins prevented a Villain sweep of the individual boys' events.
Bishop did get a scare in the 200 free relay, but it came from the Granite Bears rather than the Cardinals. The Villains' A team of Issac Kohl, Brandon Sanchez, Garrett Price and Paul Farley won the race, but by less than a half-second over Brock Heck, Chandler Gammons, Simon Cawley and Will Cox. Farley had to swim a 24.88 anchor split, over a half-second better than he'd swum in the individual 50 free, to hold off Cox, who had done the same thing himself.
Those same Bear swimmers, in a different order, had also come in second in the 200 medley relay. All of them also had strong points-paying finishes in other events, as did the Cardinals' JaKwon Thompson.
The 1A/2AWest Regional is the next stop for the top performers on all of the local teams. This will take place on Saturday, Feb. 3 at the Mecklenburg County Aquatic Center in Charlotte. The state championships will be held in their usual location at the Cary Aquatic Center, on Friday, Feb. 9.
The East Surry Lady Cardinals all climbed into the pool to show everyone what a championship swim team looks like. East extended its long streak of dominance in the NW1A with an 83-point win in the conference championship meet on Saturday. Team members include Sydney Beck, Gracie Pruitt, Hadly Tucker, Julie Hicks, Carly Bullington, Olivia Marion, RoyBeth Kiser, Grayce Montgomery, Destini Hudson, Anne-Louise Tunstall, Avery Tucker, Maci Farrington, Stephanie Cervantes, and Mikki Nunn. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0658.jpg The East Surry Lady Cardinals all climbed into the pool to show everyone what a championship swim team looks like. East extended its long streak of dominance in the NW1A with an 83-point win in the conference championship meet on Saturday. Team members include Sydney Beck, Gracie Pruitt, Hadly Tucker, Julie Hicks, Carly Bullington, Olivia Marion, RoyBeth Kiser, Grayce Montgomery, Destini Hudson, Anne-Louise Tunstall, Avery Tucker, Maci Farrington, Stephanie Cervantes, and Mikki Nunn. John Cate | The News Lindley Williams of Mount Airy and Hadly Tucker of East Surry dive into the pool to compete in the girls' 200 freestyle on Saturday at the Armfield Center. They finished fourth and second in the event, respectively. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0594.jpg Lindley Williams of Mount Airy and Hadly Tucker of East Surry dive into the pool to compete in the girls' 200 freestyle on Saturday at the Armfield Center. They finished fourth and second in the event, respectively. John Cate | The News The Lady Bears' Sierra Best was involved in three major showdowns with top East Surry swimmers during the afternoon. Here, Best touches the wall for third place in the 200 individual medley. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0608.jpg The Lady Bears' Sierra Best was involved in three major showdowns with top East Surry swimmers during the afternoon. Here, Best touches the wall for third place in the 200 individual medley. John Cate | The News Heat one of the girls' 100 backstroke was a match race between three Lady Bears. Jami Keene, Ellie Martin and Savannah Hiatt went out in adjacent lanes, with Martin posting the best time. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0631.jpg Heat one of the girls' 100 backstroke was a match race between three Lady Bears. Jami Keene, Ellie Martin and Savannah Hiatt went out in adjacent lanes, with Martin posting the best time. John Cate | The News East Surry's Lee Knight moves through the water in the boys' 100 backstroke on Saturday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0650.jpg East Surry's Lee Knight moves through the water in the boys' 100 backstroke on Saturday. John Cate | The News Avery Tucker and Anne-Louise Tunstall of East Surry were named as the co-MVP's in the girls' portion of Saturday's Northwest 1A Conference championships. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0660.jpg Avery Tucker and Anne-Louise Tunstall of East Surry were named as the co-MVP's in the girls' portion of Saturday's Northwest 1A Conference championships. John Cate | The News Thomas Hamlet of Bishop McGuinness, Nolan Gilliam of East Surry and Will Cox of Mount Airy will all share the 2017-18 Male Swimmer of the Year award for the Northwest 1A Conference. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_DSC_0662.jpg Thomas Hamlet of Bishop McGuinness, Nolan Gilliam of East Surry and Will Cox of Mount Airy will all share the 2017-18 Male Swimmer of the Year award for the Northwest 1A Conference. John Cate | The News
East Surry girls win all 11 events to capture Northwest 1A swim crown
By John Cate jcate@mtairynews.com
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
4:05 p.m.
Uber has postponed a show-and-tell of its self-driving vehicles after one was involved in a deadly crash in Arizona.
Uber had planned a media event Thursday at its Tempe facility to show off its fleet, offer rides, and have engineers talk about the push to have vehicles operate on their own.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Arizona for months.
Police say one of them hit and killed 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg late Sunday as they stepped on to the street. Police say neither they nor the vehicle's backup driver showed signs of impairment.
Uber spokesperson Stephanie Sedlak says the media event will be held at a later date.
3:35 p.m.
An Uber self-driving test vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it struck and killed a woman late Sunday in a Phoenix suburb.
The death of 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg is believed to be the first known fatality by a self-driving test vehicle.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said Monday the agency hasn't drawn any conclusions about who is at fault.
They say Herzberg was struck immediately as they stepped on to the street outside of a crosswalk while walking a bicycle. They say neither Herzberg nor the man behind the wheel monitoring the vehicle showed signs of impairment.
The vehicle was in autonomous mode, meaning its computers and sensors were driving but the human can intervene.
Elcock says the investigation is in the early stages and will be aided by video footage of the scene.
2:10 p.m.
A woman who was hit and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle was walking a bicycle across a suburban Phoenix street.
Television video footage showed a bicycle with a twisted front wheel lying on a Tempe sidewalk, with the Uber vehicle nearby.
Tempe police say the crash involving an Uber SUV happened Sunday night in the first known fatality by a self-driving test vehicle.
They say 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg wasn't in a crosswalk when they were hit. They later died at a hospital.
Federal investigators were headed to Tempe on Monday to investigate. The agency says it will examine vehicle factors, human performance and electronic recorders.
11:50 a.m.
A woman who police say was hit and killed by an Uber self-driving vehicle has been identified as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg.  They are believed to be the first person killed by a self-driving vehicle.
Police in a Phoenix suburb says Herzberg had been walking outside of a crosswalk Sunday night when they were struck by the vehicle. They died from their injuries at a local hospital.
Uber suspended its self-driving tests in a handful of cities Monday following the crash.
The National Transportation Safety Board has sent a small team to Tempe to investigate what happened.
Uber expressed condolences to Herzberg's family and says it is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of their injuries at a hospital and their name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In-line skating was a "habit" a couple of nuns thought they might have to give up when they took their vow of obedience, chastity and poverty.
"When I entered, I left my Rollerblades at home, thinking, 'I'm not going to use them,'" Sister Caritas Sparke told ABC affiliate KIII.
But Sister Caritas was mistaken.
KIII
The "Solt Sisters," named for their church's acronym -- the Society of Our Lady of the Most Holy Trinity -- cruise around the Bayfront area of Corpus Christi, Texas, and certainly attract a lot of attention from visitors and residents alike.
"Most often, you get a shocked look," Sister Caritas told KIII.
Weekly, these "holy rollers" wear their full habit, strap on their in-line skates, coast down the coast and pose for selfies when asked.
KIII
Even professional skaters have taken notice.
"We did meet a group of roller derby women ... and it was actually really cool," Sister Mary Elezibaeth Albers told KIII. "They invited us to their roller derby match."
Both Sister Mary Elezibaeth and Sister Caritas hope them skating around shows a different side to the convent than most people are used to.
"I think they think we're probably pretty cool," Sister Caritas said, laughing to KIII.
Uproxx
The food community was shaken on Monday morning when one of the world's biggest celebrity chefs joined the growing list of powerful men accused of sexual harassment and assault. Mario Batali — major tv personality and restaurateur — was accused by four women of sexual misconduct. As with any of these high profile media revelations, Batali's colleagues are expected to respond publicly and swiftly to their conduct. And in light of these allegations, their peers have been reacting on Twitter.
The lead upstarted Sunday night with Anthony Bourdain hinting that news about a well known chef was about to rock the community. After Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme apologized for kicking a reporter in the head during a concert, Bourdain shared their disgust and warned fans that, “.. and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better.”
..and Monday, I'm afraid, isn't going to get any better . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
“No, trust me,” they continued. “Monday is really gonna suck.”
No. Trust me. Monday is really gonna suck . — Anthony Bourdain (@Bourdain) December 11, 2017
When the news broke about the famous chef allegedly groping multiple women, Bourdain released the thoughts that they had apparently been sitting on for quite awhile.
Walter Day, patriarch of Twin Galaxies International, reminded that Nov. 30, marked the 35th anniversary of Ottumwa, Iowa, being dubbed the “Video Game Capital of the World.”
Wrote Walter: “While most city fathers were legislating against video games, Mayor Jerry Parker gained national prominence by bucking the trend when they made that proclamation back in 1982.
“This was a bold move and it earned headlines for Ottumwa around the world,” Walter continued. “Mayor Parker would go on to issue Mayoral proclamations that challenged Japan and Italy to video game championships…in Ottumwa. We honored Mayor Parker at an Aug. 13, 2009 ceremony when launching the campaign to create the ‘official' International Video Game Hall of Fame in Ottumwa,” Walter added.
Kogi Development Agenda calls for senator Dino's arrest
A socio-political group, Kogi Development Agenda, KDA, has called on security operatives in the country to “immediately arrest the Senator representing Kogi West, Dino Melaye and charge them for an unlawful assembly which led to the lives of some Nigerians”.
Addressing journalists in Lokoja over the weekend, the association's Publicity Secretary, Isah Mohammed said the “Dino example” is capable of plunging the state into “unimaginable depth of violence if certain steps are not taken to prove no one is bigger than the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria”.
In their words, “It is an appalling scenario for Dino Melaye, a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to gather people together, insult constituted authorities and make unfounded allegations against the Governor; caused a crisis that led to loss of lives and then still have the audacity to accuse the authorities in the state for being responsible for their actions. This is surely a litmus test for the nation's authorities.
“Audio tapes emerged last week in which Dino purportedly confided in a friend, how they have framed up a Council administrator in the state. They also purportedly said in the tape that there will be no peace in Gaza, ostensibly referring to Kogi State. They carried out their threat, leading to loss of lives. The Kogi State Police Command has already come out with a statement, indicting the Senator.
“The next thing is to order Dino's arrest in order to douse the fears of many that Dino is being shielded by some powerful forces in Abuja. Arresting Dino means arresting the tide of violence in Kogi State.  They are already pointing accusing fingers to certain government officials, assuring that those government officials would be arrested as if they control the operations of the Police.
“It is obvious that Dino's action was a desperate attempt at saving their head from their imminent recall. Their call for a state of emergency in Kogi State has shown the reason behind their waging violence on our dear state. They went to some designated places in Kogi West over the weekend to cause chaos. This is purely unacceptable.
“We call on the State Governor, Alh. Yahaya Bello to remain focused in repositioning the state. They should never join Dino in a battle of wits”.
The KDA also warned the youth not to allow themselves to be pawns in the hands of politicians who are anti-poor and immoral, saying that their future is more important than the political brigandage displayed on June 12 in Lokoja.
The post Kogi Development Agenda calls for senator Dino's arrest appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ANAHEIM — Losing two top defensemen can be damaging to any team and the Ducks are simply not the same without Hampus Lindholm and Sami Vatanen patrolling their blue line.
The two have been in daily skating drills before practice but they're not at the point of dealing with contact as they work to complete their recovery from major shoulder surgeries. Their absence creates concern but that has been eased by the presence of a former lacrosse player.
Brandon Montour operated at a high level in that sport growing up but gave it up for hockey. The Ducks are reaping the benefits of that decision and they're very comfortable with handing them plenty of responsibility on defense, particularly while Lindholm and Vatanen return to complete health.
Montour is eating it up. They were present throughout the Ducks' 5-4 comeback win over Arizona on Thursday, making several defensive plays and picking off Clayton Keller's errant pass into the neutral zone to start a counterattack that led to Ondrej Kase's second-period goal.
The night's total – One assist and a plus-3 rating over 20 minutes, 46 seconds of action.
“That's what it's all about,” Montour said Friday. “I have the confidence in myself to play like that. Continue to have them have trust in me and vice versa. It's good. When they have confidence in me on the ice, it just makes me play that much better.”
It didn't take long for Ducks coach Randy Carlyle to put their trust in Montour and it speaks to how well the 23-year-old played in their own end during an impressive NHL debut last season. Carlyle said that trust came about 10 games into their stay with the club after being called up from the minors.
“We felt that we could trust them in some of the situations and that they were going to react positively,” Carlyle said. “The one thing about Monty, and I've said it all the time, is they love to play. And they could play all day.
“He's one of those guys that doesn't need a lot of urging. He's more engaged when the pressure goes up. They like to be involved in it. They don't sit back. They don't go to the back row. They step up and tries to go to the front row. Which is encouraging for a young player.”
Francois Beauchemin is Montour's defense partner and the 13-year veteran is being a mentor in the same vein that they were when Lindholm was breaking into the league. Beauchemin readily sees Montour's best attributes – the great skating ability, hard shot and eagerness to battle for the puck in the corners.
The thing that they want to impart on the youngster is keeping a level head between plays good and bad and knowing when to force the issue and make a play and when to use caution. Consistency is paramount.
“This is mostly the hardest thing sometimes when you're young,” Beauchemin said. “You have a couple of really good games and then you start to struggle and get nervous and squeeze your stick a little bit more. You're not making plays.
“He's got talent. He's just got to make sure they keep getting better every day. And keeps a lot of things simple. Because they can make all those plays without forcing them.”
Like Lindholm did before him, Montour is digesting Beauchemin's wisdom.
“He's experienced,” Montour said. “He's won. He's been on different teams , different dressing rooms and stuff like that. I don't know how many games he's played but he's experienced it all. It's good to have someone like that.”
NEW LINE SMOKES
Key players on the shelf forced the assembling of a new top line but it paid huge dividends right away against the Coyotes.
The threesome of Andrew Cogliano, Rickard Rakell and Corey Perry combined for nine points, and were directly involved in four goals. Perry had two while Cogliano tied the score in the third period and Rakell followed with the winning score to cap a four-goal comeback.
Carlyle professed no surprise with their immediate chemistry as they offered a reminder of highlighting their “dynamic” work in the final preseason game against the Kings. “You guys got short memories,” they chirped.
Cogliano pointed to Rakell's playmaking in the middle and playing off them and Perry.
“Raks is a pretty underrated player in how they play the game,” Cogliano said. “He opes up a lot of ice. If I can complement them with getting on the foreheck and turning pucks over and creating some zone time, when you get pucks for Perry in the (offensive) zone, they can create damage on the other team.”
STATUS QUO
It appears Ryan Getzlaf will miss a second straight game due to a nagging lower-body injury. Patrick Eaves and Ryan Miller are already on injured reserve and the first chance they can become eligible is Wednesday's home game against the New York Islanders.
Not that either will be ready to return by then. Carlyle said they are focusing on the players who were available to them Thursday night. “There's no white knights coming for tomorrow night's game,” they said.
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: fifa.com
2017-10-06
Black Starlets
Ghana made a winning start to their FIFA U-17 World Cup India 2017 campaign with a 1-0 victory over Group A rivals Colombia in New Delhi on Friday.
There were good chances and saves made at both ends of the pitch during the first half, but it was not until the 39th minute that the West Africans made the decisive breakthrough.
A fine counter-attack saw Black Starlets captain Eric Ayiah make an incisive run down the left flank before delivering a pinpoint low cross that Sadiq Ibrahim duly converted at the far post for 1-0 half-time lead.
The Colombians went in search of an equaliser after the break, with their best chance falling to substitute Deiber Caicedo. Yet, after breaking into the Ghana box from the right flank, their low effort went wide of the far post.
SAN JOSE, Calif. — Sam Logwood scored the Lobos' final six points and New Mexico denied San Jose State its first Mountain West Conference win this season, beating the Spartans 71-68 on Saturday.
Logwood's basket with 3:50 to go gave the Lobos the lead for good at 64-62. They added another basket and four more frees throws in the final 1:49.
Nai Carlisle's 3-point play with 33 seconds left got the Spartans (3-19, 0-11) within three, but after Noah Baumann grabbed a defensive rebound they had their pass intercepted by Logwood, who was fouled and made 1 of 2 free throws before Ryan Welage's long 3-point attempt went off the back of the rim.
Antino Jackson scored 17 points, Anthony Mathis 15, Joe Furstinger 12 and Logwood 10 for New Mexico (12-12, 7-4).
Welage scored 22 points and Jaycee Hillsman added career highs of 21 points and 11 rebounds before fouling out with 2:44 left.
FG, Microsoft to digitalize investment climates in Nigeria
By Emeka Aginam
The Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment , MITI has partnered with Microsoft, through its Africa Open4Business programme, to digitally transform the delivery of services to the investor community in Nigeria and evolve the regulatory and procedural environment governing business incorporation.
By harnessing advances in cloud technologies, MITI aims to transform the reach and scope of government-to-investor services in the country, creating an agile and investment-friendly environment.
With the new partnership, MITI strongly believes that digital technologies play a pivotal and fundamental role in evaluating and changing the landscape for reforms, with e-reforms becoming the next big thing for Nigeria, for government operations and services, and for the economy at large.
“Our partnership with Microsoft is designed to drive business model innovations, which will transform the delivery of services to current and prospective investors in Nigeria,” Okechukwu Enelamah, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, said, adding that, “The objective is to deliver self-provisioned, expedient and technology-driven services to the highly-valued constituencies of investors that we are mandated and keen to serve”.
According to him, the partnership between MITI and Microsoft is expected to tap into the portfolio of services availed through the Microsoft 4Afrika Initiative, to jointly drive digital transformation and advance Nigeria's Ease of Doing Business ranking.
Speaking on the support from Microsoft, Hakeen Adeniji-Adele, Public Sector Director at Microsoft Nigeria, says: ““The Africa Open4Business programme helps to tackle one of the main challenges deterring investors: A lack of credible and timely investment-related information. By helping MITI modernise and digitise this information, we will enable MITI to engage with investors on a frequent and timely basis, to increase investment levels and, ultimately, the pace of job creation.”
Also speaking, Azza El Shinnawy, Director of Government Solutions, Microsoft Africa Initiatives, “By integrating cloud technology, we will be able to cut down both the time and costs investors spend to incorporate and maintain their businesses in Nigeria.
Cloud technology will also help MITI proactively communicate opportunities to a global community of investors, expanding investment horizons and showing that Nigeria is indeed open for business.”
Meanwhile, in World Bank's compilation of Ease of Doing Business ranking annually in partnership governments, Nigeria is currently ranked 169 out of 190 economies.
Country rankings are highly observed by the global investor community, as they generally reflect not only the conduciveness of the regulatory and procedural environment facing new market entrants, but also how businesses interact with government regulatory agencies throughout their lifecycle.
The post FG, Microsoft to digitalize investment climates in Nigeria appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The German government has explicitly demanded that Iran abandon its aggressive policy towards Israel, recognize Israel's right to exist and stop all antisemitic and anti-Israeli activity, according to Yisrael Hayom.
The demand was made by German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert while European Union foreign ministers met in Brussels on Monday to discuss imposing new sanctions on Iran for its involvement in various conflicts throughout the Middle East and continued development of its missile program.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - Chicano Park, known for colorful murals, could be an area of tense confrontation, as opposing rallies are set for the space Saturday.
The right-wing group Border Town Patriots will meet for a picnic at the park and call for the removal of those murals, which the group calls unwelcoming and says promotes communism.
Border Town Patriots say they also want to raise the American Flag at the park.
RELATED: Groups put San Diego on notice ahead of event at Chicano Park
Chicano Park supporters say the group is racist and plan on occupying all the picnic tables at the park to keep the "Patriot Picnic" from happening.
Supporters say the park promotes Chicano culture.
Police plan to shut down Logan Avenue from Cesar Chavez to South Evans Saturday and remain at the site to prevent any unrest.
RELATED: New mural set to go up in Chicano Park
Last September, the conservative group tried to have a picnic and hundreds of Chicano Park supporters showed up in opposition.
Tensions rose between the two sides that day and San Diego Police had to escort the group out.
A woman was reportedly found in one of the bedrooms in Drake's house earlier this month.
One of the rapper's entourage reportedly walked into their California mansion at 10:30pm local time on 3 April and found a 24-year-old woman, who hasn't been named, wearing one of the One Dance singer's hooded sweaters in one of the bedrooms, according to TMZ.com.
Police officers were called to the scene, where the woman claimed they had been allowed to enter the property, which was reportedly untrue. They also confessed to taking some of Drake's drinks including Pepsi, Sprite and Fiji Water.
They were arrested and charged with felony burglary. Law enforcement sources have told TMZ there were no signs of forced entry, so it is unclear how they gained access to the property.
Drake was not in at the time of the incident.
This isn't the first time the 30-year-old has been a victim of a burglary. The tour bus they shared with Future was targeted while the duo were performing in Phoenix, Arizona in September.
A 21-year-old named Travion King was allegedly caught on surveillance footage and booked on a burglary charge. They reportedly took a briefcase full of jewellery, worth US$3 million, which was subsequently returned to the rappers.
FG Expresses Dissatisfaction over Trawler Owners Operation in Nigerian Waters
The Ministry of Agricultural and Rural Development has expressed dissatisfaction on activities of trawler owners in the country's territorial water, alleging that most of their operations are not transparent while at sea.
The ministry appealed to trawler owners to be accountable in their operations as part of effort in engaging government for effective fishing activities.
Speaking at a monthly forum organised by Journalists under the auspices of Nigerian Association of Agriculture Journalists (NAAJ) held in Lagos recently, the Senior Special Adviser on media to the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Kayode Oyeleye said that it would be difficult for government to assist trawler owners in anyway, when it is obvious that their operations are not transparent towards economic growth.
Oyeleye said: “Basically issues affecting trawler operations is not peculiar to Nigeria alone but we are aware that there are illegal operations going on in our territorial water.
“Those of them who are doing things right need to come forward, form a strong front and engage the government so that government can also help them.”
Oyeleye alleged that many of the trawlers operating in Nigerian maritime space do not declare their actual catches at sea and government is aware of the practice, thus would be seen as economy sabotage.
They noted that some of the crew aboard such vessels is in the habit of selling their catches at sea; and later go back to their respective organisations to say hunting had been low.
According to him, the trawler owners would have played a key role in the agriculture sub sector but their attitude has discouraged the government to do more in the area of assistance and incentives.
They called on trawler owners and their crew to be transparent in their operation for government to show interest in the nature of their operations adding that the fishing sub sector can generate huge revenue only if the operators are honest with the catches at sea.
Oyeleye added that pirate attacks on trawlers within the maritime space are not the major problem affecting their operations alleging that some of their businesses at sea were under shady deal conditions.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Child protection authorities in Paris are using flawed age assessment procedures for unaccompanied migrant youths, excluding many from care they need and are entitled to. Hundreds of unaccompanied children sleep on the streets of Paris each night, according to estimates from lawyers and nongovernmental organizations.
(Paris) – Child protection authorities in Paris are using flawed age assessment procedures for unaccompanied migrant children, excluding many from care they need and are entitled to, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. Hundreds of these young migrants find themselves homeless, often condemned to sleep on the streets of Paris.
“These children have suffered through incredibly difficult and dangerous journeys, only to be deprived of the protection and care they need,” said Bénédicte Jeannerod, France director at Human Rights Watch. “Deeply flawed procedures mean that children may be arbitrarily turned away at the door of the evaluation office, denied protection after a short interview, or tied up in arduous court procedures and left in limbo for months.”
Human Rights Watch interviewed 49 unaccompanied children and reviewed age assessments in an additional 35 cases. Human Rights Watch also spoke with lawyers, health care providers, staff and volunteers of humanitarian agencies and informal associations, and government officials.
Youths who receive full interviews are often denied recognition as children if they lack identity documents, Human Rights Watch found. But international standards and French regulations establish that the primary method of establishing approximate age should be through interviews, recognizing that documents may be lost during arduous journeys.
Even those who have documents are frequently rejected. Child welfare authorities and judges question birth certificates, passports, and other identity documents despite the rule in French law that such documents are presumptively valid unless there are substantiated reasons to believe otherwise.
The review of case files found other invalid grounds for concluding that a person was an adult. Work in the home country or on the journey to Europe was frequently cited, even though millions of children around the world work, including in hazardous or harmful forms of labor. Child protection authorities also often cited the youth's decision to travel without parents, though many thousands of children travel on their own to Europe each year.
In other cases, examiners told youths from French-speaking countries that they spoke French too well. Imrane O., from Côte d'Ivoire, who gave their age as 15, told Human Rights Watch that their examiner “said that I was answering their questions too well. Because I could answer their questions, I couldn't be a minor. How is that? I did eight years of schooling, in French. Of course I could answer them questions.”
In the cases studied, child protection authorities also frequently relied on subjective factors such as “bearing” or comportment. Some youths received adverse age assessments based in part on expressing irritation with repeated questioning or presenting their case forcefully, behaviors that can be exhibited at any age. Many more were simply told they had the bearing of an adult, without further explanation.
When children seek review of adverse decisions, some judges regularly order bone tests to determine their age. Medical bodies in France and elsewhere have repeatedly found that bone and other medical examinations are not a reliable means of determining age, particularly for older adolescents, and have called for ending their use.
The cumulative effect of arbitrary decision-making is that age assessments in Paris are “like a lottery: sometimes you win, but most of the time you lose, even if you're underage,” an aid worker with the nongovernmental organization Utopia 56 told Human Rights Watch.
The number of unaccompanied migrant children arriving in Paris, as well as in France overall, has increased in recent years. France's child welfare system took more than 25,000 unaccompanied migrant children into care in 2017, an increase of 92 percent from the previous year. Nearly half of unaccompanied children who seek protection from the child welfare system in France do so in Paris. In February 2018, when Human Rights Watch began this research, an estimated 400 unaccompanied children were “sleeping rough” (outside) in the French capital, , according to estimates from lawyers and nongovernmental organizations. Current estimates are lower.
Ordinary citizens, on their own and in groups, have stepped in to address some of these children's needs, providing food and other services, organizing football clubs, improvisational theatre, and other activities, and in some cases opening their homes to give children a place to stay for a night or two, or even longer.
But these laudable efforts, along with services provided by nongovernmental groups such as Médécins sans Frontières and Utopia 56, depend on volunteers and cannot meet the need. In contrast, France has both the means and the obligation to provide appropriate care and protection to all children within French territory, regardless of migration status.
French national and departmental authorities should ensure that age assessments are used only when authorities have well-founded doubts about an individual's claim to be under 18, Human Rights Watch said. In such cases, they should take appropriate steps to determine age and establish eligibility for services, bearing in mind that all age assessments will be estimates. These steps should include interviews by professionals with the expertise to work with children, as international standards recommend.
France also should end the use of bone tests and similar discredited medical examinations.
“Instead of giving youths the benefit of the doubt, as they should, child protection services seem to be doing everything they can to exclude youths from the child care system,” Jeannerod said. “The French authorities should immediately put an end to arbitrary age decisions and provide sufficient resources to take care of and protect unaccompanied migrant children.”
When Ethiopian Airlines takes delivery of its 100th aircraft—a Boeing 787-9—on June 5, the Star Alliance member will become the first African airline to operate a 100-aircraft fleet in the history of the continent.
Ethiopian Group CEO Tewolde GebreMariam said the “100-fleet milestone, which we have achieved ahead of our Vision 2025 targets, compels us to revise our plans with a view to phase in more aircraft and further expand our network.”
Ethiopian, which was the first to begin jet service on the African continent in 1962, has five more Boeing 787-900s and 16 Airbus A350-900s on order, among others.
On May 4, the carrier has placed a follow-on order for 10 Bombardier Q400s, plus purchase rights for five additional Q400 turboprops.
The carrier´s fleet is made up of Airbus A350-900, Boeing 787-8, 787-9, 777-300ER, 777-200LR, 777-200F and Bombardier Q400 aircraft, with an average age of less than five years.
The fast-expanding network reaches more than 110 international destinations covering five continents and will be extended with 3X-weekly Addis Ababa-Jakarta services starting July 17. The new service will be routed via Bangkok with 787-8s and marks the first flights into Jakarta operated by an African carrier.
Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (02/14/2017) – Current U.S. President Donald J. Trump chose Valentine's Day to, effectively, send a message to former president Barack Obama. A Congressional Review Act bill signed by Trump today, effectively cancels out some of the Obama Administration actions prior to ending occupation of the White House. H.J. Res. 41 repeals Dodd-Frank regulations on the energy industry. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) says the regulations would have put American oil and natural gas companies at a disadvantage on the world stage. Ryan claims this will free up American entrepreneurs, creating jobs, and jump-starting our economy. The House continues to take up Congressional Review Act initiatives this week. – WISCREPORT NEWSBRIEFS
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby, center, arrives with their wife, Camille, right, for their sexual assault trial, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby, left, arrives with their wife, Camille, for their sexual assault retrial, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - The Latest on Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial (all times local):
6:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial is expected to begin deliberating the comedian's fate on Wednesday.
Judge Steven O'Neill says jurors indicated they were exhausted after listening to more than five hours of closing arguments on Tuesday.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004. The 80-year-old comedian says their encounter with Andrea Constand was consensual.
Their lawyers told the panel of seven men and five women Tuesday that Constand made up the assault allegation as part of a scheme to file suit and extract millions of dollars from Cosby.
Prosecutor Stewart Ryan urged jurors to "look that man in the eye and tell them the truth about what they did."
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
5:30 p.m.
A prosecutor is attacking Bill Cosby's star defense witness.
Prosecutor Stewart Ryan said in their closing argument Tuesday that Marguerite Jackson's testimony was "fictional."
Jackson is a Temple University academic adviser who testified that Cosby's chief accuser, Andrea Constand, once spoke of falsely accusing a high-profile person of sexual assault so they could file a lawsuit.
Ryan called it a "fictional conversation."
They also rejected the defense explanation that Cosby paid nearly $3.4 million to settle Constand's civil lawsuit in 2006 because it was a nuisance and they feared bad publicity.
Cosby is charged with drugging and assaulting Constand at their home outside Philadelphia. They say their sexual encounter was consensual. Their lawyers say Constand framed them so they could file suit.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
3:30 p.m.
A prosecutor at Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial says they used their good-guy image as America's Dad to gain unsuspecting women's trust before knocking them out with powerful drugs and violating them.
Prosecutor Kristen Feden delivered closing arguments Tuesday, saying Cosby is "nothing like the image that they played on TV."
They say Cosby led a secret life that ran counter to the wholesome image they projected as Dr. Cliff Huxtable on their top-rated 1980s sitcom.
Cosby is charged with drugging and sexually assaulting a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004. They say the encounter was consensual. Their lawyers have called their chief accuser a con artist who falsely accused Cosby in hopes of a big payday.
Feden says Cosby is the true con artist.
The jury is expected to begin deliberating later Tuesday.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
12:10 p.m.
Bill Cosby's lawyers are urging a jury to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they say are based on "flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence."
The defense at Cosby's retrial gave its closing argument Tuesday. Their lawyers slammed chief accuser Andrea Constand as a "pathological liar." They highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years about their relationship with Cosby and their allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia home.
Cosby's wife of 54 years was in the courtroom for their lawyers' arguments.
Prosecutors will deliver their closing argument next. The jury is expected to get the case later Tuesday.
Cosby says their encounter with Constand was consensual. A jury deadlocked on the charges last year, setting the stage for a retrial.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
___
9:50 a.m.
Bill Cosby's spokesperson says the comedian's wife will be in the courtroom for the defense closing argument.
Cosby arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial Tuesday morning accompanied for the first time by Camille, their wife of 54 years.
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt says they didn't want Camille and other family members there for the rest of the trial.
Wyatt says she's in court to support defense lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss as they deliver their closing argument, just as they were there to support their husband's lawyer during closing arguments at last year's trial. That jury deadlocked on the charges.
Cosby is charged with drugging and molesting a woman in 2004. They say it was consensual.
___
8:45 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the 12th day of their sexual assault retrial, accompanied for the first time by their wife of 54 years.
The 80-year-old and their wife, Camille, didn't talk to reporters as they entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse, where closing arguments and deliberations are expected Tuesday.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
12:10 a.m.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault retrial will soon be in the hands of a jury.
Closing arguments and deliberations are set for Tuesday. The defense rested Monday after Cosby said they wouldn't testify.
The comedian is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault.
The charges stem from Andrea Constand's allegations that they drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004.
Cosby's lawyers devoted part of their case to travel records they say prove they couldn't have been there when they say the alleged assault happened.
They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier, outside the statute of limitations.
The Associated Press doesn't typically identify people who say they're victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police in Cambodia have announced the arrest of a British man suspected of involvement in the killing of another Briton in the Thai resort town of Pattaya.
Deputy National Police Chief Gen. Chhay Sinarith confirmed the arrest of Toby James Nelhams, who was taken to Phnom Penh Municipal Court on Wednesday for questioning.
Nelhams was one of three men sought by Thai police in the Jan. 24 shooting death of Tony Kenway as they sat in their car. Kenway's widow described them as a web developer, but Thai media suggested they had connections with a gambling website, among other activities.
Thai police have said the other two suspects, a South African and a Briton, are believed to have fled to Cambodia.
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. The Preserve was intended to be a traditional neighborhood with amenities and green spaces never more than a five-minute walk from each home.
Since the end of World War II, the American suburban design paradigm has been that of the sprawl, with towns and cities ending up split into commercial, residential and recreational areas and leading to residents spending more time behind their steering wheels than anywhere else.
But to Steve Mouzon, town architect of The Preserve, there was much to be said about a different kind of development, where residents felt more at ease walking to restaurants and shops and didn't need to drive to have a high quality of life.
The Preserve was built by USS Real Estate, a subsidiary of U.S. Steel Corporation, which at its height held an immense amount of land in and around Birmingham.
Mouzon said the idea was to create a traditional neighborhood out of the 300-acre development, rather than a sprawling subdivision, with amenities and green spaces never more than a five-minute walk from each home.
“The walkable community is an important part,” said landscape architect Nimrod Long III.
Long said even though The Preserve is in the middle of the action in Hoover, they think it's a quiet spot.
The Preserve is also directly adjacent to the 250-acre Moss Rock Preserve, which both Long and Mouzon said also draws people to the community.
“It's the only one of its kind in Hoover,” Mouzon said. But they hope future neighborhoods will adopt the idea, they said.
“I don't want The Preserve to be the only neighborhood in Hoover like this in the future.”
What: A meeting for developers to discuss with the public the proposed Daybreak project in southeast Reno.
In 2015, Newport Pacific Land, a development company based in Newport Beach, Calif., had its eye on a 980-acre stretch of land tucked in southeast Reno, the site of the former Butler Ranch.
"We saw the property and said, this is the best development piece in the city — bar none," said Christopher Bley, partner at Newport Pacific Land.
With that, the development company began drafting a proposal — one that not only responded to the greater Reno's housing shortage, but also the region's soaring rates.
"The median home prices in our area are outpacing the household median incomes, especially in the south portion (of Reno)," said principal planner Andy Durling of Wood Rodgers Inc. "What was identified as a glaring need: attainable housing for median-income families."
And so two years later, Newport Pacific Land is in the early stages of the approval process with the city of Reno for a project aimed to help meet that need. Its called Daybreak.
Specifically, developers are proposing 4,700 housing units, comprised of an array of single-family homes and townhomes as well as multifamily residential units planted across the 980-acre site. This, Durling said, equates to a ratio of roughly 4.8 dwelling units per acre.
Recommended Stories For You
"Although," Bley said, "people love having the 6,000-square-foot lot — and that's the majority of the homes that are in southeast Reno — we wanted to build a community that has a little bit of everything —walkability, attainability — by keeping some of the pricing lower by doing the densification in some areas."
While the project's emphasis is a broader spectrum of attainable housing units, Durling noted that the Daybreak project would still have a "healthy amount" of single-family homes.
"Affordability has just gone away and we want to provide that 'missing middle,'" Bley said. "As developers, we looked at Reno and are obviously very bullish on the market and the economy. But, very often developers will come in and they just chase the market. That's not what we wanted to do."
With companies moving in from California and startups setting up shop like clockwork in Reno-Sparks, it's no secret that the market is in the middle of a growth spurt. A lack of housing, however, can stunt that growth.
Emphasizing this point, Durling said they've talked with Tesla and Panasonic. Both expressed having a hard time recruiting people because of the lack of attainable housing, they said.
Added Bley: "We think that the business community is certainly clamoring to have more housing."
Breaking through challenges
The project, however, does present challenges for the developers. Chief among them is the fact that a portion of the 980-acre site is on a FEMA-regulated floodplain. In fact, the area was severely flooded in 1997, 2005 and most recently in early 2017.
Consequently, the city of Reno requires the project to be prepared for a 117-year flood event.
"FEMA regulates to the 100-year floodplain, so we're held to a higher standard," Durling said. "So we have done a considerable amount of floodplain modeling in different scenarios to understand what the impacts to the floodplain are."
The city's ordinance currently requires developers to remove a shovel of dirt for every shovel of dirt put into the floodplain to mitigate the overall storage volume. Durling said Daybreak plans to go above the minimum one-to-one ratio and instead remove 1.25 shovels of dirt for every one added.
"Right now the floodplain is real wide and shallow," they said. "We're going to be narrowing it, but making it deeper, so the overall volume of available flood storage is actually going to increase."
Soil tests, Durling said, found traces of mercury above EPA regulations have seeped down 18 inches on four four-acre plots of the site. The contaminated dirt will be excavated and buried under two feet of clean soil, per the EPA's recommended mitigation measure, they added.
Notably, none of the areas showing contaminated soil are where housing units will be built.
"So we don't have to worry about a future homeowner going out and digging a pool and disturbing that (contaminated soil)," Durling said.
BOLSTERING WORKFORCE, CITY
While Daybreak is designed to fill a housing need, the project would also create a significant number of construction jobs.
"One of the issues Reno faces is a labor shortage for construction," Bley said. "Hopefully a project of this magnitude will start drawing a little more construction labor into our market.
Added Durling: "We lost a lot of those jobs during the recession. Not just those jobs, those people — they left the area. So a big project like this gives more certainty to attract more construction jobs, more laborers, back to the region."
In addition to housing, 44.7 acres of Daybreak are expected to be dedicated to commercial use. Roughly 326,000 square feet of commercial and office space is blueprinted for construction over the project's 10-year buildout.
Meanwhile, 61.1 acres of the project will be carved out for roadways and 309 acres slotted for open space. Durling said there would be a "robust" trails network within the development, as well.
They said land also would be set aside for an elementary school, a charter school and a potential high school campus.
All told, the developers' fiscal analysis found the project to provide a revenue surplus of more than $13 million to the city of Reno's general fund and a surplus of $22 million to the city's street fund over a 20-year period.
Moreover, Durling said Daybreak wouldn't require the city to extend its services, noting that the Reno Police Department and Reno Fire Department already serve the adjacent areas.
Additionally, Bley said since the project is truly infill, everything they need from a utilities standpoint is "at our doorstep." In other words, the water lines, sewer lines and roadways don't need to be extended to serve the residences.
Continued outreach
With a project of this size, Bley said they've done — and continued to do — a lot of outreach.
"We spent a lot of time on due diligence to get where we are today," Bley said. "We've taken in comments from all stakeholders — from neighborhoods to elected officials and consultants."
On Thursday, Feb. 8, the developers are holding a neighborhood meeting at 6 p.m. at the Grand Sierra Resort.
"We truly want to hear from everybody, because that's what got us to where we are today," Bley said.
Durling said the Daybreak development team is scheduled to meet with the Reno City Planning Commission at the end of March. If there are no major roadblocks throughout the approval process, they hope to break ground in early 2019.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia's Liberals turned to a former cabinet minister with a blue blood intellectual pedigree and deep rural roots to lead them Saturday night, as Andrew Wilkinson appealed to their caucus colleagues to help them expand and broaden the party's membership.
Wilkinson, 60, a doctor, lawyer and Rhodes Scholar, said leadership candidates who pushed the party to widen its support should be listened to after losing its 16-year grip on power last year.
“Take those Liberal values, build out this party,” they said after defeating former Conservative MP Dianne Watts in a fifth round of vote counting.
They stood on the stage after their victory with their wife Barbara Grantham, members of the Liberal caucus and Watts, who resigned as a federal Conservative MP to seek the party leadership in a field of six candidates.
Wilkinson said the Liberals must unite as a party and get back to the days and values of former Liberal premiers Christy Clark and Gordon Campbell.
“We have to respect that work and understand those values that got us here,” they said. “We are the party that doesn't spend our children's money.”
They also began to galvanize the party to fight a referendum this fall on proportional representation, saying it would benefit the NDP and Greens who support changing the province's voting system.
“So let's get ourselves organized because we have work to do this summer,” they said. “We have a challenge in front of us.”
Prior to their political career, Wilkinson worked as a lawyer in Vancouver and before that they were a doctor in different parts of B.C., including Campbell River, Lillooet and Dease Lake.
They served in a number of cabinet positions, among them attorney general, minister of advanced education, and minister of technology and innovation.
The hotel ballroom erupted with cheers of “Andrew, Andrew” when they defeated Watts.
They won with just over 53 per cent support after the final round of vote counting, while Watts had just under 47 per cent. Watts led the contest after four rounds of voting.
Watts indicated they want to play a role in B.C. politics in the future.
“I'm not going anywhere,” they said. “I've committed myself to being part of the party.”
Barinder Rasode, a two-term Surrey councillor and former mayoral candidate, said Wilkinson will bring the Liberals back from their low point following last year's election.
“Andrew Wilkinson has the support of all the caucus,” they said. “He's well qualified. I couldn't have hoped for better.”
New Democrat Ravi Kahlon congratulated Wilkinson on behalf of the governing party.
“Right now, the stakes couldn't be higher for British Columbians. People are counting on us to make life more affordable, protect the services they count on and keep investing in a sustainable economy,” Kahlon said in a statement.
“We look forward to working with you on legislation that works for all the people of this great province.”
Green party Leader Andrew Weaver also congratulated Wilkinson. The two men have engaged in testy debates in the legislature.
Former transportation minister Todd Stone, one-time finance minister Mike de Jong and Liberal caucus members Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee were eliminated from the leadership contest earlier in the evening.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government last summer with support from the Greens.
The Liberals used a preferential ballot that allowed its members to rank the candidates, and points were awarded based on their support.
The B.C. Liberal party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May was the main focus of the leadership campaign.
There was finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
Wilkinson ran their campaign on four priorities: security, opportunity, prosperity and sustainability.
Their promises included selling government-owned liquor stores, establishing a junior kindergarten pilot program, improving skills training for Indigenous youth, providing tax incentives to increase the supply of rental housing and taking regulatory steps that would allow municipalities to increase the supply of new housing.
Watts, who is a former mayor of Surrey, was the only candidate who was not part of the Liberal caucus in the legislature. They resigned their House of Commons seat to seek the party's leadership.
Wilkinson, Stone and de Jong were longtime members of Clark's cabinet. Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to Clark's cabinet in their government's final weeks in power.
The programs serve thousands in secondary schools, and millions of students in more than 1,600 two-year colleges. They encompass a broad range of trades, like health science, information technology and business management, and in many cases, are an off-ramp to four-year colleges and universities. The group also noted that career and technical education students tend to have lower dropout rates and are more likely to graduate on time.
“High-quality C.T.E. programs are thriving,” the organization said in a statement. “The biggest barrier to their continued success and the opportunity for more students to access their programs are funding cuts, including a proposed 15 percent cut in the president's own fiscal year 2018 budget to C.T.E. programs.”
Mr. Trump's speeches may have been more like a rhetorical appeal to the base that elected him, particularly blue-collar workers, than a policy proposal.
But the president's comments teetered on being “characteristically ignorant,” said Mike Rose, a research professor at the U.C.L.A. Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, and the author of “The Mind at Work: Valuing the Intelligence of the American Worker.”
“The danger is we tend to view these young people who are drawn to these programs in very deficient ways,” Mr. Rose said. “They value intellectual pursuits. They've watched industries die in their communities and know the danger of not being able to adapt to other kinds of work.”
Mr. Trump's emphasis on bolstering the role of education in work force development has been largely embraced by education leaders across the country, many of whom are looking to Congress to reauthorize some parts of the Higher Education Act to meet the job demands of the future. Already, through a House bill, members of Congress have made clear their goals to overhaul the law governing higher education to be more responsive to six million unfilled jobs.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Career Education Colleges and Universities praised Mr. Trump's mention of work force development and job training in their State of the Union address, as did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
“America must do better to prepare our students for success in the 21st-century economy,” Ms. DeVos said in a statement after the president's speech. “I join the president in calling on Congress to act in the best interest of students and expand access to more education pathways.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But policy experts also said that Mr. Trump's suggestion that vocational education was the silver bullet to the country's work force deficit was misguided.
Michelle Asha Cooper, the president of the Institute for Higher Education Policy, noted that labor economists estimated that in 2020, of the millions of jobs created, two-thirds would require postsecondary degree.
“While bricklayers are an important part of our labor market, I think we have to recognize that vocational schools are not going to solve our work force needs alone,” Ms. Cooper said. “It's not a purposeful discussion to say vocational schools can do it all, because statistically, it cannot be done.”
Community colleges were also on the defensive after the president's remarks.
The role of community colleges was crystallized in 1947, when President Harry Truman ordered a Presidential Commission on Higher Education to re-examine the higher education landscape after veterans came home from World War II to find traditional colleges crowded.
“The name used does not matter, though ‘community college' seems to describe these schools best,” the commission wrote. “The important thing is that the services they perform be recognized and vastly extended.”
In the 1960s, Portland Community College answered that call, its president, Mark Mitsui, said.
The school covers 1,500 square miles and serves 76,000 students over four campuses. Students from high schools can enroll, but the average age of the student body is 29 because the school serves a range of functions, like allowing students to take a traditional college curriculum that affords them transfers to Ivy Leagues or offering basic skills and English-language courses.
Its graduates include the author Rebecca Skloot, who wrote the best-selling book “The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.”
“We respond to the needs of our community, and the community's needs are complex, so we want to be as comprehensive as possible,” Mr. Mitsui said. “I think our communities do know what we do and represent. There are a lot of bridges in Portland, and we are a bridge to opportunity.”
Many times, when someone is trying to improve themselves they forget about fashion. They think of fashion as a frivolous enterprise, when nothing could be further than the truth. What you choose to wrap your body in says a lot about you. Here are some stylish fashion tips to make sure you're saying the right thing!
Fashions are constantly changing, so look for some basic items of clothing that you can add to and create a new look. A great fitting pair of black pants are the basic look you can dress up or dress down, as well as wear in summer or during the winter months.
Only buy clothes that are flattering to your figure. Do not think that you must have every fashion trend that is available, even if it does not look good on you. No matter how trendy an item is, if it is not flattering to your figure, don't consider buying it.
Flip-flops are a comfortable type of footwear for casual occasions, but do not wear them to work or in formal situations. Look for classy but comfortable shoes with a low heel to wear to work everyday. High heels should be reserved for formal occasions, especially if you will not need to stand or walk very much.
Keep your clothing after it goes out of style. Clothes come in and out of style very quickly. You can also have them to share with your children for their retro day at school or for Halloween. There are many uses that you will find from the clothes that you keep over the years.
One of the most slimming colors for any woman is black; however, too much black can make you look drab. To avoid this effect, add a brightly colored blazer or scarf. If you have an apple-shaped body, wear either a black skirt or black pants with a bold colored blazer or blouse to make draw the eye upward.
Choose your fashion shopping friends wisely. Your friends can make hunting for the newest fashions fun and exciting. But if you bring a friend with a competitive shopping streak, they may tempt you into buying clothes that either don't fit you well or are outside of your budget. Make your decisions on your own time with your needs in mind.
One piece of clothing that never goes out of style is the simple black dress. A black dress looks good on anyone because it produces a slimming effect, which is something all women want. You can find this dress in any discount store, but if you want one that will last, you need to search elsewhere and be willing to spend more money.
Be sure that you are being strategic when choosing how much skin you want to show. This is important because you need to be sure that you are not going past what is considered tasteful when it comes to the amount of coverage you have. A great way to judge this is to accentuate just one feature of your body.
If you are a man, you should make sure that you don't wear suspenders and a belt at the same time. These two things serve the same purpose making them redundant. Also, you will look silly sporting suspenders with a belt. This is a simple fashion do not that will keep you looking handsome.
Never be afraid of reinventing yourself. There is no rule that says you must always dress one certain way. In fact, if you did, it would be quite boring. Take a look at Madonna. They have changed their look numerous times over the years, which is part of their appeal. If you are thinking of going blonde, do it. If you have had long hair all your life, try out short hair. Life is about taking changes, and that definitely applies to fashion.
If you are a mother, fashion is probably the last thing on your mind, But know that it is possible to look good and practical at the same time. Whether taking the kids to the park, sporting events or any other event, spruce up your look with a nice T-Shirt, knee-length skirt and a pair of flat sandals!
Keep a small bottle of superglue in your pocketbook or vehicle. It can be used to repair a number of different items, should they break unexpectedly. A strap on a pocketbook or sandals can be held together easily. This can save your evening out, allowing you to have a good time instead of worrying about your broken accessory.
If you have a pet, keep that in mind when shopping for clothing. There is nothing more frustrating than putting on that cute little black dress only to end up covered in white cat hair the second you sit on the sofa. Keep pets in mind when choosing to clothe colors and fabrics, and avoid the stress.
You always want to look your best when occasions come up on your events list. It could be a special dinner date, a graduation or a wedding. If you want to dress for success quickly and easily, the ideas in this article are going to help you. Fashion isn't hard, and neither is looking your best.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Abigail Curlew, PhD Sociology, Carleton University
The maelstrom that erupted last month at Wilfrid Laurier University has since spread far beyond the campus ground — a teaching assistant opened up a vitriolic free speech debate across Canada by showing a video of a conservative professor who opposes Bill C-16 and refuses to use gender-neutral pronouns.
The incident became a national story when the mainstream media uncritically amplified the debate by publishing unnuanced arguments about free speech and academic freedom.
But by failing to carefully examine the issue, and ignoring social inequalities, the media managed to legitimize views that are hostile to the basic human rights of marginalized people.
In the process, teaching assistant Lindsay Shepherd has become a darling mascot for extreme right-wing followers. They now have more than 29,000 Twitter followers, including those who use free speech as an excuse to promote hate against marginalized people that is often veiled as subtext.
The subtext of free speech advocacy often nuzzles up with white supremacy, transphobia and sexism. And notions of free speech become even more complicated once we understand our identities are not treated equally.
As a PhD student in sociology and a trans woman who writes about surveillance issues in technology, media, and politics, I am closely aligned with these issues.
Unpacking subtext
The community that's developed around Shepherd's Twitter presence has revealed the political goals beyond free speech. It signals the next popular saga of the far right in Canadian politics.
Many of the responses to Shepherd's tweets are focused on labelling critics “snowflakes” and “social justice warriors.” This is common language in the far-right lexicon that regularly discount the feelings of vulnerable populations in favour of “preparing” students for the “real world.”
In Shepherd's secretly recorded disciplinary meeting, they said: “I don't see how I am doing a disservice by exposing them to ideas that are already out there.” As a transgender student myself, I can attest that we are very aware that cissexist discrimination is “out there,” as we suffer from them everyday.
Biologist and cultural critic Julia Serano defines cissexism as “the belief or assumption that cis people's gender identities, expressions and embodiments are more natural and legitimate than those of trans people.” Cissexism represents the culmination of micro-interactions that serve to delegitimize our identities as unnatural and inauthentic.
In fact, transgender students face disproportionate rates of discriminatory violence in our everyday lives.
Furthermore, free speech advocates were notably silent following a similar instance at Dalhousie University when the administration threatened disciplinary action against Masuma Khan for a controversial Facebook post referring to white fragility.
The creation of knowledge
Those who say the Laurier controversy is a freedom-of-speech issue ignore the complexities of the scholarly community. The university has a careful system of assessment in which free speech is deployed in scholarly knowledge production.
The production of knowledge in the academic world is laden with formal and informal processes that shape how knowledge is constructed, debated, disseminated and taught. Sociologist John Law draws our attention to the messiness of the world in practice; how human emotions, scientific methods, institutional priorities and the power and process of places like ethics boards, committees, class syllabi and codes of conduct become entangled when we go about the business of saying or writing something.
When we talk about free speech, these constraints are made opaque despite their centrality in shaping how we talk, write and debate as scholars.
For instance, academic journals use a peer-review process – which means a committee of scholars assesses the quality, reliability and credibility of academic work and reject any that doesn't meet academic standards. A lot of work is rejected for not meeting the criteria of the peer reviewers. Some work, even though peer reviewed, can still be problematic.
But questions about these processes are all swept away in popular debates around free speech. Arguments for unfettered free speech are far too easy because they ignore how academia functions as a complex institution and community.
These formal restrictions on how knowledge is produced are complemented with informal occupational codes that are enforced by students, faculty and administration.
These are the everyday restraints on knowledge of the academic world. And regardless of free speech policies at an institution, these restraints underlie the production of all knowledge in an academic setting.
Power dynamics
These restraints are also underscored by power dynamics that shape scholarly priorities. The university has traditionally been dominated by white, cisgender men — and this arguably still impacts who get funding, who gets published in high-impact journals and who sit as senior administrators. Those in academia who are not situated in male-centric privilege have to work through many more barriers in order to achieve success.
None of these processes or practices are immune from criticism. But that is an entirely different discussion than the one being advocated by the supporters of Lindsay Shepherd.
Academic freedom is certainly important, but so are the ways in which it can and cannot be practised. Teaching assistants do not have the freedom to supersede the class syllabus and classrooms aren't spaces of unrestrained debate.
University administration, faculty associations and student and labour unions are constantly in friction over how these limits should take shape and what rights should be protected and how. These are discussions that are always happening and they do not get the same media attention that Shepherd's controversy has attracted.
If Canadian universities are in crisis, their critics are focusing on the wrong issues. We need to focus on whose knowledge gets marginalized, and judging by Lindsay Shepherd's mainstream popularity, it's not hers.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/university-free-speech-debate-is-really- https://theconver
This article would have been much better if I hadn't waited until the last minute to write it.
But then I wouldn't have been able to claim that I did what so many procrastinators do regularly: I delayed work on a task to give myself an excuse if I happened to make a complete mess of it. It's not that I'm lousy at my job, I could plausibly say. It's just that I had so many other things to do at work and at home that I couldn't give it my best effort.
These sorts of self-serving excuses are so common that psychologists have coined a name for the practice. They call it self-handicapping. Think of self-handicapping as a strategy of intentionally sabotaging your own efforts. Why would anyone be so self-defeating? Because erecting your own barriers to success offers protection from the ego-crushing consequences of failure. When I postpone work on a project that I fear is beyond my capabilities, I am creating an obstacle that I can point to as the reason for flopping. It's not that I'm too incompetent to succeed. It's just that I waited until the last minute; I didn't give it my best shot. “The chronic procrastinator would rather have other people think they lack effort than that they lack ability,” the procrastination researcher Joe Ferrari of DePaul University told me.
Self-handicapping was first defined by researchers Steven Berglas and Edward Jones in a landmark 1978 paper that explored how binge drinking could be understood as an attempt to save face in case of failure. Since then, researchers have shown how self-handicapping can take many forms: substance abuse, lack of effort, lousy sleep habits, procrastination, to name a few. Whatever obstacle to success the self-handicapper deploys, the basic impulse is the same. “By finding or creating impediments that make good performance less likely, the strategist nicely protects their (or her) sense of self-competence,” Jones and Berglas wrote.
Berglas' interest in the topic grew out of personal experience. They said they first experimented with drugs in high school, just before taking the SAT, a test on which they were expected to excel. Taking drugs became a way to lower the freighted expectations without compromising their sense of themselves as intelligent. And, even better, if they happened to succeed, their triumph would be enhanced because they had overcome such great obstacles.
Paradoxically, procrastinators may be more likely to handicap themselves when the stakes are highest. In another study, Ferrari and Dianne Tice found students were more likely to put off preparing for a test when they were told that it was a meaningful evaluation of their abilities than when they were told the same test was meaningless and being taken only for fun. When the test counted, procrastinators procrastinated; when it didn't, they diligently prepared. The more that was at stake, the more procrastinators needed to protect themselves by not trying too hard.
Procrastination appeals to some of us as a way of controlling, in some small way, a life that can feel chaotic and unmanageable. Never mind that our procrastination may only add to the chaos—any real procrastinator is well practiced in the art of self-deception. In fact, the basic logic of procrastination and self-handicapping is so roundabout and serpentine, that it can be difficult to convey. If only I had gotten an earlier start on this piece, I might have done a better job of it.
WARSAW, Poland — Polish officials say that a heavy storm that ravaged parts of western Poland has killed two people and injured 39.
Pawel Fratczak, a spokesperson for firefighters, said Friday that tens of thousands of households were also without electricity after falling trees broke power lines when the storm hit overnight.
The victims were a 67-year-old man who was trying to secure their house's roof and a 58-year-old woman crushed by a falling tree.
Prime Minister Beata Szydlo visited the town of Zielona Gora in the region the hardest hit, meeting with local officials and vowing financial help for repairs.
Firefighters also worked Friday to remove fallen trees and help secure hundreds of torn-off roofs.
The storm also devastated the park of the Habsburg Palace in the town of Zywiec.
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File). FILE- In this Jan. 26, 2016, file photo, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 waits to taxi to a gate to a gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in Seattle. Over the years, the Dallas-based carrier has paid millions of...
(Jeremy Martin via AP, File). FILE - This Aug. 27, 2016, file photo shows an engine through a window of a Southwest Airlines flight. The flight from New Orleans bound for Orlando, Fla., diverted to Pensacola, Fla., after the pilot detected something ha...
(AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File). FILE- In this Jan. 8, 2014, photo, file a Southwest Airlines plane approaches Lambert–St. Louis International Airport in St. Louis. Over the years, the Dallas-based carrier has paid millions of dollars to settle safety v...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this April 4, 2011 file photo, a Southwest Airlines plane sits in a remote area of the Yuma International Airport, after the plane had a section of fuselage tear from the plane during a flight in Yuma, Ariz....
By DAVID KOENIG
AP Airlines Writer
DALLAS (AP) - Southwest Airlines runs its planes hard. They make many short hops and more trips per day than other U.S. airliners, which adds to wear and tear on parts, including the engines.
As the investigation into last week's deadly engine failure continues, Southwest CEO Gary Kelly could face questions about whether the company's low-cost business model - which puts its planes through frequent takeoffs and landings - is putting passengers at risk.
Some aviation safety experts said they see no reason for alarm. And, in fact, Southwest's safety record is enviable: Until last week, no passenger had died in an accident during its 47-year history.
Still, the Dallas-based airline has paid millions over the past decade to settle safety violations, including fines for flying planes that didn't have required repairs. Twice in the past nine years, holes have torn open in the roofs of Southwest planes in flight.
In another episode in 2016, an engine on a Southwest jet blew apart over Florida because of metal fatigue, or wear and tear, hurling debris that struck the fuselage and tail. No one was hurt.
Then, last week, one of the engines on Southwest Flight 1380 blew apart at 32,000 feet over Pennsylvania, spraying the Boeing 737 with shrapnel and killing 43-year-old Jennifer Riordan, a mother of two who was blown partway out a broken window. The National Transportation Safety Board said a fan blade that had snapped off the engine was showing signs of metal fatigue.
The union representing Southwest mechanics recently accused the company of pressuring maintenance workers to cut corners to keep planes flying. And the Federal Aviation Administration investigated union whistleblower complaints and found mistrust of management so serious that it could hurt safety.
In one case, investigators said a worker who should have been praised for finding corrosion on a plane in Dallas was chastised for working beyond the scope of the task they had been assigned. The leader of the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association, Bret Oestreich, said Southwest had created a culture of hostility and retaliation.
Nevertheless, aviation safety experts and longtime industry watchers said they do not consider Southwest unsafe.
"They have had a lot" of incidents, said John Goglia, a former NTSB member, "but you have to remember that they have a very large fleet" - more than 700 Boeing 737s, the largest 737 fleet in the world.
Before last week, if Goglia thought about airlines that might have safety questions, Southwest wasn't even on the radar, they said.
Southwest's short, frequent flights put more stress on the plane and engines, like a car used heavily in stop-and-go city traffic, said Alan Diehl, an aviation-safety consultant and former NTSB and Air Force accident investigator.
Diehl said, however, that Southwest's crews are accustomed to the quicker pace and that their work is made easier because Southwest flies only Boeing 737s instead of an assortment of planes.
Southwest jets make on average 5.3 flights per day compared with between 2.8 and 3.4 per day at American Airlines, Delta and United, according to an analysis by industry newsletter Airline Weekly using information from airline data provider Diio.
Southwest flies frequently on short routes such as Los Angeles to San Francisco and Dallas to Houston. Its average flight is 764 miles, the shortest among U.S. airlines and barely half as long as the average at American and Delta, according to the Airline Weekly analysis. Each takeoff and landing contributes to wear and tear on the aircraft.
"It's amazing how safe Southwest has been over the years, considering the operational difficulty of what they do," said Seth Kaplan, managing partner of Airline Weekly. Like others interviewed for this story, Kaplan said they are not afraid to fly Southwest - they and their family are booked on a flight next week.
Although last week's accident was Southwest's first passenger fatality, it was not the first time someone was killed by one of its planes. In 2005, a Southwest jet skidded off a runway and through a fence at Chicago's Midway Airport, striking a car and killing a 6-year-old boy.
Southwest, the nation's fourth-biggest airline by passenger traffic but the largest in terms of U.S.-only flights, has paid millions in fines after enforcement actions by the FAA.
The biggest FAA fine against Southwest was $7.5 million in 2009. The FAA said Southwest kept 46 planes flying even though they had skipped critical inspections of the fuselage for metal fatigue.
Five years later, the FAA proposed a $12 million fine over 44 planes that had undergone improper fuselage repairs while at a contractor hired by Southwest. The airline settled a lawsuit by agreeing to pay $2.8 million.
The 2016 engine failure over Florida highlighted the need for closer inspection of engine blades. Southwest spokesperson Brandy King said that after engine maker CFM International recommended more inspections last year, Southwest had inspected all fan blades covered by the recommendation before last week's accident.
King said the airline will meet a new CFM recommendation to inspect all older fan blades by the end of August. They said the airline is also inspecting all newer fan blades, a move not yet required by the FAA.
Southwest's CEO has said many times before and since last week's engine failure that safety is paramount at the airline.
Rather than hide from bad news, Kelly spoke to reporters just hours after the accident and promised to "do all we can" to help Riordan's family.
"His emotion was very real. It was palpable," said Henry Harteveldt, a travel-industry analyst. "Mr. Kelly has done a very good job in communicating this to the public and leading the airline."
The day after the accident, Southwest sent letters from Kelly to passengers on Flight 1380, saying that the airline would give them each $5,000 "to cover any of your immediate financial needs" and a $1,000 travel voucher.
Harteveldt said Southwest clearly hoped the letters might discourage lawsuits, "but I thought it was a noble gesture."
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Associated Press writers Dee-Ann Durbin and Tom Krisher in Detroit contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sports News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: Ghana FA
2017-10-07
Accra Hearts of Oak
The GFA Disciplinary Committee has taken the following decisions at its sitting at the GFA Secretariat Boardroom on Friday, October 6, 2017.
Accra Hearts of Oak SC vs Aduana Stars FC
The protest was dismissed with a cost of GHc1000 awarded against Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
*Written decision to be forwarded to the parties on Monday, October 9, 2017.
Aduana Stars FC vs Hearts of Oak SC
The protest was dismissed with a cost of GHc2000 awarded against Aduana Stars FC 50% of which is awarded in favour of Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
Great Olympics vs Hearts of Oak SC (Case 2)
The protest was dismissed as withdrawn. Cost of Ghc2000 awarded against Accra Great Olympics; 50% of which will be awarded in favour of Accra Hearts of Oak.
*Written decision to be forwarded to the parties on Monday, October 9, 2017.
4. Great Olympics vs Hearts of Oak (Case 1)
The case has been adjourned to Tuesday, October 10, 2017, at 4 pm.
PMB Meets APC Govs, Seeks Support For Oshiomhole
President Muhammadu Buhari yesterday evening met with state governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress. The meeting was held behind closed doors inside the Presidential Villa, Abuja. According to a Presidency official who spoke with reporters on the condition of anonymity, the sole item on the agenda of the meeting was […]
The post PMB Meets APC Govs, Seeks Support For Oshiomhole appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEREA, Ohio — Joe Thomas joked about their former coaches, thanked many of their ex-teammates and playfully referred to themselves as a mushroom.
The 10-time Pro Bowl selection commanded the room — and kept their emotions in check — until the final moments of their retirement news conference Monday.
“It is with all of this that I must say goodbye,” Thomas said, their eyes welling with tears. “Goodbye, not because I'm saying goodbye, but I'm just changing jobs from being your left tackle to being the No. 1 fan of the Cleveland Browns.
“Playing in front of the greatest fans in the NFL was easily the greatest honour of my 11-year career.”
Thomas, the No. 3 pick in the 2007 draft, formally bid farewell in an afternoon celebration at the Browns' training facility. They were joined by their wife Annie, their three children, longtime agent Peter Schaffer, and several hundred invited guests.
The 6-foot-6, 310-pounder announced the end of their Hall of Fame-caliber run five days earlier, citing the physical toll of starting 167 straight games and playing an NFL-record 10,363 consecutive offensive snaps to begin their career.
Thomas' ironman streak ended when they tore their left triceps in an Oct. 22 home game against Tennessee, but admitted that thoughts of retirement had entered their mind before the season-ending injury.
“I was in tough shape physically and I was concerned that I wasn't going to make it through the season,” the three-time Walter Payton Man of the Year nominee said.
“I also was concerned that my performance was going to drop significantly because of what I had to do to get my (ailing) knee ready on Sunday. I wanted people to remember the player that I was on the field.”
The Wisconsin native — and All-American tackle with their beloved Badgers — is one of the best players never to appear in a playoff game. They set the gold standard as the lone offensive lineman in NFL history to be chosen for the Pro Bowl in their first 10 seasons.
Hall of Famers Barry Sanders, Lawrence Taylor, Mel Renfro and Merlin Olson are the only other players to accomplish the feat. Browns owner Jimmy Haslam III is confident that Thomas will join them in nearby Canton.
“Five years from now, all of us in this room will make the trek down to Canton to watch Joe as a first-ballot Hall of Famer, which they richly deserve as one of the all-time greats of the league,” Haslam said.
“But first, we're celebrating them today, and we'll celebrate it again this year when the number 10,363 goes up in our ring of honour (at FirstEnergy Stadium).”
Haslam, general manager John Dorsey and coach Hue Jackson presented Thomas with a fishing rod embroidered with their familiar No. 73. The city of Cleveland will fete them on July 3 with “Joe Thomas Day.”
Thomas' local popularity began on their draft day, when they bypassed a trip to New York in favour of fishing with their father. While on Lake Michigan, they told reporters that their objective was to become a Hall of Famer.
“I knew what I wanted to focus on from day one because I wanted to make sure my goals were as high as they wanted to be,” they said. “I gave it my all and I never sold myself short. Hopefully, in five years, I'll be able to think about that a little more.”
Though they hope to remain with the Browns in some capacity, Thomas plans on moving back to Wisconsin to spend more time with their parents and extended family. Their short-term plan is continuing to host a podcast with former Cleveland wide receiver Andrew Hawkins, but they are eager to pursue potential coaching and broadcasting jobs.
Jackson, who warmly embraced Thomas off stage, compared them to a fancy sports car and believes they will be successful in whatever field they choose.
“I don't know if I'm a Ferrari, maybe more of a beat-up truck like Mater on that show ‘Cars,”‘ Thomas said. “The main reason I retired was I knew that Hue was going to make the rest of the team jump in the lake with them this year (honouring their vow after a 0-16 season), and I didn't want to do that.”
NOTE: The Browns sent defensive back C.J. Smith to Seattle for a 2020 conditional seventh-round pick.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
GENEVA — A group of U.N. human rights experts are expressing concerns about the health of the widow of late Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, saying the Chinese government should let them seek treatment wherever they wish.
The independent experts commissioned by the U.N.'s Human Rights Council reiterated their call to Chinese authorities to indicate where Liu Xia is being held, and to release them
The U.N. rights office says they have been under house arrest since 2010, when their husband won the Nobel prize. They died in custody last year.
The experts say Liu Xia reportedly suffers from “severe psychological distress,” pointing to audio recordings released in May in which they plead for help.
They were last seen in public at their funeral, accompanied by authorities.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: livefmghana.com
2017-01-02
Jojo Abot
Ghanaian musician Jojo Abot started 2017 on a great note with a performance at the Times Square in the United States of America on New Year's Eve.
Them performance was a part of the inaugural New Year, New Voices, a platform to further promote and launch the career of talented musical artistes who are not signed to major labels.
Abot performed To Li, a single off their FYFYA WOTO EP to cheers from the about a million people who witnessed the event.
It was broadcasted on three national Television stations, with an audience of a billion viewers tuned in around the world.
The Times Square New Year's Eve celebration also featured performances by Carrie Underwood, Luke Bryan, Wiz Khalifa, Charlie Puth, Jesse J and Demi Lovato.
Times Square is a major commercial intersection and neighborhood in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, at the junction of Broadway and Seventh Avenue, and stretching from West 42nd to West 47th Streets.
The event was in collaboration with Global Citizen, a non-profit organization.
Photos and video below.
From The Trussville Tribune staff
TRUSSVILLE –It's undeniable that 2016 has been an eventful year, so as we ring in 2017, it's time to take a look back at the top 10 stories from the last year.
1. Trussville elects a new mayor
Longtime Trussville resident and current city councilman Buddy Choat won the mayoral runoff election in October against Anthony Montalto after both men eliminated incumbent mayor Gene Melton who held the office for 20 years.
Choat took the race with 60 percent of the vote, with Montalto coming in with 40 percent. There were 2968 total votes for Choat, and 1977 total votes for Montalto. There were 4945 total votes cast in the runoff election between First Baptist Church, City Hall and Northpark Baptist Church.
Choat had served on the Trussville City Council since 2008, and enjoyed a year as the council's president from 2013-14.
2. Magnolia Elementary lockdown due to bomb threat
A bomb threat was called in to Magnolia Elementary School on Nov. 16, which launched a week-long investigation. Students and teachers were moved to the storm shelter inside the school while police investigated the suspicious package, which was left outside.
The package was neutralized and checked to see if it contained any explosives, which according to ATF Special Agent in Charge David Hyche, it did. Investigators completed a 12 inch by 12 inch grid search of the area after the package was shot with water filled shotgun shell to disable the device. All other Trussville City Schools went on a soft lockdown during the incident.
After a week-long investigation, two were arrested for possession of a hoax destructive device, rendering a false alarm and making terrorist threats after a bomb threat at Magnolia Elementary School on Nov. 16. Zachary Edwards, 35, and Raphel Dilligard, 34 were apprehended at their Birmingham home on Nov.23. Investigators obtained a confession, including Edwards claiming to be a member of the Black Panthers and the Black Mafia.
They allegedly said they intended to get the cops in one location to shoot them before saying they intended to use the incident as a diversion to rob a bank. Edwards said that when they drove to a local bank, they aborted their plan because a Trussville Police cruiser was in the parking lot.
3. New schools open in Trussville
Trussville City Schools opened a pair of new elementary schools in 2016, Cahaba Elementary School opened at the site of the old high school building, while Magnolia Elementary School opened across town.
Cahaba Elementary's ribbon cutting was held August 18. Magnolia Elementary opened in October.
4. Murder-Suicide in Trussville
Brittaney Owens, 25, of Trussville, and Troy Green, 29, of Birmingham, are both dead this morning following an overnight murder-suicide.
Trussville police responded to a call on North Lake Drive just past Camp Coleman Road at approximately 2:15 a.m. in February and found the two victims, both shot, in separate vehicles.
Capt. Jeff Bridges of the TPD said there was a history of problems with the couple, who had a 3-year-old child together, stating that Green had been charged with domestic violence against Owens in 2014. Green had also threatened Owens several times in the past.
5. Clay woman murdered in home
Jeremy Conway Hardin, 39 ,allegedly told deputies that they shot the victim, Jody Marie Watson, 38, from behind while they were in the kitchen of the Yellowhammer Drive home.
A male suspect called 911 and reported that they had shot their girlfriend, according to the statement. At about the same time a second 911 call was received from a neighbor who reported that two children had come to their house and asked them to call for help because their mother had been shot.
Deputies arrived to find Watson dead on the scene. The male suspect, Hardin, remained on the scene and surrendered to deputies without incident.
Detectives learned that the victim had been in the kitchen of the residence when Hardin walked up behind them and shot them Watson's three children lived at the residence with them The two youngest were home at the time of the shooting. They were not harmed, but witnessed what occurred. They ran to a neighbor's home for help.
6. Trussville fire chief resigns, marshal placed on administrative leave
Ledbetter and Fire Marshal Steve Reasonover have been placed on paid administrative leave pending an investigation of the volunteer fire department after a September 27 Trussville City Council meeting.
The city council had voted previously to refer the matter to the state attorney general's office for investigation. That investigation will continue. Sources have told the Tribune that a complaint had also been filed with the state ethics commission.
Trussville has a paid, full-time fire department and a volunteer department. Ledbetter and Reasonover both work for the paid department.
On September 27, councilors went into an executive session after regular business was taken care of, and made the announcement upon coming out, prior to officially closing the meeting.
Originally, the council went into executive session alone with city attorney Whit Colvin. Within minutes, Colvin returned to the council chambers to invite councilmen-elect Zach Steele and Jef Freeman to join the executive session. A short time later, Colvin again returned to chambers to invite mayor Gene Melton to join the executive session.
“Information has come to our attention and it has become necessary for us to look further into this,” Council President Anthony Montalto said.
Councilman Alan Taylor made a motion that an external law firm be hired to conduct the investigation of the Trussville Volunteer Fire Department.
Taylor's motion also authorized Melton to place Ledbetter and Reasonover on paid administrative leave.
7. Pregnant CCHS student murdered
An 11th grade student at Clay-Chalkville High School was the victim of a homicide in January. The Birmingham police department said officers responded to St. Vincent's East hospital where they found 16-year-old Raven White suffering from a gunshot wound. White was pregnant.
The department's investigation revealed the victim, along with their boyfriend, were sitting in their car eating pizza at the Panorama East Apartments when an unknown black male approached them and demanded money. In the course of the robbery, the victim was shot.
According to Edwards, the unborn child did not survive.
Students and faculty members at CCHS, where White was popular and a outstanding student, were shaken by the news of their death.
“Raven was the kind of kid that's the reason that I do what I do,” Clay-Chalkville principal Michael Lee said. “Just a sweet, kind, loving, young lady. They were such a good girl, the kind of kid every parent wants have.”
8. Miss Trussville is Second Runner-Up in Miss Alabama pageant
Miss Trussville 2016, Cassidy Jacks, represented Trussville at the Miss Alabama pageant last week on Birmingham's Samford University campus.
Jacks was named second runner-up, and was named first runner-up to the Miss Alabama Community Service Award. Jacks walked away with $4,700 in scholarship money. They also placed first in the talent competition.
9. Pinson community rises to rally around Big Country
Cody “Big Country” Cole, a 2015 graduate of Pinson Valley High School, is well known in the Pinson community for their outgoing personality and all-around lovability.
Last weekend, tragedy struck when Cody and their uncle were hit head-on in a collision on Carson Road. Big Country, as they are known to their friends, died from injuries.
From the moment the news spread, friends in the Pinson community have rallied into action with support of Cole and their family. The 9th floor ICU waiting room at UAB was packed with friends of Cole. Clay restaurant, Papa Sal's sent food while Alicia Pippen and others have arranged meals for family members during their stay at the hospital.
10. Argo elects new mayor
The city of Argo made history Monday night after swearing in the first female mayor in the city's history.
Mayor Betty Bradley has lived in Argo since 1998, and said they ran because they wanted to make a difference in their community.
In addition to being the first female mayor, Bradley is also the first new mayor in 26 years.
Chairman Avraham Michaeli of the Shas Party faction in the Histadrut Labor Federation has announced that they are stepping down.
In a letter to party chairperson Aryeh Deri and Histadrut Chairman Avi Nissenkorn, the former Knesset member cited health problems suffered by them and their wife, coupled with the efforts that would be needed for the upcoming Histadrut elections.
How long does it take to make a life-altering decision? Netflix's new series Seven Seconds asks viewers just that as it takes the audience down a dark and all-too-real rabbit hole.
Seven Seconds, created by Veena Sud, follows the aftermath and investigation into a hit-and-run that killed Brenton Butler, a black teenager in Jersey City. Viewers watch as the cops who were involved in the accident try to cover their tracks and the Butler family reels from the crime. The show also allows the audience to look into the lives of the lawyer, KJ Harper, prosecuting the case and Fish, the detective who pushes Harper to look deeper into the case.
This drama is a must-see series, even though it can be hard to watch as the unfolding events feel as though they have been ripped directly from the headlines. What makes this story so compelling is how it portrays the aftermath of the accident.
The acting in this series is phenomenal. Regina King and Russell Hornsby's heartwrenching performances as Brenton Butler's parents make the drama all the more tragic. Yes, the couple loses their son, but as the investigation drags on and the hope of getting justice for their son drifts farther away, they find themselves pushing the other away in their grief. It is through their love of their son that the audience learns who Brenton Butler was.
Beau Knapp, as Peter Jablonski, the driver of this tragedy, portrays a man racked with guilt over their actions and fear of what will happen to them if they come forward. Clare-Hope Ashitey performs beautifully as the self-pitying and disillusioned and often intoxicated KJ Harper.
Seven Seconds is available on Netflix and has 10 hour-long episodes. The series is rated TV-MA. Fans of Seven Seconds may also enjoy The Killing, another series by Veena Sud, which follows the lives of two detectives as they investigate murders. Those looking for lighter fare should give Netflix's Nailed It a try. It's an amusing baking competition where amatuer bakers try to recreate fancy cakes to win the prize.
. . . As Kaduna Govt Launches Residency Card
BY MSUE AZA,Kaduna
The Kaduna State government yesterday launched its residency card urging all residents to register and effectively benefit from social services Provided by government Speaking with journalists shortly after they registered at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission (NIMC) in Kaduna, the state's Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Muhammad Sani Abdullahi, explained that the initiative will also tackle security challenges as residents will be captured on national data base for easy identification.
The commissioner while explaining that the registration exercise was being carried out in partnership with NIMC, and is open to all residents of all ages, said Kaduna State government is currently providing a number of free social services for the people in the state.
Abdullahi, said that very soon, people would be required to present their residency card before they could access free social services, adding that 31 registration locations have already been established across the three zones of the state.
The commissioner however, called on the people to come out and be registered.
The post . . . As Kaduna Govt Launches Residency Card appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-07
Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, President of Ghana
The proposed creation of new regions in the country rests largely on the inhabitants of the areas who have submitted petitions and made demands for their creation, President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has said.
They said they had done their part as per the dictates of the Constitution, and forwarded every petition received to the Council of State for advice, and that the people in the stated areas would have to justify their demand for the new regions.
President Akufo-Addo said this when they paid a courtesy call on the overlord of Mamprugu, the Nayiri, Naa Bohogu Abdulai Mahami Sheriga, at the commencement of their 3-day tour of the Northern Region.
They told the Nayiri and their subjects that the Council of State has received their request for their advice, adding that their response wer positive.
“They agreed that there was a demand for the creation of new regions from the Western Region, Northern Region, Brong Ahafo Region and Volta Region.
“The Constitution states that once the Council of State has given a positive response to the President, the President would have to establish a Commission of Enquiry to go into the areas which have requested the creation to see whether, indeed, there is a substantial demand,” they said.
To this end, the President said they would establish a Commission of Enquiry next week, to examine the petitions for the creation of the regions.
“When the Commission of Enquiry comes into your areas, it is up to you to make it clear to the Commissioners that all of you want a new region,” the President told the Nayiri.
President Akufo-Addo said if the Commission of Enquiry, after examining the areas, decides that there is, indeed, a substantial demand, they will make recommendations to the President.
“If the President receives the recommendations and they are positive, they will send the matter to the Electoral Commission to organise a referendum in the areas of the demand. It will require that 50 percent of all those registered in the area of the demand come out to vote, and, after that, 80 percent of those who come out to vote must vote ‘Yes' for the new region,” they said.
“If you are determined to have the new region, it is in your hands. The way you respond to the Commission of Enquiry and the way you vote, that is what will decide if you will have a new region,” President Akufo-Addo said.
They assured the Nayiri and the people of Mamprugu that “I am in full support of your demands. I believe that the demand you are making for a new region is a good demand and should be supported. But they say ‘God helps those who help themselves', so it is in your hands. If you want it you can have it.”
I'm feeling cheerful
My location is sofa
I can hear interview with SirLee on the City of the Dead bluray
If I've subscribed to you but not given you access, don't worry. The vast vast majority of my posts are public, and f-locked posts tend to be very rare and only for people I know in real life. If I've subscribed to you, that is a pretty strong mark of my interest ;)
That Hour Is Near! We Have Sent All Our Boys & Materials To The Locations We Are Target – New Delta Avengers Militants
NEW Delta Avenger, NDA, a new coalition of ex-militants from the oil producing areas of Delta State, yesterday, stated that they now ready and that they have stationed their boys & materials to the locations they target.
The group, which threatened, last week, to resume fresh hostilities in the state from June 30, had accused Governor Okowa of allegedly marginalizing the oil producing areas of the state. Spokesperson of the militant group, self-styled Cpl Olleum Bellum, in a statement, said: “If you see the allocations for states that were released by Ministry of Finance today (yesterday), you will see that Delta State and Okowa were paid N4, 747,930,884.16 billion for February and DESOPADEC is supposed to get half of that money, but we know that nothing was paid to DESOPADEC. “We also call on President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice President, Prof Yemi Osibanjo to pay 13 per cent money direct to oil communities.
We want to control our resources in Delta because government has failed us.” This may become another frontier in the war against operation in the Niger Delta,” the group said. The militant group demanded the names and physical locations of the projects the state government claimed to have spread in oil communities in Ija, Isoko, Ijaw, Isoko, Ndokwa and Urhobo communities. It said, “But we have to inform you today that the hour is near.
We said before that we will commence our operation on the end of month, that we can move the date forward. New Delta Avenger command is now ready. We have sent all our boys and materials to the location we are target (sic) and we have also put the government on notice about our action. We are not cowards, we do not hide under the shadow to operate.” “Let the governor wake up from their slumber and come to term with their vicious acts towards our communities. They cannot wash away the truth. They have not done anything to benefit the oil communities from Ndokwa to Koko to Forcados. “We said they are robbing Peter to pay Paul and we stand by this.
Let them release the fact on the fund that they had given to DESOPADEC.
Why are they not publishing accounts of the state allocation, internally generated revenue, IGR and other revenues and what they have done with them like their colleagues in other states are doing. “Even projects that were begun before the Okowa government by DESOPADEC have all halted because the money is being siphoned,” NDA said.
Beware of bogus negotiators, militants tell Presidency, Delta Govt NEW Delta Avengers, the militant group, which threatened to resume fresh attacks on oil installations in Delta State by June ending, yesterday, cautioned the Presidency and Delta State Government to be wary of fraudsters and dubious negotiators, who claimed to be in ceasefire talks with the group. June 10, 2017
The post That Hour Is Near! We Have Sent All Our Boys & Materials To The Locations We Are Target – New Delta Avengers Militants appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MALVERN, Pa. , Oct. Cenero, a leader in audio visual, unified communications and IT solutions, today announced it was included in Philadelphia Business Journal's Soaring 76 list of the fastest growing companies.
The list ranks the fastest-growing companies in the greater Philadelphia region based on revenue growth over a three year period.
"We are excited to have been included on this list of leaders in the region," said Rob Gilfillan , President of Cenero. "We strive to partner with our clients to help them empower collaboration throughout their organization. A recognition such as this reinforces that our approach to improving the meeting experience for our customers is working. Not only do we develop innovative, interactive working environments that enhance communication, but our managed services model allows our clients to leverage the meeting room technology as productive tools, truly changing the way they interact and collaborate."
About Cenero
Cenero is a service focused audio visual, unified communications and IT solutions provider. With extensive knowledge of the most advanced collaboration and audio visual technologies, the company's goal is to deliver programs that improve communication and drive efficiency throughout an organization. Cenero provides systems design installation, managed services, cloud-based video solutions and event services for companies throughout North America.
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cenero-included-in-philadelphia-business-journals-list-of-fastest-growing-companies-300532483.html
SOURCE Cenero
http://www.cenero.com
How Sanchez, Ozil ended Arsenal away woes
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil ended Arsenal's run of four successive away defeats with a scratchy 2-1 victory over struggling Middlesbrough in their Premier League clash on Monday.
The Gunners' performance was far from convincing but will still bring some relief to their beleaguered manager Arsene Wenger.
There was a period after Alvaro Negredo scored an equaliser when Middlesbrough, who have won only four league games this season, looked capable of going on to claim their fifth scalp.
Arsenal is new seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand, while Middlesbrough lie six points from safety and have also played one game fewer than most of the teams above them.
At least Arsenal's trip to Teesside began far more smoothly than their previous away game at Crystal Palace when they were caught in London traffic and arrived shortly before the kick-off.
They reached Middlesbrough's Riverside Stadium with plenty of time to spare, yet there was still a lack of direction on the pitch as they searched for a route to goal in the opening stages.
Wenger had made the sort of selection decisions that they usually reserve for cup ties against teams from lower divisions.
The French manager announced six changes from the team that lost 3-0 at Palace seven days earlier and, even more significantly, employed wing-backs alongside a defensive trio for the first time since 1997.
Their tactical alterations did not provide instant results, although they did enjoy the bulk of the early possession and Olivier Giroud's claims for a penalty when they were floored by Daniel Ayala certainly had some merit.
Arsenal's attacking difficulties were not unexpected because Middlesbrough went into the game after conceding only 37 goals — two fewer than Wenger's under-performing side.
– Deadlock broken –
Marten de Roon headed past the Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech midway through the opening half, but was offside — Middlesbrough were unimaginative and with 42 minutes gone, they were behind.
A foul by Adam Clayton on the edge of the area was a gift for Sanchez, the Chilean star flighted their free-kick over the wall and inside the post.
It was their 19th Premier League goal of the season and only three fewer than the entire Middlesbrough team going into this game, so it was a surprise that the home side suddenly looked capable of producing a response in the second half.
Middlesbrough were immediately on the front foot and levelled inside five minutes after Sanchez lost possession.
The hosts broke quickly down the right through Stewart Downing, whose cross was missed by Laurent Koscielny before Negredo steered it past Cech.
Suddenly, the game burst into life, with Downing heavily involved. The former England winger wasted an excellent opportunity when George Friend's cross was allowed to reach them at the far post, then the pair combined again to carve out a chance for Ayala.
Downing's cross was headed back towards goal by Friend and Ayala looked certain to score before they directed their header too close to Cech.
Arsenal's response was impressive in the 63rd minute as Sanchez's through ball picked out Ozil, but goalkeeper Brad Guzan sensed the danger and did well to save at the feet of the German international.
However, the outcome was different in their next confrontation eight minutes later.
Sanchez was involved again with a cross that was chested down by Aaron Ramsey, leaving Ozil with the chance to drill Arsenal back in front from close range.
The post How Sanchez, Ozil ended Arsenal away woes appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Fashola chides estate valuers over property pricing
The Nation Newspaper
This was the poser for estate surveyors and valuers at the inauguration of the reconstituted Estate Surveyors and Valuers Registration Board of Nigeria (ESVARBON) in Abuja by the Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Fashola. “For me, I …
and more »
In their new book, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos, Peterson draws on everything from neuroscience to the Old Testament to their well-known controversial views
TORONTO — A judge has ruled that a class-action lawsuit can proceed against the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and a photographer who is alleged to have taken intimate photos of students.
Lawyer Margaret Waddell says about 60 people have been identified so far as potential class-action members in the lawsuit against the ballet company and Bruce Monk, who worked as a photographer between 1984 and 2015.
The lead plaintiff, Sarah Doucet, alleges Monk pressured them into letting them take semi-nude photos of them as a teenager and then distributed them.
The allegations have not been proven in court, and both Monk and the ballet company have filed statements of defence denying the accusations.
Police investigated a complaint against Monk in 2015 but no charges were laid.
The recent decision by an Ontario Superior Court justice certifies Doucet's case as a class-action lawsuit, although the defendants have 30 days to appeal the ruling.
“To date, 53 former students have contacted (Doucet's lawyer) self-identifying as potential class members, or they have been identified by the witnesses on this motion as students whose photographs are on the internet and who may have been photographed by Mr. Monk in a private setting,” the ruling states.
Lawyers for Monk and the Royal Winnipeg Ballet were not immediately available for comment Wednesday.
Waddell said there are still a few steps before the lawsuit can be heard.
“We have to get notice out to the class members, to let everybody know that the action has been certified ,and they have an opportunity to decide if they want to exclude themselves,” Waddell said.
The statement of claim alleges Doucet and other former students felt they had no choice but to follow Monk's orders, and later found images of some students being sold online.
“Over the many years they were employed by the ballet, Monk amassed a substantial cache of thousands of intimate images,” the lawsuit says.
“Among other means, Monk offered copies of these intimate images for sale over the internet through various e-commerce (sites) to purchasers across the country, including in Ontario.”
— By Steve Lambert in Winnipeg
UDINE, Italy (AP) — Udinese has fired coach Massimo Oddo after 11 straight losses in Serie A.
The decision was expected after Sunday's 2-1 loss to Crotone left the team four points above the relegation zone.
The 41-year-old Oddo replaced Luigi Delneri in November and won their first five league matches, including a 3-1 victory at Inter Milan.
Udinese has not immediately announced a replacement but former Juventus defender Igor Tudor is favored to take over until the end of the season.
The former Croatia international began their senior coaching career in 2013 at Hajduk Split, where they won the Croatian Cup. They have also coached PAOK Thessaloniki, Karabukspor and Galatasaray.
Zeke Moisey left Cleveland with a promise.
"I am going to turn some heads again," said the West Virginia junior, became a two-time All-American Saturday when they finished eighth at the NCAA Division I wrestling championship at the Quicken Loans Arena. "I have turned heads before and I am going to do it again."
The Bethlehem Catholic graduate has certainly done so before as a Mountaineer, notably in 2015 when they pinned Iowa's top-seeded Thomas Gilman in the 125-pound semifinals in St. Louis as a true first-year student.
Ever since, though, Moisey has been plagued by injuries, as was the case in Cleveland. They medically forfeited the seventh-place bout Saturday morning to Oklahoma State's Ronnie Bresser.
"It's been my shoulder all along this season," said Moisey, who finished 26-12 on the season. "There was no reason to mess with it again (in the seventh-place bout."
Not after the run Moisey enjoyed.
The 13th-seeded Moisey defeated Virginia Tech's Kyle Norstrem 10-7 in their opener and then was pinned by Rutgers' eventual-runner-up Nick Suriano in the Round of 16.
Then Moisey, the national runner-up at 125 in 2015, clinched All-American status by winning three straight consolation bouts - 10-4 over South Dakota State's Connor Brown, 5-0 over Travis Piotrowski of Illinois and, to clinch their podium berth, 8-5 over No. 7 seed Taylor LaMont of Utah Valley.
"I just had to believe in myself," Moisey said. "If I had not come back after losing to Suriano I would have been very disappointed in myself. I knew the guys I had to wrestle were good but I thought if I could wrestle well I would beat them."
Moisey was then pinned by Minnesota's Ethan Lizak, a Parkland graduate, in 1:43 in the consolation quarterfinals in a bout where they re-injured their shoulder.
To win any place at 125 in Cleveland was a major accomplishment; it was perhaps the tournament's toughest weight class. The eight All-Americans included three national champions and three national runner-ups.
"I am glad to be an All-American but I am not satisfied with this," Moisey said. "I have one more year and I am going to dedicate myself to a full year of wrestling. I was seeded 13th and I know I can do better than that. I was in the final before and I know I can make that happen again."
Moisey may make it happen in Pittsburgh in 2019 with their brother at their side.
"It's been awesome to have Cade (a true first-year student 165-pounder and Northampton graduate) in the room with me this season. I think they can make the starting lineup and make it to nationals if they believe in their training."
All Cade has to do is follow their brother's path, after all, to turn some heads.
Brad Wilson may be reached at bwilson@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @bradwsports.
SUDBURY, Ont. — Jeremy Rainville scored twice and set up three more as the Cantonniers de Magog toppled the Toronto Young Nationals 7-4 on Tuesday for their second straight win to open the 2018 Telus Cup.
Rainville leads all scorers through two games at the national midget championship with seven points.
Simon Pinard also had a pair of goals while Jeremy Lapointe, Karl Vaillancourt and Gabriel Fontaine added singles for the Cantonniers (2-0-0). Olivier Adam made 16 saves for the win.
Nolan Lowe struck twice for the Young Nationals (0-2-0). Yianni Tsiampas and Jack McTiernan also scored as Elliott Tang gave up seven goals on 27 shots.
In other Telus Cup action, the Lethbridge Hurricanes blanked the Moncton Flyers on the back of a 24-save shutout from Byron Fancy.
Dylan Nevil and Zack Stringer scored first-period goals for the Hurricanes (2-0-0).
Brandon McKenna kicked out 29 shots for the Flyers (0-2-0).
And, Aaron Randazzo only had to make 19 saves as the Notre Dame Hounds beat the Sudbury Nickel Capital Wolves 4-0.
Ethan Ernst struck twice while Cordel Larson and Quinn Schmiemann had the others for the Hounds (2-0-0).
Alex Vendette stopped 30 shots for Sudbury (0-2-0).
Round-robin plays continue until Friday. The tournament semifinals go Saturday, with the championship set for Sunday.
Miss Alabama Outstanding Teen participant, Merrill Ann Culverhouse, will be one of the 16 scholars attending the national advocacy group Fight Colorectal Cancer's Call-on Congress in Washington, D.C. from March 13-15.
Culverhouse was selected to receive a scholarship to attend the three-day lobby event where they will join other family members and survivors who've experienced colorectal cancer and visit with Alabama's congressional delegation at the capital.
Culverhouse advocates for their father, Merrill, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in 2013.
Individuals from all over the U.S. applied to be one of the Call-on Congress scholars who receive complimentary hotel accommodations, registration and a ticket to the celebration dinner.
Culverhouse and the other 16 selected scholars were chosen because of their personal connections to the disease and passion for advocacy and awareness.
“Our scholars program gives advocates a chance to experience advocacy on the Hill for the first time,” said Fight CRC Advocacy Manager Emily Piekut. “We're excited for Merrill Ann to come represent Alabama – a key state in our advocacy efforts, learn how to advocate and meet others who've also watched their parents fight cancer. Our sponsors of this scholarship – the Baker family, Friends of Rose, and the Fight Colorectal Cancer Board – are thrilled to see a passionate advocate like Merrill Ann join us on the Hill.”
During the first two days of Culverhouse's training, they will learn about the latest research in colorectal cancer like immunotherapy, hot topics tied to colorectal cancer (such as the rise of “under 50” cases – also called early-onset colorectal cancer), and policies that would remove barriers to screening, an issue in which Culverhouse is extremely passionate.
“I chose colon cancer awareness as my platform with Alabama's Outstanding Teen Program because of my personal experience,” said Culverhouse. “I have spoken to many civic and social clubs and organizations about the importance of colon cancer screening. I even dressed as “Smurfette” to “smurf” out colon cancer at our town's depot Halloween event.”
Culverhouse has already gotten a jump start on raising local awareness through media and grassroots advocacy year-round, too.
“I am creating and selling a t-shirt for colon cancer awareness and would love everyone in my area to wear their shirts during the month of March as we celebrate Colon Cancer Awareness Month,” they said.
T-shirts are short sleeve heather navy in color and are $15 each. Please contact Culverhouse through Facebook, call 334-429-1403, or call them parents' store, Crenshaw Drugs, at 334-335-5888.
“I will be donating the proceeds from these shirts to Fight Colorectal Cancer while attending the Call on Congress in March,” they said.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Oscar-nominated actor James Woods says he's retiring from the entertainment industry.
The news was included in a press release issued by Woods' real estate agent offering Woods' Rhode Island lake house for sale.
Allen Gammons said Friday that Woods is 70 and wants to relax. They say the actor's brother and mother recently died, and they hope to spend more time on passions including photography, antiquing and poker.
Woods is known for their conservative political views and has said that's made it tough to find work in Hollywood.
Gammons said Woods' decision was not political.
Actress Amber Tamblyn last month said Woods tried to pick them up when they were 16. Woods called it a lie on Twitter. Gammons said Woods declined to comment Friday when asked about Tamblyn's accusation.
Study: Radical Diet Can Reverse Type 2 Diabetes A radical low-calorie diet can reverse type 2 diabetes, even six years into the disease, a new study has found. The number of cases of type 2 diabetes is soaring, related to the obesity epidemic. Fat accumulated in the abdomen prevents the proper function of the pancreas. It can lead to serious and life-threatening complications, including blindness and foot amputations, heart and kidney disease. A new study from Newcastle and Glasgow Universities shows that the disease can be reversed by losing weight, so that sufferers no longer have to take medication and are free of the symptoms and risks. Nine out of 10 people in the trial who lost 15kg (two-and-a-half stone) or more put their type 2 diabetes into remission. Prof Roy Taylor from Newcastle University, lead researcher in the trial funded by Diabetes UK, said: "These findings are very exciting. They could revolutionize the way type 2 diabetes is treated. This builds on the work into the underlying cause of the condition, so that we can target management effectively. "Substantial weight loss results in reduced fat inside the liver and pancreas, allowing these organs to return to normal function. What we're seeing … is that losing weight isn't just linked to better management of type 2 diabetes: significant weight loss could actually result in lasting remission." Worldwide, the number of people with type 2 diabetes has quadrupled over 35 years, rising from 108 million in 1980 to 422 million in 2014. This is expected to climb to 642 million by 2040. Type 2 diabetes affects almost 1 in 10 adults in the UK and costs the NHS about £14bn a year. Type 2 diabetes is usually treated with medication and in some cases, bariatric surgery to restrict stomach capacity, which has also been shown to reverse the disease. "Rather than addressing the root cause, management guidelines for type 2 diabetes focus on reducing blood sugar levels through drug treatments. Diet and lifestyle are touched upon, but diabetes remission by cutting calories is rarely discussed," said Taylor. "A major difference from other studies is that we advised a period of dietary weight loss with no increase in physical activity, but during the long-term follow up increased daily activity is important. Bariatric surgery can achieve remission of diabetes in about three-quarters of people, but it is more expensive and risky, and is only available to a small number of patients." The trial results, published in the Lancet and presented at the International Diabetes Federation Congress in Abu Dhabi, show that after one year, participants had lost an average of 10kg, and nearly half had reverted to a non-diabetic state. There were 298 adults on the trial aged 20-65, who had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes within the last six years, from 49 primary care practices in Scotland and Tyneside. Half of the practices put their patients on the very low calorie diet, while the rest were a control group, in which patients received usual care. Only 4% of the control group managed to achieve remission. The diet was a formula of 825-853 calories per day for 3 to 5 months, followed by the stepped reintroduction of food over two to eight weeks. The participants were all given support throughout, including cognitive behavior therapy and were encouraged to exercise. "Our findings suggest that even if you have had type 2 diabetes for six years, putting the disease into remission is feasible," says Prof Michael Lean from the University of Glasgow who co-led the study. "In contrast to other approaches, we focus on the need for long-term maintenance of weight loss through diet and exercise and encourage flexibility to optimize individual results." Isobel Murray, 65 from North Ayrshire, was one of those who took part. Over two years they lost three and a half stone (22kg) and no longer needs medication. "It has transformed my life," they said. "I had type 2 diabetes for two to three years before the study. I was on various medications which were constantly increasing and I was becoming more and more ill every day. "When the doctors told me that my pancreas was working again, it felt fantastic, absolutely amazing. I don't think of myself as a diabetic anymore." Taylor said that the trail shows that the very large weight losses that bariatric surgery can bring about are not necessary to reverse the disease. "The weight loss goals provided by this program are achievable for many people. The big challenge is long-term avoidance of weight re-gain," they said. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Health, Diabetes, Disease, Medical, Scientists Comment:
Name:
Julia: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 9:34pm PT The only symptom that I had was tingling in my legs especially at night after I retired to bed. The tingling became more severe where I could not get them to stop. I thought I had restless leg syndrome. My doctor tested me for diabetes and found that I had type II diabetes and the sugar was attacking my legs because it had no place to go. They put me on a sugar free diet and Actos and within one to two days my symptom were gone. One day I got extremely sick, could not keep anything down, had blurry vision, a rapid heartbeat. I Started taking metformin 1000 mg twice daily. I am writing this to inform others that nothing was really working to help my condition. I went off the metformin (with the doctor's knowledge) and started on Diabetes herbal formula I ordered from Health Herbal Clinic, my symptoms totally declined over a 7 weeks use of the Diabetes natural herbal formula. I am now doing very well, Visit their website healthherbalclinic.net. This treatment is incredible! sara: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 3:38pm PT I was diagnosed with type 2 Diabetes and put on Metformin on June 26th, 2016. I started the ADA diet and followed it 100% for a few weeks and could not get my blood sugar to go below 140. Finally I began to panic and called my doctor, they told me to get used to it. They said I would be on metformin my whole life and eventually insulin. At that point I knew something wasn't right and began to do a lot of research. Then I found Lisa's diabetes story (google "Lisa diabetes"). I read that article from end to end because everything the writer was saying made absolute sense. I started the diet that day and the next morning my blood sugar was down to 100 and now I have a fasting blood sugar between mid 70's and the 80's. My doctor took me off the metformin after just three weeks of being on this lifestyle change. I have lost over 30 pounds and 6+ inches around my waist in a month. The truth is we can get off the drugs and help ourselves by trying natural methods. len Smith: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 12:27pm PT Tell us what the diet is so that we can all benefit! TOP STORIES NOW 1. Just 15 Cars Met Top Safety+ Criteria 2. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain 3. Report: Uber Paid Off Florida Hacker 4. Health Premiums Hurting Small Biz 5. Viagra Is About To Get Cheaper MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN HEALTH 1. Phone Addiction Imbalances the Brain 2. Viagra Is About To Get Cheaper 3. Health Premiums Hurting Small Biz 4. Diet Can Reverse Type 2 Diabetes 5. Aetna-CVS Shows Amazon's Might
A place to meat up Bluff Dale cafe's gourmet burgers aren't just made of beef by kathy cruz hood county news Who among us hasn't thought at one time or another,
PARIS — Forward Valere Germain ended their scoring drought in the French league with two goals as Marseille beat Saint-Etienne 3-0 Sunday.
After joining from defending champion Monaco in the off-season, Germain made a bright start with a hat trick on their home debut in the third qualifying round of the Europa League. But prior to Sunday night, they had not found the net in 14 league games.
Germain got their first goal on 11 minutes with a powerful close-range header following a corner. After Saint-Etienne defender Ronael Pierre-Gabriel was sent off in the 51st, Germain grabbed their second in the 71st when they turned in winger Florian Thauvin's cross.
“Of course I was waiting for this, to score in the league. Or to score at all because I hadn't scored for three months,” Germain said on French television. “But I never lost confidence in myself. I hope this match helps me to play more regularly.”
Argentine winger Lucas Ocampos expertly curled in the third goal from just inside the penalty area late on.
Marseille remains in fourth place, level on points with Monaco and Lyon but trailing them on goal difference. They are nine points behind runaway leader Paris Saint-Germain. Saint-Etienne is down in 15th spot.
PSG and Monaco won their games on Saturday.
——
RISING STAR
Days after being linked with a potential move to Barcelona, teenage midfielder Houssem Aouar scored twice as Lyon rallied to win 2-1 at Amiens.
They started and finished the move that drew Lyon level in the 79th and volleyed in the winner four minutes into injury time.
The 19-year-old Aouar is the latest young talent to come through Lyon's prodigious youth academy, and was recently supervised by Barcelona. Their astute passing, and skill and composure on the ball reportedly pleased the Catalan giant.
Over the years, Lyon's academy has given young players the chance to shine by bringing them into the senior team quickly. It has produced Real Madrid star Karim Benzema, Arsenal striker Alexandre Lacazette and Nabil Fekir, the club's top scorer this season and another player widely tipped to move to a bigger club in the summer.
Amiens scored in the ninth minute through forward Serge Gakpe's close-range finish.
Lyon thought it had equalized in the 18th but forward Memphis Depay's free kick was ruled out for an offside teammate.
Aouar's equalizer was reward for their perseverance and talent.
Coming in from the left, they beat two players, fed a pass to midfielder Tanguy Ndombele and then sprinted to slide home Ndombele's pass across the penalty area.
After Amiens forwards Gael Kakuta hit the post with a penalty, Aouar's winner sparked scenes of jubilation.
Striker Mariano Diaz burst into the area and, rather than shooting, cleverly sent a looping pass toward the left post where Aouar volleyed the ball neatly into the right corner.
——
SUPER MARIO
Mario Balotelli's cushioned volley from the edge of the penalty area gave Nice a 2-1 win at fifth-place Nantes.
The Italian striker had just missed a more straightforward chance when they sent a first-time volley into the bottom right corner in the 75th minute, with speedy winger Allan Saint-Maximin again the provider.
It was Balotelli's ninth goal in 12 league games and prompted one fan to sprint onto the field to congratulate him. The match was briefly held up while security staff wrestled the intruder to the ground and then removed him.
Nice was indebted to goalkeeper Walter Benitez's stunning point-blank save from Jules Iloki's header just after Balotelli's goal.
Forward Yacine Bammou put Nantes ahead in the 12th minute. Striker Alassane Plea headed the equalizer close to halftime.
Following a terrible start to the season, Nice is up to eighth place.
TEF Founder Tony O. Elumelu
Tony Elumelu Foundation (TEF), Africa's largest philanthropy focused on supporting entrepreneurship, announced that the 3rd annual TEF Entrepreneurship Forum – the most inclusive gathering of African SMEs – will take place on October 13 – 14 in Lagos, Nigeria.
This is the first year the invitation-only forum is open to non-TEF entrepreneurs and will allow SMEs from across Africa to attend and form networks, share knowledge, connect with investors, link with corporate supply chains and influence policymakers and business leaders in attendance.
“Since launching the TEF Entrepreneurship Programme – and committing $100 million to empowering 10,000 African entrepreneurs in a decade – we have unleashed our continent's most potent development force – its entrepreneurs,” said TEF Founder Tony O. Elumelu.
“In just 3 years, our 3,000 entrepreneurs have created tens of thousands of jobs and generated considerable wealth.
On October 13 and 14, we invite the global entrepreneurship community to Lagos toward the realization of a New Africa, a thriving, self-reliant continent capable of replicating the results we have seen in our ground-breaking programme.”
The two-day event features plenary panels, masterclasses, and sector specific networking opportunities as well as policy-led talks focused on improving the enabling environment for African businesses.
TEF Chief Executive Officer Parminder Vir OBE said: “This is the first year we have opened the Forum up to include not just the 1,000 Tony Elumelu Entrepreneurs from the 2017 cycle of our Programme, but the full pan-African entrepreneurship ecosystem. In doing so, we are allowing disparate SME communities to come together and expand the possibilities for intra-African partnerships. I urge policymakers and investors to join us at the Forum as we empower the next generation of African business titans.”
Speakers at the event include: Wale Ayeni, International Finance Corporation; Stephen Tio Kauma, Afrexim Bank; Andre Hue, African Development Bank; Stephen M. Haykin, USAID Nigeria; Heikke Reugger, European Investment Bank; Abdoulaye Mar Dieye, United Nations Development Programme.
The Foundation's long-term investment in empowering African entrepreneurs is emblematic of Tony Elumelu's philosophy of Africapitalism, which positions Africa's private sector, and most importantly its entrepreneurs, as the catalysts for the social and economic development of the continent.
To my shock and mild horror, I became a Sephora VIB Rouge member this year—the highest level in Sephora's rewards program. I qualified after spending $1,000 in a calendar year.
Advertisement
Am I proud of this? Unsure! But it happened and there's nothing I can do about it. Let me now outline my journey to overspending on makeup and skincare products from Sephora in the year 2016.
I won't say this brush changed my life or even shifted it marginally. In retrospect, I'm not completely sure why I bought it in the first place because I rarely put powder all over my face. Still, it's a good brush and feels very nice and soft on my face.
Do not buy this eyeliner. I repeat: DO NOT BUY THIS EYELINER. I remember the release of this product being a whole big thing because I had to be put on a wait list. I returned it. Technically, should I include returns on this list since they don't count towards my rewards points? Don't know. Doing it anyway as a public service.
If you'll remember, earlier this year I went through what I thought was a quarter life crisis and bought a ton of skincare products. Eye creams seem like kind of a racket. If you use a good moisturizer, I'm not convinced you need something specific for that two inches of space on your face. I still haven't finished this small tube and likely won't be re-buying.
Another return.
This was kind of a dumb purchase because you can buy much, much more shea butter for much, much less. But I liked the tiny tin and it's a good base for matte lipstick.
You could probably just put oatmeal on your face instead of spending $24 on this face mask. I wouldn't. But someone could.
I love a sheet mask. I also don't like spending money on manicures and pedicures regularly so this is a nice in-between pick me up.
Again, this is my attempt at a at-home manicure. Some good hand lotion probably would have done the trick just fine.
A strong recommend for those with natural hair. My hair is fine and very dry and this is great because I like weighing it down a bit with a heavier butter moisturizer.
This stuff is magic. It's one of those products where, at $34, it's definitely more expensive than it should be, but not so exorbitant that I won't waste $10-$15 more than I should on makeup remover.
Highlighter had a big year. I can't say whether this is significantly better than the other million highlighters on the market, but it is excellent. I use Champagne Pop.
Another strong recommend on the brush. I wasn't exactly sure what to look for in a highlighter brush but I'm happy I landed on this one. I prefer it to the fan ones because I don't have a delicate enough hand to not basically draw a line across my face.
This is one of my favorite liquid lipsticks. The shade (Ashton) initially seemed too light for me, but with a dark brown lipliner underneath is one of my favorite nude lip situations.
I used to be a big nail polish person and have very much waned in that interest. I'm not sure what possessed me to buy this (in the shade Mayfair Market). It's a tad goopy, but fine.
Behold an example of one of the many times a Sephora sample has worked on me. It tingles, which I love, and my skin definitely feels plumper after using. Looking back I don't remember this costing damn near $40 especially because it comes in a very small jar, but that's likely how I got myself in this VIB Rouge situation in the first place.
Nothing on Earth smells better than this stuff. It's your standard sparkly booty cream situation that does not actually tighten your butt—still a nice thing to carry around in the summertime nonetheless. I bought the travel size because I rightfully predicted that I would not need 8 ounces of butt cream.
Purchased in the shade Conspiracy which is a metallic finish. I rarely buy non-matte lipstick anymore and I almost never wear this so...
The consistency is very, very creamy and it takes quite a while to set, but I like it. It's a very neutral brown (shade: Crop Top) on me and I love to throw it on when I'm not wearing makeup just to feel like I put in a bit of effort.
Every single time I step out of the house wearing Tom Ford Noir Pour Femme, I get a compliment. This was yet another case of Sephora's masterful ability to turn a sample into a purchase. Wearing the sample to a dinner party, I received no less than four compliments. I pulled the trigger the next day.
I buy the 1 oz size even though, now on my second bottle, the 1.7 oz for $72 probably makes more financial sense.
The greatest under eye concealer on Earth.
I love to travel versions of shit. I bought some these before my trip to Rio. I don't generally like wipes but I think my rational was that this was better than makeup remover in terms of potential spillage.
Sure.
Another foot mask experiment that I assume I grabbed while waiting in line for another purchase. I later went back and bought it again, so I guess I was satisfied the first time.
Not a lot of thoughts on this travel-sized hairspray.
Nothing has been better for my face than these magic drops. I mix it in with my liquid foundation and it's probably 60 percent of the reason why people are always asking me about or commenting on my skin. The secret is out. You are welcome.
Mac's Ruby Woo lipstick quite literally changed my life. Over the past couple years, I haven't worn red lipstick as much but this was my attempt to get back in the habit. It's some special edition shade called Chimps and is now sold out.
I bought this eyeliner and got confused about which brush I bought because Sephora sells about eight different types of liquid eyeliner all with slightly different brush shapes. I don't love the brush—it's a bit flimsy—but I was too lazy to return it.
A beautiful brown woman was my waiter one evening and was wearing this lipstick in Lola. I always assumed the shade would be too light for me but they convinced me and it's amazing. Kat Von D can make a lipstick.
The $50 Dr. Jart Ceramidin cream wasn't really feeling worth it. My skin was moisturized, sure but nothing revolutionary was going on. And it costs $50. This is a nice alternative.
More wipes, apparently.
For some reason I purchased this nail polish again in a red that is now sold out. I can't remember ever using it.
A great brow pencil for a light brow day.
Should have just bought the big bottle.
I find it hard to know when exactly to replace Beauty Blenders but at a certain point I could tell that mine was very gross. At the time of this purchase, I was $1 away from qualifying for VIB Rouge status so I just decided to just give myself up to the inevitable.
Over the year I bought eight of these Sephora eye masks which I like to use after a flight even though I can't tell much of a difference.
A gift card I purchased for my sister, presumably to help lead them down the dark path I am on.
I won't bore you with the exact breakdown, but I also bought 25 sheet face masks because I am a monster. I'll throw the Sephora brand masks into my cart because they're cheap and why not? My favorite sheet masks are from Dr. Jart. I bought a bunch of the Dermask Water Jet Vital Hydra Solution masks until I discovered you can buy a pack of five on Amazon for much cheaper. I also like the Ceramidin mask because, as I noted, I stopped using the expensive-ass moisturizer and it's good for when my skin is feeling particularly dry. My favorite, however, is the brightening Brightening Infusion Hydrogel mask.
This was my year. Hopefully I am $1,000 more beautiful now.
PORTLAND, Maine — Maine's Republican senator says Roy Moore wasn't fit to serve in the U.S. Senate even before sexual misconduct allegations came to light.
Sen. Susan Collins made the comments on CBS' “Face the Nation” on Sunday morning. They called the Republican National Committee's decision to support Moore in the Alabama race “a mistake.”
Collins says they thought Moore was a poor choice for Senate because of their views on Muslims and gays even before they learned of the misconduct allegations.
Moore's accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers decades ago, when they were a county prosecutor. They face Democrat Doug Jones in a special election Tuesday.
Moore has largely denied the allegations. Tuesday's election could have major implications for the balance of power in the Senate, where Republicans have a slight edge.
RICHMOND HEIGHTS, Ohio (KRON/CNN) — A nurse in Ohio is now out of a job after deciding they were too sick to work.
They say the hospital they worked for fired them after they got the flu.
We know this flu season is worse than normal, and when one “fill-in” nurse at University Hospitals said they were too sick to work two times over the course of a few days, it violated hospital policy.
Just after Christmas Theresa Puckett was hardly a picture of good health.
They called out sick once at the end of 2017, and when they came back, a superior sent their home early because they were still fighting off the flu.
“I was putting in my cough drops, I was drinking my water, I was putting in my Mucinex,” Puckett said. “I mean, the whole nine yards just to patch myself up enough to go to work.”
That led to another sick day, opening them up to being fired because of UH's policy that temporary nurses called PRNs, like Theresa, may be dismissed after two non-approved absences over 60-days.
Theresa says it speaks to the nursing and hospital culture, keeping hospitals staffed no matter what the consequences.
“But when it happened to me, and I really truly was too sick to go to work, I was punished for that,” Puckett said. “I was punished for staying home with a doctor's note.”
UH has a “no-fault” attendance policy, where the hospital says “notes from a physician do not ‘excuse' an occurrence of absence.”
The policy says only approved leaves of absence, workplace illnesses or injuries, scheduled paid time off–like vacation time or doctors appointments–or jury duty or bereavement leave are considered excused.
That means even Theresa's note from their own doctor saying they shouldn't interact with people who are already sick wasn't enough.
Cold Lake RCMP responded to about 126 calls this past week which is a lower call volume number, however Const. Dave Hart explained domestic violence call volume is up.
All domestic violence related calls that reach the RCMP's desk require police intervention, said Hart.
RCMP responded to about 11 domestic violence calls last week including minor assaults and verbal arguments.
“Thankfully, there weren't any serious physical assaults,” said Hart.
They added that one of the reasons why domestic call volume is higher is due to stress on families probably because of the economy.
Although call volume is down, RCMP reports a consistent trend in property crime including break-and-enters.
The local RCMP responded to about six property crime related incidents from break-and-enters to theft of property last week.
The RCMP would like to remind the public not leave vehicles running when running into a store or for a quick errand.
Hart asks the community to report any suspicious activity to the RCMP.
A video has emerged online of some unknown persons pelting Stonebwoy with stones during their ‘Ashaiman to the World' concert held last weekend.
Angered by that, they ask for gun (in Ewe) to shoot the people disrespecting him.
The concert was largely successful but has been embroiled in controversy after some people raised doubts about the claim by the ‘Falling Again' act that they were targeted by some people who cut the tent they stationed in minutes before they were supposed to go on stage. Their wife, Dr. Louisa Satekla was hospitalized because of the knife attack.
They questioned the reasoning behind the doubts saying they had no reason to engage in a publicity stunt after a successful concert via posts on their Social Media accounts.
Watch video below.
CONCORD, N.C. — Bill Elliott remembers taking their son to a kart race out west that Chase Elliott badly wanted to win. They were just a little boy and when they spun their kart, they couldn't get it restarted and their shot at victory was gone.
“He was devastated,” Elliott recalled with a laugh. “It's just their DNA.”
A dozen or so years later, Chase Elliott is still very hard on himself.
The latest disappointment came last week at Dover when their first Cup Series victory was right in front of him. But with just over a lap remaining, Kyle Busch chased them down and denied Elliott their long overdue first trip to victory lane. He'd been close to a Cup win before, but this defeat was by far the most painful for one of NASCAR's emerging stars.
“That's as close as I've been finishing one off, and when you go through defeats like that, I don't think you'll ever forget it,” Chase Elliott said. “There is no silver lining. It was nobody's fault but my own, and I take full responsibility for it.
The hurt hung with Elliott for a day or two, but moving past the disappointment is paramount to their ability to learn how to win in a Cup car. Their first chance at redemption comes Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway, the opening race in the second round of NASCAR's playoffs. The field of 16 drivers has been cut to 12, and with unpredictable Talladega Superspeedway looming next week, Elliott wants to knock out a strong finish at Charlotte.
“I think you take that frustration (from Dover) and everything that came with giving that race away and apply it to the upcoming week,” Elliott said. “This is an important round.”
Elliott has leaned on Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson, the seven-time NASCAR champion, as well as their Hall of Fame father in dealing with the disappointments that come from racing. It was Johnson who got to Elliott's car first at Dover to give Elliott a chance to calm down before facing television cameras .
Johnson's advice to Elliott was to learn from Dover, even though Johnson wasn't sure how Elliott could have changed their strategy to hold off Busch. Elliott had taken command of the race by running a low line that they never adjusted, even though lapped traffic clogged the line and gave Busch the time to catch him.
“From where I was in third, I thought Chase made the right move protecting the bottom,” said Johnson, an 11-time Dover winner. “But there are many pieces to that mental game of winning, and one is just not handing them to somebody. Like nine out of 10 times, Chase ran the exact right line. But there is a way to learn how to win them and I feel like Chase has put in their time and he's only going to be stronger for it.”
Just 21 and in their second season at NASCAR's top level, Elliott is still trying to figure out how to best the stars of the sport. Each time he's come up short — they have five runner-up finishes the last two years — he's been extremely hard on himself. Their father believes that is a family trait, but one Chase is working on overcoming.
“You've got to pick up the pieces and go on. Right now, it takes them a few days,” Bill Elliott said. “But he's learning how to deal with it and go on. He'll be fine.”
Kyle Larson can relate. They lost over and over again in their first 2 1/2 years in the Cup Series. Larson finally broke through last summer — beating Elliott at Michigan to grab their first career Cup victory — and Larson has added four more wins this season.
Larson is now considered a top title contender.
“There were a lot of times I seemed to choke late in races, but each of those losses I had, I learned something from each of them. I became more calm,” Larson said. “I feel like Chase has probably run second as many times as I did before their first win, and been close just as often as I was. But he's pretty mature. It seems so far this year, he's dealt with all the close finishes way better than they did last year. I think that's a case of learning from each of those losses. But he'll win, and when they win one, he's going to win a lot.”
Elliott has seven races remaining as the driver of the No. 24 Chevrolet, the car they took over from Jeff Gordon. Because Gordon is the only driver to ever win in the No. 24, Elliott wants a victory in it before they move to the No. 9 next season. The number change is part of a restructuring of the Hendrick lineup and puts Elliott in the No. 9, a car number associated with their father.
“I'm not in a position to get picky on where I get a win, anywhere will be perfectly fine with me,” Elliott said. “One thing that is a big priority is to finish the year off strong in that number. I'd love to add my name to that win column.”
——
More AP Auto Racing: http://racing.ap.org/
Authorities were continuing this week to try to determine how a 24-year-old woman died, after their body was found Friday outside a Pocono Mountains mobile home.
An autopsy was done Monday on the remains of Nicole Murray, who was from Philadelphia. They were reported missing to city police in December and to Pocono Mountain Regional police in January.
Murray had gone to the Long Pond area in the the Poconos with one, possibly three people, they knew only by first name, according to a now-deactivated gofundme.com campaign that sought to raise money for a private investigator to track down Murray. One of them called Murray's mother on Jan. 7, claiming she'd run off without any of their belongings.
Them remains were found behind the home along Foliage Drive in Blakeslee, a section of Tunkhannock Township in Monroe County.
Monroe County Coroner Tom Yanac said Tuesday they hoped to have an answer as early as Friday, as to what happened to Murray.
Investigators are awaiting the results of medical testing, Pocono Mountain Regional police Chief Chris Wagner said Tuesday.
They said there was no danger to the general public.
Burned body found outside Bethlehem apartment complex
Police were not looking for anyone involved in the investigation.
"Everybody that's involved we've identified so there's nobody out there that's unknown to us at this point," Wagner said.
No charges were pending as of Tuesday, according to police.
"We have to let the autopsy and the coroner's investigation take its course and then we're kind of guided where we end up after those conclusions are made," Wagner said.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @KurtBresswein and Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — A coach in the lower divisions of Argentine soccer quit after being threatened at gunpoint by a benched player.
Coach Cristian Neira of the Escuela Presidente Roca club, in one of the regional lower divisions in the Cordoba province north of Buenos Aires, quit after midfielder Cesar Pagani pulled a gun during training and demanded to be included in the starting lineup on Thursday, said Emeterio Farias, president of the Cordoba Soccer League.
“The coach quit,” Farias said in an interview with Radio Suquia on Friday. “The player threatened them with a gun during training. There's another kid who is playing (in the starting lineup) and the coach thinks they are better, and they have the right to decide who plays.”
Farias said Neira decided not to press charges out of fear, but said they reported the incident to the police.
“I hope the authorities do something. A guy like this cannot be free,” Farias said. “We can't allow the violent (people) to push us around.”
Escuela President Roca plays in the Federal C category of Argentina professional soccer, one of the many lower level regional tournaments below the first division.
Who should have seen red? Who got away with penalty-worthy infractions? Was that goalscorer offside or not?
MLSsoccer.com's Simon Borg brings you the most controversial and talked-about plays from Week 7. Do you agree with theirs takes -- or did they miss a moment you thought deserved another look?
Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below and check back every Monday for the latest edition of the show.
VANCOUVER — Police say four people were taken to hospital after a car crash in east Vancouver as police investigated two bank robberies.
Const. Jason Doucette says none of those who were injured were involved in the alleged bank robberies, describing them as “innocent civilians.”
The four people, who were in the same vehicle, were taken to hospital with what's believed to be minor injuries.
Doucette says officers received reports of robberies at two separate banks within 30 minutes on Saturday afternoon.
They say a Porsche Cayenne that police believe was driven by the suspects crashed at an intersection near the location of the second robbery, minutes after it was reported.
The crash involved four vehicles.
Doucette says officers blocked in the Porsche and a man and a woman were arrested.
Date: Wednesday, May 15, 2018
Time: 2:00 p.m. EDT (GMT -5, New York)
Duration: 1 Hour
Event Type: Live Webinar
Cost: Free
Register Today!
Description
If you're a manufacturer, OEM, or in a process industry, the industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) can help you boost your production efficiency, quality, flexibility, and visibility to higher levels than ever, while responding to customer requests and market opportunities much faster.
Learn how to get started in a lively one-hour webinar with Siemens and Amazon Web Services (AWS), respective world leaders in cloud and automation technologies.
They will cut through all the IIoT hype and get specific: You'll learn how advanced sensor, automation, and cloud technologies can combine to help you take advantage of advanced analytics and machine learning. And they will give you insights to:
How to benefit from open IIoT platforms in terms of connectivity and custom app development and an ecosystem of apps
The latest on cloud compute power, scalable dynamic storage, and content delivery
Examples of successful applications using the Siemens MindSphere open cloud-based operating system for IoT on AWS
How you can get started with little cost and risk and scale fast
Register
Tim Wormus, VP IIoT Strategy and Implementation Americas, Siemens
Tim is a leader in the intelligent application of analytics technologies, including the open cloud based operating system for the IoT MindSphere. They have held development and market facing roles at Genedata, Inc., Tibco Spotfire, Perkin Elmer, and H2O.ai. Today, they act in a leadership role for Siemens as VP for IIoT Strategy and Implementation in the Americas. Their team is revolutionizing how companies do business. Tim and their team work with customers and partners to help identify how to apply the appropriate technology solution to the challenges specific to their industry, size and corporate goals, in order for them to best achieve tangible returns.
Tom “Elvis” Jones, Solutions Architect, Amazon Web Services
Tom spends their time focusing on the complex challenges of strategic partners in the Design, Engineering, and Manufacturing space. Their career has spanned both the hardware and software sides of the house, including work at Red Hat, Transmeta, and Pratt & Whitney, giving Tom an extremely broad technical experience across multiple industries and verticals.  They are a whitepaper author, a patent holder, a training material builder, a DevOps expert, an active Maker, a mountain biker, and above all, a passionate technologist. They have been known to go far out of their way for pinball and fondly recalls playing "Adventure" on an ADDS Viewpoint ASCII terminal.
Speakers
Technical Details
This webinar will be conducted using a slides-and-audio format. After you complete your registration, you will receive a confirmation email with details for joining the webinar.
How IndustryWeek webinars work
System test (opens in a new window)
Contact us
Man United the fixture list winners; Arsenal fans beware of Christmas
ESPN FC (blog)
With the 2017/18 English Premier League fixtures being announced, ESPN previews the opening fixtures and key dates of the North London, Manchester and Merseyside derbies. The 2017-18 fixture list has been published and, after an absence of just …
and more »
A few years ago, my daughter requested that their nightly lullaby be replaced with a bedtime story.
I was happy to comply, and promptly invented stories full of imaginary creatures in elaborate plots intended to convey some important lesson about patience or hard work or being kind to others.
But my daughter was not pleased. They had very particular ideas about what their bedtime stories should be about. They wanted stories about a little girl planning a birthday party. A human girl. A human girl about their age. And what fascinated them were the mundane details: the theme for the party, the location, who was invited, and (most importantly) what they had for dessert.
It turns out my daughter is not alone. Them passion for birthday party stories, in particular, may be somewhat idiosyncratic, but children often prefer the factual over the fantastical. And a growing body of work suggests that when it comes to storybooks, they also learn better from stories that are realistic. For example, preschool-aged children are more likely to learn new facts about animals when the animals are portrayed realistically as opposed to anthropomorphically, and they're more likely to apply the solution to a problem presented in a storybook to a new scenario when the storybook involves real people (as opposed to fictional characters) and a realistic plot (as opposed to a space adventure).
A new study by Nicole Larson, Kang Lee, and Patricia Ganea, forthcoming in the journal Developmental Science, reveals that learning about good behavior is no exception. When children read a realistic storybook about humans who shared, they were more likely to do so themselves.
In the study, 4- to 6-year-old children were read a story about sharing that featured either human characters or anthropomorphic animals. Both before and after the story, children had the opportunity to share stickers with other children. The number of stickers each child set aside for others provided a quantifiable measure of sharing.
The key finding was that, on average, children who heard the story featuring a human who shared increased the number of stickers they shared, whereas those who heard the story featuring an anthropomorphic animal that shared did not. In other words, young children applied the lesson from the story to their own behavior, but only when the story featured humans.
The researchers also found that when children in another group were allowed to choose whether to read the story about humans or the story about anthropomorphic animals, they had no reliable preference. This suggests that the story about humans wasn't more effective in promoting sharing simply because children found it more appealing, and also that children weren't reliably drawn to the more fantastical alternative.
The findings from the study reinforce the idea that young children have an easier time exporting what they learn from a fictional storybook to the real world when the storybook is realistic. The leap from a fictional human to a real one is simply smaller than the leap from an anthropomorphic raccoon to a human. But it could be that as children grow older they become better at making these leaps, or that parents can help them make the leaps more readily.
In a paper just published in the journal Cognition, for example, developmental psychologist Caren Walker and I found that prompting 5- and 6-year-old children to explain key events in a storybook made them better at extracting the moral of the story and then applying it to a real-world problem. This is something parents can do easily as they read storybooks with their children, asking them why (say) an anthropomorphic raccoon did or didn't share, and why other characters responded as they did. If the theory in our paper is right, this should help children relate the unrealistic aspects of the story to what they know about the real world, and thus appreciate the patterns that hold across both the fictional world of the story and the real world around them.
The lesson I've learned from research on children's stories is this: When my daughter asks for a (realistic) birthday party story tonight, I'll indulge them It will be about a human girl who celebrates their 7th birthday. But it will also include some realistic problems with realistic solutions — and I'll throw in some lessons about sharing and some prompts to explain for good measure.
Tania Lombrozo is a psychology professor at the University of California, Berkeley. They write about psychology, cognitive science and philosophy, with occasional forays into parenting and veganism. You can keep up with more of what they are thinking on Twitter: @TaniaLombrozo
SAN FRANCISCO--At the least four people are dead after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco Wednesday morning.
The gunman shot themselves and their condition is unknown.
Media reports say San Francisco police have secured the building, and is searching the building for victims and witnesses, the department said in a tweet.
The package sorting and delivery facility employs about 350 people.
The company cannot provide any identifications until the police investigation is complete.
"The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share," UPS said in a statement. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident. To assist our employees during this time, UPS has made professional counseling available.
(THIS STORY HAS BEEN UPDATED FROM ITS ORIGINAL VERSION.)
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, R.Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas, T.Peterson (6), Familia (8), Gsellman (9) and Plawecki; Teheran, Carle (8), S.Freeman (8), Socolovich (9) and Suzuki. W_Vargas 2-3. L_Teheran 4-3. Sv_Gsellman (2). HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (4).
The hockey bar is finally getting a hockey team.
When Tim Pipes opened The Angry Beaver seven years ago — the first and only Canadian-themed hockey bar in Seattle — it was because the Toronto-born Maple Leafs fan wanted a place where they and others could grab a beer and watch NHL games. They never thought the team he'd be showing on the TVs would be from Seattle.
“It wasn't even on the radar,” said Pipes, who's seen a sudden rush in clientele after last week's announcement that the NHL is accepting an expansion application from the city. “Ever since the news came out, we've been absolutely packed to the rafters. I didn't get out of work last night until five in the morning. I'm amazed how many hockey fans there are.”
It's a small snapshot of what the NHL hopes will be a successful 32nd franchise.
A few months after the Vegas Golden Knights joined the league, the NHL is continuing to grow. This time, the league appears headed to the state of Washington after an eventful week where the city of Seattle approved the US$660-million renovation of KeyArena and the NHL Board of Governors gave the green light to apply for an expansion franchise.
The expectation is that the yet-to-be named team will be in the league by 2020-21 — a dream many had almost given up on after Seattle chose not to apply for a franchise a year ago.
“I try not to get too high or too low, but this week has been the exception,” said John Barr, who for the past six years has been operating NHLtoSeattle.com, a news site covering the city's ongoing bid for a pro team. “It finally feels like we can celebrate something. I know that we're not done, but I couldn't have even hoped for what's happened already. The heavy lifting's done. I don't know what expectations they have for the ticket drive, but I anticipate that not being a problem.”
That the NHL is expanding again is not surprising. The league wanted to add a 32nd team along with Vegas, but was waiting for the proper geographical fit that would help balance the Eastern and Western Conferences, which is part of the reason why Quebec City still is without a team.
According to Forbes' magazine, NHL team values are up 15 per cent from last year — the biggest increase in three years. Part of that was due to the $500-million expansion fee Vegas paid, which netted each of the other 30 owners $16.6 million. The $650-million fee that Seattle must now pay will reward each owner with about $21 million.
It's a steep increase from the $80 million the Columbus Blue Jackets and Minnesota Wild each paid in join the league in 2000.
“It's a sign that it's capable of carrying markets,” said Moshe Lander, professor of Sports Economics at Concordia University. “I think the NHL is probably healthier than it's been in 100 years. The product is good and the game is international. I think they're making a mistake in not shutting down for two weeks for the Olympics, but the game is strong.”
As for the city itself, Seattle is not new to professional sports. Though the NBA's SuperSonics moved to Oklahoma City in 2008, Seattle has NFL and MLB teams, as well as a successful soccer team that on Saturday lost to Toronto FC in the MLS Cup — the Sounders beat Toronto for that title in 2016 — and which Forbes ranked in 2015 as the MLS' most valuable franchise.
Similarly, hockey is not new to the city, with the Seattle Metropolitans having won the Stanley Cup in 1917. The state of Washington also has four teams playing in the Western Hockey League, including two (the Seattle Thunderbirds and Everett Silvertips) that are about 30 kilometres north and south, respectively, of where the new NHL franchise would be located.
And yet, this isn't Minnesota or even Wisconsin. Seattle, with its cool and wet winters and location on the West Coast, is not exactly a natural hotbed for hockey.
“There's none,” Seattle Thunderbirds GM Russ Farwell, who has lived in the area for more than 20 years, said of the city's hockey culture. “You have to understand there's none here. We have, like, seven ice rinks right from Everett to Tacoma. It's a niche sport right now because of the lack of rinks. It's the last place in the U.S. to turn onto hockey.”
That doesn't mean it can't grow into a hockey market.
We're only a few months into their first season, but Vegas is proving expansion teams can attract new fans with a winning product and the right marketing plan. Now, with a season ticket drive in the future, Seattle has an opportunity to show how committed it is to hockey.
Based on the increased clientele at The Angry Beaver, it looks promising.
“What I see in my little slice of the world is that there is a culture that will support hockey, but who knows what that's going to look like 10 years down the road,” said Pipes. “I don't know if I'll have enough money for season tickets, but I'll be first in line to see them.
“Hopefully, it does so well that I have to open a bigger place.”
• Email: mtraikos@postmedia.com | Twitter: @michael_traikos
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: CXP) announced that it has successfully executed its plan to create value at 650 California Street by revitalizing and re-leasing the property, with 315,736 square feet leased at the building since acquisition.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006405/en/
Columbia Property Trust has successfully executed its plan to create value at 650 California Street in San Francisco by revitalizing and re-leasing the property, with 315,736 square feet leased at the building since acquisition at triple-digit rent roll-ups. Photo by @vantagepointart
When Columbia purchased the iconic 478,000-square-foot office building in San Francisco's Financial District in September 2014, 650 California Street was 88 percent leased, with over a third of the leases scheduled to expire within two years. Since that time, the company has leased or renewed two-thirds of the space at the building and curated a diverse roster of high-quality, small to mid-sized tenants. The building now stands at 96 percent leased overall, with an average remaining lease term of 6.6 years.
Recent leases include an 86,225-square-foot lease with financial technology company Affirm, signed in April 2017 and scheduled to commence this quarter, and a new 60,576-square-foot lease with co-working giant WeWork that was signed in February of 2017 and commenced in July. Together, these two leases rolled cash rents up by 172 percent on the leased space. Recently, several smaller leases have brought 650 California to 96 percent leased, and other ongoing lease negotiations have the potential to drive the building's occupancy to 100 percent within the next few months.
The 33-story tower has been a landmark of the San Francisco skyline since its construction in 1964 and recently earned the #2 spot on Architectural Digest 's list of the world's most “Breathtaking Office Views.” Since acquisition, Columbia has completed a series of renovations to modernize the tower and drive tenant demand, including adding collaborative spaces and a new café to the main lobby, new state-of-the-art fitness and conference centers, and a luxury concierge service, exclusively for tenants.
“Shortly after acquisition, we began taking steps to reposition 650 California Street by upgrading the building's lobby and amenities to complement its world-class views and off-set center core, which appeal to traditional and creative tenants alike,” said David Dowdney, senior vice president and head of leasing at Columbia.
Columbia's success with 650 California Street is emblematic of the company's San Francisco portfolio and repeats the pattern it established three years ago with its earlier acquisition in the city, 221 Main Street. At that building, Columbia leased 187,000 square feet between April 2014 and March 2015 that took it from 83 percent to 94 percent leased.
Nelson Mills, Columbia's president and CEO, commented, “Our team has created substantial value in our Bay Area portfolio by working diligently and creatively to capitalize on the central locations and unique attributes of each property, with first-class amenities tailored to meet the needs of our tenants. As a result, we have almost zero vacancy across our two million square feet of office space in the area, leased at strong rates, and we are confident in our ability to build on this record of success as we seek to expand our footprint in the market.”
Columbia engaged Cushman and Wakefield's San Francisco leasing team, which includes J.D. Lumpkin, Zach Siegel and Sam Wasserstein, to assist with the leasing efforts at 650 California.
About Columbia Property Trust Columbia Property Trust (NYSE: CXP) owns and operates Class-A office buildings concentrated in New York, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C. Its portfolio includes 20 properties with over nine million square feet. Columbia carries an investment-grade rating from both Moody's and Standard & Poor's. For more information, please visit www.columbia.reit.
Forward-Looking Statements: Certain statements contained in this press release other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in those acts. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, anticipated dividends, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. We make no representations or warranties (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this press release, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors and are based on a number of assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, and market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. To the extent that our assumptions differ from actual conditions, our ability to accurately anticipate results expressed in such forward-looking statements, including our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations, make distributions to stockholders, and maintain the value of our real estate properties, may be significantly hindered. See Item 1A in the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, for a discussion of some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements. The risk factors described in our Annual Report are not the only ones we face, but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006405/en/
CONTACT: Columbia Property Trust, Inc.
Media Contact:
Bud Perrone, 212-843-8068
bperrone@rubenstein.com
or
Investor Relations:
Matt Stover, 404-465-2227
IR@columbia.reit
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: BUILDING SYSTEMS REIT CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Columbia Property Trust, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 04:15 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 04:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006405/en
Russian Sports Minister Pavel Kolobkov has claimed they and International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) President Sebastian Coe have set out a "roadmap" for the next two months to help their country get reinstated.
The Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) has been banned by the IAAF since November 2015 and the country's athletes currently have to compete as neutrals.
Kolobkov, though, is optimistic that the RusAF is heading the right direction following their meeting at the IAAF's headquarters in Monte Carlo.
As well as Coe, Rune Andersen, head of the IAAF Taskforce for Russia, was also present at the meeting.
"We had a working conversation with Coe and Rune Andersen," Kolobkov told Russian website sports.ru.
"We discussed the question of the restoration of RusAF and detailed a roadmap.
"This meeting was very important.
"We made a plan of action for the next two months.
"In June, the IAAF Council will meet, where the important decisions regarding our Federation will be made."
The duo apparently met at IAAF headquarters in Monte Carlo ©Getty Images
Kolobkov added: "We agreed to continue dialogue on a regular basis because everybody is interested in the quick restoration of RusAF.
"There are a number of unresolved issues, which do not require public discussion.
"The main thing is that we are working and communicating with each other in order to find a common decision."
The IAAF, however, deny that a roadmap has been agreed and, in a statement to insidethegames, the IAAF said: "The meeting was useful in terms of restating for the Russia Sports Minister the areas that still remain outstanding for the reinstatement of RusAF.
"These are the same areas that are included in the Taskforce report to Council in March and we continue to make ourselves available to the Russia Sports Ministry and RusAF as they move forward on the agreed reinstatement criteria."
Yesterday's meeting between the two Olympic champions comes after Kolobkov met officials from the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) at the SportAccord Summit in Bangkok last week.
WADA President Sir Craig Reedie claimed they had "made some progress" during the meeting.
RusAF were suspended by the IAAF following the Russian doping scandal, which saw the country's Government accused of running a state-supported doping programme.
This has led to clean Russian athletes applying to IAAF to compete at international events under the banner of neutral athletes.
The Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) also had their membership of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) suspended following the doping scandal, but it was reinstated within a few days of the end of this year's 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Iceland's ‘Big Bitcoin Heist' Suspect Has Been Arrested
Iceland's alleged bitcoin mining computer thief Sindri Thor Stefansson, who escaped from prison last week, was arrested in Amsterdam Monday.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ANED To Unmetered Residential Customers: Continue Paying Your Estimated Electricity Bills
By ABAH ADAH, Abuja
Acknowledging the fact that electricity consumers may have misconstrued a recent directive by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) exempting hitherto unmetered maximum demand (MD) customers from paying bills, the Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED) has appealed to residential (small demand) customers across the country to continue paying their estimated bills and not misconstrue the directive to include them.
A statement issued by ANED on behalf of the 11 distribution companies (DisCos) yesterday in Abuja explained that the directive by NERC was targeted at some of the Maximum Demand (MD) customers that may not have been metered after the metering deadline for them which was originally 28th February, but extended to 1st March, 2017 at the request of the DisCos expired.
The statement issued by the Head/CEO, Azu Obiaya dismissed the report in a section of the media that NERC stopped all unmetered electricity customers from paying the estimated bill, saying “This is incorrect as it only applies to MD, customers and not residential customers.”
“The MD customers who are also called Large Power Users (LPU) include mainly MDAs, large plazas estates, large firms, and small-scale industries, e.t.c., with consumption threshold of 45KVA from whom huge revenue is generated.
“The MD meters are connected on the 11Kv (High tension wire) electricity lines, mostly on dedicated transformers,” the statement explained further.
ANED said the DisCos will continue to operate with the estimated billing methodology approved by NERC as frantic efforts are being made to ensure completion of the on-going metering processes according to the Performance Agreements with the Bureau for Public Enterprises (BPE).
Meanwhile NERC in a statement issued by the AGM on Media, Mrs Vivian Mbonu yesterday said, non-MD customers that do not have meters must continue to pay their estimated bills but warned the DisCos to strictly adhere to estimation methodology rather than hiking bills.
The post ANED To Unmetered Residential Customers: Continue Paying Your Estimated Electricity Bills appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: yen.com.gh
2017-10-06
play videoFormer President John Mahama
With barely a year since John Dramani Mahama lost the 2016 elections, there has been heated debates from both sides of the political divide over whether or not the defeated president will consider contesting the 2020 presidential race.
Ex-president Mahama themselves has revealed that they are yet to decide if indeed they want to run the elections but why don't we forget about the political heat and just delve into the world of fantasy as we explore some smart and funny reasons why Mahama could decide never to stand for president again.
But despite their election defeat,
1. They now have the freedom to preach the gospel and join the choir just like they recently did one holy Sunday morning!
2. They now have the time to practice how to be a better grandpa in the future.
3. They could now focus on their music career.
4. There now remain very magical moments of taking selfies with stars like himself.
5. They have escaped the pressure of the Flagstaff House to at least enjoy the very rich cocoa Ghana is blessed with.
NEW YORK — Agnes Varda, the 89-year-old Belgian-born filmmaking legend, emerges from their hotel room having dressed up for an evening event at Lincoln Center. They hold out the large silver heart-shaped medallion strung around their neck.
“I have a big heart,” they say with a smile.
A truer thing has never been said. Since their 1962 New Wave breakthrough, the real-time masterwork “Cleo From 5 to 7,” and running up until their latest, the richly ennobling road trip documentary “Faces Places,” Varda's much-distinguished career has been defined by a soul-searching warmth, an abiding, compassionate curiosity, and a deep desire, above all, to see.
“Life comes through the frame and through the stock. It's like a filter,” says Varda. “We filter life to make it accessible to us. We want to learn and then give to other people images, song and emotion and discovery. We are artisans. I feel I am an artist but I am a moviemaker. I make a film with my hands. I love the editing, I love the mixing. It's a tool to make other people exist. It's giving understanding between people.
“Understanding, empathy, sharing. I think they are beautiful words. They are not ridiculous.”
While perhaps not as widely known outside cinephile circles as some of their French New Wave contemporaries — Godard, Truffaut — Varda has been a humble but titanic presence across 20th century cinema. Originally a photographer, their films have, from the fierce feminist 1985 landmark “Vagabond” to their tender 2009 memory sketch “Beaches of Agnes,” charted a more eccentric and often whimsical path. She's small in stature but their dual-toned bowl-cut hairstyle is, like their movies, immediately identifiable as their own.
“Beaches of Agnes,” Varda thought, would be their final feature film. But then they met the now 34-year-old street artist JR, who's world renown for pasting grand portraits of photographs on huge, real-world tableaus — a boy gazing over a border wall in Mexico; giant eyes on a sailing cargo ship. A couple years ago, Varda, a fan of JR's work, met them on a Monday in Paris. They started shooting that Wednesday.
“He does very spectacular things,” says Varda. “I'm more modest than they are. But we got along. I think our working couple works, no?”
They're perhaps the oddest couple of the year but also the most charming. In “Faces Places,” which opens in New York on Friday and elsewhere in the coming weeks, they and JR traverse the French countryside in a van, meeting people along the way, hearing their stories and pasting their portraits. The images leave their subjects — a solitary farmer, wives of dockworkers — breathless.
An intuitive, improvised project became a long-running one. To pace Varda, whose eyesight has diminished, they worked one week every month for five months.
“We thought it would just be a summer,” says JR, who dons sunglasses and a hat throughout the film, but who spoke without either while Varda was spiffing up in the next room. “It's like a summer love that got extended.”
“What we had in common is that you can approach everybody — anybody — if you have empathy and a desire to listen, to be honest, to be open,” says Varda of their co-director. “We worked with four eyes.”
Since its debut at the Cannes Film Festival, “Faces Places” has left critics floored by Varda's undiminished talent and spirit. “Unlike a lot of movies by older filmmakers, it's as fresh as a daisy,” says Kent Jones, director of the New York Film Festival, which also screened the film.
A melancholy colours “Faces Places,” too, in its blend of playfulness and gravity. In one scene, Varda visits the rural cemetery where the photographer Henri Cartier-Bresson is buried. JR asks if they fear death and Varda says she's looking forward to it.
“It's not in the film but they said because they would be afraid to do ‘the film de trop,' which means the one too much,” says JR. “For her, they already had their goodbye to cinema doing ‘Beaches of Agnes.' But we kind of got taken and at some point we thought: maybe we have something worth sharing.”
“We tried to lighten. The world is such a mess, such a chaos. We decided we should not tell more about the chaos,” says Varda. “Maybe we are light. Maybe we like to smile. Maybe we love people so much that we want you to love them also.”
In November, the Academy Awards will honour Varda with a honorary Oscar, the latest in a parade of lifetime awards.
“It's ridiculous. I'm well known but still remain poor, with poor audiences and poor box office. It's like a consolation,” says Varda. “My daughter says I should go. But it's the side Oscar. It's not even in February. It's in November. I think it's the Oscar of the poor. I'm flattered but not that much.”
Varda has long been an inspirational, pioneering figure for women directors. When they began making movies, they estimate, there were three women filmmakers in France.
“When I started, my point was not to be a woman. I wanted to do radical cinema,” says Varda. “Now, France is a country where 25 per cent of the filmmakers are women. We have an incredible amount of women films directors and DPs. More than here, I have to say. Because we have pushed the idea that they can do it, that there's no reason they can't do it. All the jobs of filmmaking can be made by women. And they are smart. And they are strong.”
Varda is still going strong, too. The morning after arriving in New York, Varda and their daughter Rosalie hustled to the Whitney Museum to see the exhibit of Calder's mobiles. Varda, who made a short film about Calder in the '50s, gazed in wonder at the mobiles as they swirled above them
“I try not to sleep,” they say with a glint in their eye. “Not yet.”
——
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
BOSTON — It wasn't so long ago that Boston College and Virginia Tech built a rivalry — first in the Big East and then in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
With quarterbacks like Michael Vick, Matt Ryan and Tyrod Taylor, the schools played some classic thrillers and met in back-to-back ACC championship games in 2007 and '08. Since then, both programs have struggled, and only one has managed to turn things around.
Virginia Tech is ranked No. 16 in The Associated Press Top 25, falling four spots after a loss to No. 2 and defending national champion Clemson. The Hokies (4-1, 0-1 ACC) will try to bounce back against BC (2-3, 0-2), a team they beat 49-0 last year in the biggest blowout in the history of the matchup.
“You kind of find out a little bit about yourself when you have a setback, a little bit of adversity, and our kids have always responded to that situation,” Virginia Tech defensive co-ordinator Bud Foster said this week. “And we're going to have to this week, because we've got a team in BC that probably feels like they have to win.”
The Clemson loss left the defending Coastal Division champions looking up in the standings at four schools. The Hokies could still return to the ACC title game if they win out, but another loss could be devastating to those hopes.
“When you start getting into conference play, every game is a playoff game,” Foster said. “It's always been a tough environment for us to go up there and play, and it's going to be on a Saturday night and they'll have had a full day to get ready and rock ‘n' roll. So we're going to have to get ready to go play a heck of a football game.”
Here are some other things to look for in Saturday night's game between BC and Virginia Tech.
READING BETWEEN THE LINES?
Steve Addazio has a 26-30 record at BC, including a 2015 season in which the Eagles failed to win a single ACC game. A signature victory over a ranked team could help them convince new athletic director Martin Jarmond to keep them around.
Addazio made a not-so-subtle case to stay this week when they turned a question about the Virginia Tech rivalry into an ode to former Hokies coach Frank Beamer.
“They were on their last legs. And they hung in there with them, and they were able to build it and turn it around,” Addazio said. “And they would tell you that, that they hung in there with them and gave them an opportunity to recruit it and hang in there and build. And they got over the hump.”
Defence RESTS
Boston College arrived at Lane Stadium last season with the nation's third-stingiest defence, allowing just 180 yards per game. But Jerod Evans threw five touchdown passes, and the Hokies racked up 476 total yards.
“We went down there in a pretty hostile environment, and we got beat. A lot of people got beat,” Addazio said. “Our goal is to learn from our mistakes. But dwell on them? No.”
ACTION JACKSON
Josh Jackson is a dual threat at quarterback for the Hokies and may use their feet more against the Eagles' highly ranked pass defence. Since running for 101 yards in the Hokies' opener against No. 23 West Virginia, Jackson has added just 56 more rushing yards in the last four games.
The Eagles are fourth nationally in pass defence efficiency and 12th in the country in passing yards allowed per game. But they have allowed 29 points per game, 12th in the ACC alone.
WOUNDED LION
With the loss to Clemson, the Hokies are behind Georgia Tech (2-0 in the ACC) and No. 13 Miami (1-0) in the division. Virginia Tech plays both on the road this season.
——
More college football coverage at http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.Twitter.com/AP–Top25
A horse that was trapped in a mud pit in southeastern Florida has been freed, thanks to some diligent firefighters.
Palm Beach County firefighters received a call early Monday morning about a horse stuck in the mud in The Acreage, Florida, an unincorporated area near West Palm Beach. When they first arrived on the scene, firefighters found the horse stuck in the mud up to its belly.
#BreakingNews @PBCFR on location of horse stuck in mud in #acreage #specialoperations & Battalion 2 crews working on freeing horse pic.twitter.com/IQk1zyl9Ut — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
"Firefighters ... started working on digging the horse from the mud using hand tools and keeping the scared horse calm during the rescue," Captain Albert Borroto, public information officer with the Palm Beach County Fire Rescue, told ABC News.
According to firefighters, a local veterinarian sedated the horse in order to get it out safely.
Horse Cmd *update* straps are around horse, #firefighters preparing to start pulling horse from mud pic.twitter.com/LvX0p7glue — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
"Using training learned in equestrian rescue classes, the crews were able to get the rescue straps around the animal and prepare to pull it from the mud with a pulley system," Borroto said.
Horse Cmd *update2* Vet on location has sedated horse, #firefighters pulling horse from mud pic.twitter.com/eKjWGDpYIx — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
It took about an hour to get the horse out.
"The 25-year-old horse named Skip was evaluated by the veterinarian and is doing well," Borroto said.
Horse Cmd*update3* horse safely out of mud, sedation has worn off and they are being evaluated by veterinarian on location pic.twitter.com/YaVXz9ubNn — PBC Fire Rescue (@PBCFR) April 17, 2017
Authorities have not released how the horse became stuck in the mud or if it has been claimed by someone in the area.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — A guilty plea is expected from a man charged with providing the gun used to kill two Ohio police officers.
Federal prosecutors say 30-year-old Gerald Lawson, of suburban Cleveland, bought the handgun that 31-year-old Quentin Smith used in the February slayings of Westerville officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli.
A record of a plea agreement was filed in federal court last week and Judge Edmund Sargus scheduled a change of plea hearing for Thursday. The U.S. attorney's office declined comment until the hearing. A message was left for Lawson's attorney.
A criminal complaint says Smith gave Lawson the money to buy the gun last summer along with $100 for completing the transaction. Smith wasn't allowed to have weapons because of a previous burglary conviction.
MODESTO, Calif. — A Northern California city has agreed to pay $2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after their family called 911.
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force.
Shergill was killed after their sister-in-law called 911 and said they were a paranoid schizophrenic who was “going crazy” and was attacking their mother. Shergill's family says they suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s.
Officers fatally shot Shergill as they walked through their neighbourhood after they said they charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
——
Information from: The Sacramento Bee, http://www.sacbee.com
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Police have identified Alek Minassian, 25, a resident of Richmond Hill, Ont. as the suspect of the deadly van attack in Toronto which killed ten people and injured at least 15 others.
The rented white Ryder van climbed on a sidewalk curb and drove into pedestrians in north Toronto's busy Yonge Street as many people typically were out having lunch. The path of the deadly van attack stretched for nearly one kilometre. The police arrested them after he'd left their vehicle, attempted to flee the scene and was briefly confronted by police.
Here is everything we know:
Van attacker appeared to want police to shoot them
They pointed what appeared to be a gun in their hand. Despite numerous threats from the suspect warning that they had a gun in their pocket and aiming a dark object at the officer, the police officer who confronted them didn't fire their sidearm, which was praised by law enforcement and people following the story.
A tow truck driver who witnessed the confrontation told CityNews that the officer repeatedly told the suspect to “drop it” while the suspect responding by yelling, “kill me.” Eventually, the suspect dropped the object and laid down on the sidewalk. They were quickly was taken into handcuffs and arrested.
The motive for the attack isn't known at this time but did appear to be deliberate.
Suspect charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder
Minassian appeared in a North York court Tuesday morning and was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said that it was still too early to suggest a motive but told reporters that, “the city is safe.”
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale told reporters that the events were “horrendous”, there was no threat to national security, on Monday night. Prime Minister Trudeau echoed those same sentiments while responding to reporters Monday morning.
On Monday night, Toronto Police had begun investigating the home of the alleged van attacker in Richmond Hill, Ont.
Police now inside home of Toronto van suspect. Alek Minassian lives in Richmond Hill, north of Toronto. (Picture by CBC's Natalie Nanowski). pic.twitter.com/DGPAB8VfZa — CBC News Alerts (@CBCAlerts) April 23, 2018
Seneca College student and app developer
A LinkedIn profile identified Minassian as a Seneca College student from 2011 to 2018, which was relatively close to where the attack took place. The social networking site also described them as focused on computer science.
On the Google Play Store, an app designed to help people find parking spots in the Toronto area has Minassian listed as its developer.
They were described as socially awkward and possibly suffering from a mental or social disability by three of their former classmates, The Globe and Mail reported. They were also never seen as someone with any violent tendencies or religious or political affiliations or strong views on anything.
Suspect allegedly researched other attacks
NBC News reported that Minassian had allegedly researched and spoke online about the 2014 Isla Vista massacre in California, where 22-year-old Elliot Rodger killed six people and injured 14 others.
One of the victims identified as Anne Marie D'Amico
While police have been asking the public for help in identifying victims, City News is reporting that Anne Marie D'Amico, an Invesco employee at a U.S.-based investment management firm was one of the victims.
They were one of the people taken to Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre but pronounced dead in hospital.
D'Amico had worked with Tennis Canada and the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto which posted tributes for them A GoFundMe page had been set up for all of the victims and has raised over $15,000 by Tuesday morning.
More to come.
MORE ABOUT TORONTO VAN ATTACK:
NEW YORK (AP) — After they lost their home in Puerto Rico to flooding during Hurricane Maria, Enghie Melendez fled with their family to the U.S. mainland with three suitcases and the hope it wouldn't take long to rebuild their lives. It hasn't worked out that way.
More than four months later, the family of five is squeezed into two rooms in a hotel in Brooklyn. While their husband looks for work, they are stuck in limbo, eating off paper plates and stepping over clothes in cramped quarters as they try to get settled in an unfamiliar city.
"After the hurricane hit we told the kids that every day was going to be an adventure, but not like this," said the 43-year-old Melendez. "This is turning out to be really hard."
Around the U.S., many Puerto Ricans are similarly adrift in hotels because of the Sept. 20 hurricane. The move north spared them from the misery of the storm's aftermath on the island. But the transition has often proved to be difficult, disruptive and expensive as people try to find housing, jobs, schools and even furniture and clothes to start fresh on the mainland.
Melendez and their family shuffled between staying with relatives to a homeless shelter to a small hotel in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, forcing them to change schools for their three daughters in the middle of the semester.
"The instability is terrible," they said as their husband, who worked as a cook at an Army base near San Juan, used a glass bottle to mash plantains to make a traditional Puerto Rican dish.
Adding to the worries for large numbers of Puerto Ricans is that hotel reimbursements from the Federal Emergency Management Agency have started to run out and many say they can't afford temporary housing without assistance.
"It's stressful," said Yalitza Rodriguez, a 35-year-old from the southern Puerto Rico town of Yauco who has been staying at a hotel in Queens with their elderly mother and husband while they look for work. "If we don't get an extension we will have nowhere to live."
Maria destroyed between 70,000 and 75,000 homes and damaged an additional 300,000, said Leticia Jover, a spokesperson for Puerto Rico's Housing Department. The effects of the storm included the widespread loss of power, which is still not restored in some places. Many businesses closed. The result has been an exodus to the mainland.
The Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College estimated in an October study that between 114,000 and 213,000 Puerto Ricans would move to the U.S. mainland over the next 12 months. Most were expected to settle in Florida, followed by Pennsylvania, Texas and New York.
FEMA says there are nearly 4,000 families, more than 10,000 people, receiving hotel assistance from the agency in 42 states because their homes in Puerto Rico are too damaged to occupy. The agency extended the expiration for the program from Jan. 13 to March 20 at the request of the island's governor, but all cases are reviewed for eligibility every 30 days and the payments could end for some people sooner. It's impossible to know how many are in temporary housing without any aid or staying with families.
Leslie Rivera, from the central town of Caguas, has been shuffling among hotels in Tampa, Florida, since December with their three kids, ages 13, 10 and 2. They were approved for subsidized housing and expects to be settled soon but it has been difficult.
"I feel like I am on the streets because I have no clothes. I have nothing for my kids," the 35-year-old said with tears in their eyes.
Marytza Sanz, president of Latino Leadership Orlando, which has been helping displaced families, said many don't know where they will go after FEMA stops paying for their rooms.
"There are people with five dollars in their pockets," they said. "They can't buy detergent, deodorant, medicine."
In Kissimmee, in central Florida, Desiree Torres feels nervous. They have spent more than two months in a hotel with their three children. They say they can't find a job and several local shelters have told them there is no space for them and their children.
"I can't sleep at night," said the 30-year-old Torres, who lost their home in Las Piedras, a southeastern town near where the eye of the storm first crossed the island. "I'm worried about my kids."
After the hurricane, Melendez and their family were forced to sleep for more than three weeks in their garage because of flooding and sewage that entered the home. They left their four dogs with a friend and managed to get on a humanitarian flight. They spent 10 days at Melendez's father-in-law's Manhattan apartment and a month and a half in a Brooklyn shelter. A Puerto Rican activist helped them enter the hotel.
"My kids were in a Manhattan school. We would wake up before 5 a.m. at the shelter to take them there. Now they are in a Brooklyn school," they said. "Where will they be tomorrow?"
For now, they survive on a $1,700 monthly disability payment that Melendez receives along with about $300 a month in food stamps.
Them 16-year-old daughter, Enghiemar, does their homework on the floor of the hotel room and tries to keep in touch with friends back home by text.
"I always wanted to come and live here," they said. "But not like this."
___
Associated Press writers Gisela Salomon in Miami and Tamara Lush in Tampa, Florida, contributed to this report.
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
The men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rhiannon Giddens performs during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Rita Moreno and Natalie Cortez perform during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). A Massachusetts State Police officer stands watch during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
NEW YORK (AP) - With fireworks thundering across night skies and backyard barbecues, Americans are celebrating Independence Day by participating in time-honored traditions that express pride in their country's 242nd birthday.
But this quintessential American holiday will also be marked with a sense of a United States divided for some - evidenced by competing televised events in the nation's capital.
From New York to California, July Fourth festivities will be at times lively and lighthearted, with Macy's July Fourth fireworks and Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest.
The day's events will also be stately and traditional, with parades lining streets across the country and the world's oldest commissioned warship firing a 21-gun salute to mark the 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
For some Western states, however, the holiday will be a bit more muted as high wildfire danger forces communities to cancel fireworks displays.
Here are highlights of Wednesday's festivities so far:
___
A HISTORIC PARADE
Crowds are lining the streets in a Rhode Island town to see what's billed as the nation's oldest continuous Fourth of July celebration. Begun in 1785, the Bristol parade typically attracts about 100,000 people to the seaside town.
This year's will be a scorcher.
When the parade kicked off at 10:30 a.m., the temperature was hovering near 90 degrees. The Providence Journal reports there will be water stations along the 2.5-mile route and medical personnel will watch the marchers for signs of heat illnesses.
The fire chief told the newspaper it has been a few years since it has been this hot during the parade.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo, U.S. Sen. Jack Reed, U.S. Rep. David Cicilline and other officials plan to march.
___
The USS Constitution will sail in Boston Harbor and fire their guns again to mark Independence Day.
The plan was for the world's oldest commissioned warship to leave its berth at the Charlestown Navy Yard on Wednesday and glide through the harbor to mark 242 years since the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
The ship nicknamed "Old Ironsides" was to travel to Fort Independence on Castle Island and fire a 21-gun salute.
The 101st Field Artillery from the Massachusetts National Guard was to return the salute.
An additional 17-gun salute will fire as the Constitution passes the U.S. Coast Guard Station, the former site of the shipyard where the vessel was built in 1797.
___
DUELING CELEBRATIONS
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition - PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn - is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
___
LIGHTING UP THE NIGHT SKIES
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast.
But some places in the West have canceled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger and others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics.
In Colorado, the wildfire danger forced some communities to cancel their fireworks. However, other shows will still go as planned in Denver, Colorado Springs and Fort Collins.
The small mountain town of Silverton, in southwestern Colorado, called off the fireworks part of its annual Independence Day party, but the rest of Wednesday's celebration is still on, including live music and a parade that ends with a water fight with firefighters. Aspen will have a fire-proof drone light display above town.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BEIRUT (AP) — Lebanon's police say they have detained a Syrian citizen who was a military commander with the Islamic State group in the central Syrian province of Homs.
The Internal Security Forces said in a statement Tuesday that the man was detained earlier this month in the northern town of Zgharta after entering Lebanon illegally from Syria.
It identified them as a Syrian citizen born in 1982 without giving their name.
The statement said the IS fighter confessed to being "a military cadre" who took part in many battles in Syria including the capture of the historic town of Palmyra that the extremists held for months and destroyed some of its invaluable archaeological sites.
IS carried out many deadly attacks in Lebanon in recent years that left scores dead.
NANS Secures Insurance Policy for students in Tertiary Institutions
ADEBIYI ADEDAPO,
Leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has secured an insurance policy for students of tertiary institutions across the country, to discourage the scourge of school drop-outs in case of death of parents or sponsors.
NANS President, Comrade Kadiri Aruna in a statement noted that the student body entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the African Assurance Plc for a unique Insurance package for students. This insurance package is the first of its kind because it targets parents/guardians/sponsors.
The insurance package, according to Haruna, covers subscribers the case of death or permanent disability of a students' sponsor.
“The insurance company will pay the student a premium of the sum of one hundred thousand (N100,000.00) only every academic session till graduation.”
“The policy also provides for an extra two years of benefit to address cases of academic spill-over, National Youth Service delays and other academic eventualities,” they stated.
The package is sold for two thousand naira (N2,000.00) only per academic session.
Meanwhile, Haruna announced the that the NANS Senate which Sat on 19-21, 2017 at Emmanuel Alayande college of Education Oyo, Oyo State ratified the insurance policy and urges students to buy into it to safeguard their educational future.
Meanwhile, a bye-election was held to fill the vacant positions in the NANS executive. Comrade Oderaa Oduche emerged the National Treasurer, Okereafor Bestman Opeyemi was elected as the National Public Relations Officer and Ali Egbesola was returned as the Vice President External Affairs.
The post NANS Secures Insurance Policy for students in Tertiary Institutions appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — The snow sure suits Shady.
LeSean McCoy scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime to secure the Buffalo Bills' 13-7 win over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday in a wintry, white-out setting best suited for snow shoes and sled dogs.
Mush!
They finished with 156 yards rushing, a career-best in their two-plus seasons in Buffalo. And it came nearly four years to the day the former Philadelphia running back set the Eagles franchise record with 217 yards rushing, also in a snowstorm.
“Is that right?” McCoy said when reminded of their feat.
“This is probably the best snow game I have ever played in,” they said. “Now, I'm no expert at it. I just run how I feel. And that's what I did today.”
McCoy's touchdown led to the Bills' sideline erupting in celebration. Some players ran on the field to make snow angels . Others playfully engaged in snowball fights.
And then there was McCoy, who was mobbed by numerous teammates in the corner of the stands, where fans tossed up handfuls of snow as if it was confetti.
McCoy's touchdown capped Buffalo's second possession of overtime, and after receiver Deonte Thompson reached to their right to make a 35-yard catch while being interfered with by Kenny Moore.
Three plays later, facing third-and-2, McCoy burst through the middle, made a cut to their left and ran untouched into the end zone.
“Buffalo weather, right?” Bills coach Sean McDermott said. “I've been part of some wind and some rain games. I think we had all but sun today.”
There was even a dose of “thundersnow,” a meteorological event that occasionally accompanies lake-effect enhanced snowstorm. Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed early in the third quarter, but the game was not stopped.
As much as two feet of snow was in the forecast when the storm hit about 90 minutes before kickoff. Within an hour, the flakes fell so fast that fans sitting in New Era Field's east-end stands were unable to make out the large video scoreboard directly across from them.
Punted balls stuck in the snow. Colts receiver Chester Rogers disappeared into a snowbank in the end zone after being unable to stop on a deep pass from Jacoby Brissett. Rogers made the catch, but couldn't keep both feet inbounds.
A parade of stadium workers regularly made their way on the field with snow blowers on their backs to uncover the yard lines.
So much snow accumulated on the roof of the first-level suites that fans began building snowmen.
Mother Nature played havoc with any semblance of a game plan, leaving both teams to lean heavily on their running attacks.
McCoy upped their season total to 1,007 in reaching the 1,000-yard mark for the sixth time of their 13-year career.
The Colts were led by Frank Gore, who finished with 130 yards rushing on a career-high 36 carries.
Buffalo (7-6) stayed alive in the AFC playoff picture, while the Colts (3-10) were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
“Tough one to say the least. I'm so disappointed and sick for these guys,” Colts coach Chuck Pagano said.
After squandering double-digit leads in the second half four times already this season, the Colts found a different way to blow an outcome.
First, there was an offensive pass interference penalty against Colts receiver Kamar Aiken to negate what would've been a two-point conversion with 1:16 left. It happened after Brissett capped a 19-play, 77-yard march with a 3-yard touchdown to Jack Doyle.
That led to the Colts scrambling to settle for a 43-yard extra point into the wind. Indianapolis used its final timeout for players to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri.
The NFL's oldest player hit a 43-yard wobbler that hooked in from the right and just sneaked over the crossbar.
Vinatieri, however, missed a field-goal wide left from the exact same spot with 1 second remaining after the Colts regained possession when Matthias Farley intercepted Webb's pass over the middle with 52 seconds left.
Pagano blamed themselves for the missed field goal.
“End of the game, that's on me. We should've won that thing,” Pagano said. “They deserve better.”
QUARTERBACKS
Colts: Brissett went 11 of 22 for 69 yards and had three carries for 10 yards.
Bills: Rookie Nathan Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who was sidelined by a bruised left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England last weekend. Webb finished 2 of 6 for 35 yards and an interception.
ON THE RUN
Gore finished with a career-high 36 carries for 130 yards. It was their first 100-yard game in 15 outings, since gaining 101 yards in a 34-6 win at Miami on Dec. 12. It was also Gore's 42nd career 100-yard game, tying them with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list.
The 97 combined rushing attempts were the most in an NFL game since the Chiefs and Bears combined for 100 attempts in Week 10 of the 1981 season.
UP NEXT
Colts: Host Denver Broncos on Thursday night.
Bills: Close out home schedule hosting Miami Dolphins on Dec. 17.
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
If you think your teen may be ready for their first babysitting job, but you want them to have some guidelines — there's a class for that i…
CORVALLIS, Ore. — Oregon State came out flat on Saturday night, but took control of a close game thanks to defensive intensity, according to coach Wayne Tinkle.
“It's funny how things carry over on the offensive end when you play hard on D,” Tinkle added.
Tres Tinkle and Drew Eubanks each scored 19 points as Oregon State pulled away from Arkansas Pine-Bluff in the second half for an 85-58 win on Saturday night.
Ethan Thompson added 14 points, seven rebounds and six assists and Stephen Thompson Jr. had 12 points and a career-high eight assists for the Beavers (6-3), who won their fourth straight.
Travon Harper had 20 points and 10 rebounds before fouling out and Joe'Randle Toliver added 12 points on four 3-pointers for the Golden Lions (0-10). UAPB has the longest active losing streak in Division I at 16 games, dating to last season.
“We're still building our chemistry, getting everything together. We're going to be right there come conference time,” said assistant coach Richard Cannon, who led UAPB.
Cannon did not elaborate on head coach George Ivory's absence. But they added that the Golden Lions' 19 turnovers were far too many and that foul trouble by big men caused their team to be outrebounded 35-22.
Oregon State went ahead 15-4 to open the game, but Arkansas Pine-Bluff chipped away. The Golden Lions briefly took a 29-28 lead with about 3 minutes left in the first half after a 7-0 run.
The Beavers led 37-34 at the break.
Oregon State gradually stretched the lead in the second half, then went on a 19-0 surge, as UAPB went scoreless for five-plus minutes to make the score 76-49. Alfred Hollins had six points during the run, including a highlight dunk after Tres Tinkle poked the ball loose from the Golden Lions.
“It started because we had some stops, and we got out in transition a little bit,” Wayne Tinkle said.
Hollins finished with 13 points.
Arkansas-Pine Bluff shot 54 per cent in the first half but only 36 per cent in the second half. Oregon State shot 51 per cent for the game.
BIG PICTURE
Arkansas-Pine Bluff: Martaveous McKnight came into Saturday's game leading the Golden Lions with 17.9 points per game. They had four points against Oregon State. . Artavious McDyess, a forward/centre who had two points and four rebounds off the bench on Saturday, is the son of former NBA player Antonio McDyess.
Oregon State: The Beavers winning streak has come with Seth Berger's first four games in the starting lineup. Berger, a senior forward, is playing their first season with Oregon State after transferring from Massachusetts. They had four points, four rebounds and three assists on Saturday. . The last time Oregon State had a four-game winning streak was nearly two years ago, in 2015-16.
JUNKYARD DOG: Wayne Tinkle said they want a few junkyard dogs for their defence, and Ethan Thompson can play that part at times. Eubanks credited the first-year student for the decisive second half surge. “He made it a point to try and get stops and spark a run. . That kind of energy just feeds the rest of the guys out there,” Eubanks said.
GETTING HEALTHY: Cannon said Harper is getting healthy again after off-season hip surgery. “He's finally coming back to their real self. That's what they can bring night-in, night-out,” Cannon added. They estimated that Harper was still only at 75 per cent, but should be closer to 90 per cent by the start of conference play.
UP NEXT
Arkansas-Pine Bluff plays at Fresno State on Wednesday.
Oregon State hosts Jacksonville State on Tuesday.
WASHINGTON — Melania Trump is hosting executives from major online and social media companies to discuss cyberbullying and internet safety, more than a year after saying that would be their issue as first lady.
The meeting Tuesday marks their first public event on the topic, a choice some observers have questioned given that their husband often berates people on Twitter.
Amazon, Snap, Facebook, Google and Twitter are among the companies that are expected to attend the meeting. The Internet Association said it will also be represented.
All the major technology companies have strict policies prohibiting harassment and other bullying behaviour on their services, but primarily rely on users to report abuses and weed them out. They try to clearly spell out the kinds of remarks and other posts that won't be tolerated in special sections such as one Facebook, the largest online social network, has set up. Instagram, a popular service among kids and young adults for sharing photos and videos, provides links to the U.S. government's anti-bullying site and tips from a cyberbullying research centre on one of its help pages.
But the efforts so far have fallen short, leading to rampant abuses that even some of the companies acknowledge have driven away or tormented portions of their audience.
It got so bad on Twitter, which has 68 million U.S. users, that the San Francisco company vowed last fall to crack down on hateful tweets. Among other things, Twitter adopted new policies aimed at protecting women who unknowingly or unwillingly had nude pictures of themselves distributed online — a common bullying tactic.
Yik Yak, another messaging app once popular among high school and college students, shut down last year partly because schools banned it following complaints about bullying and harassment.
Online bullying takes many shapes, but some of the most common tactics include posting embarrassing or salacious photos, making demeaning or cruel remarks under a photo or in a general post about someone, and sharing screenshots of what at least one person thought was a private text.
Harassment is widespread and extends beyond teenagers. A Pew Research Center poll last year found 41 per cent of U.S. adults believed they had been harassed online.
The popularity of and volume of content on major social media sites presents a huge challenge in policing what is being shared. Facebook, for instance, has 2.1 billion worldwide users who collectively share billions of posts on their pages daily. More than 300 hours of video is uploaded to Google's YouTube site every minute.
The companies are also constantly struggling to balance the desire to prevent harassment and other abuses and maintain a commitment to freedom of expression.
In some cases, they see harassment and still look the other way. For instance, some of President Trump's more vitriolic tweets have openly mocked and denigrated people, prompting calls for Twitter to shut down their account and ban them from its service. But Twitter has declined, maintaining the news value of the president's tweets eclipse complaints about them being a bully.
There is no federal law that applies to bullying. State laws vary, ranging from requiring public schools to have a bullying policy to requiring anonymous reporting systems, said Sameer Hinduja, co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center and professor of criminology at Florida Atlantic University. The federal government can best help by giving schools more tools and money to provide programs, Hinduja said.
Mrs. Trump announced in a speech near the end of the 2016 presidential campaign that their priority as first lady would be to fight cyberbullying. A native of Slovenia, they at the time lamented a U.S. culture that they said had grown “too mean and too rough.” It was a curious speech for a woman whose husband uses Twitter to dismiss people as losers and taunt them with unflattering nicknames.
The mother of a 12-year-old son, the first lady has made child well-being their focus in the White House, including an unexpected interest in how the opioid crisis is affecting youngsters.
They have visited hospitals and care centres to see the effects first hand, and has embraced parents whose children died from drug overdoses. They accompanied the president to New Hampshire on Monday as they discussed a three-pronged effort to combat drug addiction, including applying the death penalty against those caught trafficking highly addictive substances.
Mrs. Trump recently asked the spouses of U.S. governors to help promote values such as encouragement, kindness, compassion and respect in children. They have also spoken about limiting the amount of time children spend online, and helping them understand the content they are exposed to.
——
AP Business Writer Michael Liedtke in San Francisco contributed to this report.
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
(BJP) MP from Kairana seat, Hukum Singh died on Saturday in a hospital at Noida. They were 79 year old and was admitted to the hospital on January 21 due to health problems. Prime minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to condole the death of Singh. Mr Modi said that singh served people with diligence and worked for welfare of farmers.
Hukum Singh, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Kairana in Uttar Pradesh, passed away on Saturday in a hospital at Noida. They were 79 year old and was admitted to the hospital on January 21 due to health issues. Mr Singh was born in 1938. They served as a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly for seven terms. They had also been part of the Cabinet in Uttar Pradesh under both leading national parties – BJP and Congress.
Hukum Singh was a law graduate from Allahabad University. They had cracked PCS (J) exam back in 1963, but decided to not become a judicial officer. Mr Singh joined Indian Army as a Commissioned Officer after 1962 Indo-China war. They served as Captain in 1965 Pakistan war. After taking voluntary retirement from Army in 1969, they started practicing law in Muzaffarnagar (Uttar Pradesh). Talking about the political journey, Singh took a political plunge in 1974 and became an MLA for the first time on a Congress ticket. They , however, switched sides to join the forces with BJP from where they won a term as MP from Kairana seat in 2014 general elections.
Meanwhile, Prime minister Narendra Minister has expressed grief over Hukum Singh's death. “Anguished by the demise of MP and veteran leader from Uttar Pradesh, Shri Hukum Singh Ji. They served the people of UP with great diligence and worked for the welfare of farmers. My thoughts are with their family and supporters in this hour of grief,” the prime minister posted on micro-blogging site Twitter on Saturday after Singh's demise.
Can PDP survive gale of defection?
THE PROTRACTED leadership crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP has not only taken its toll on the party, but also on members of the party as many of the party faithful keep defecting to the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC for greener pasture. In fact, the bitterness, anger and distrust among its members has […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Heart & Sole Road Race was held at Riverside Park in Pittsville Tuesday evening.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
ALEXANDRIA, La. — Darian Dixon and Jalan West scored 14 points apiece and Northwestern State used a balanced attack to defeat D-III Louisiana College 88-58 on Saturday.
Larry Owens and Ishmael Lane added 13 points apiece for the Demons (3-5) with Lane grabbing 10 rebounds. West, who hit four 3-pointers, had nine assists.
Taylan Grogan had 15 points for the Wildcats, who used the game as an exhibition.
Northwestern State dominated this friendly rivalry that dates back to the 1914-15 seasons, even though they have played at different levels for almost 50 years. The Demons dominated the boards 46-27 with 16 coming on the offensive end. That led to 12 second-chance points and a 46-22 advantage on points in the paint. Louisiana had 22 turnovers that Northwestern State turned into 20 points.
After the Wildcats scored the first bucket, C.J. Jones and West hit 3-pointers to start a 9-0 run and the Demons steadily pulled away.
SWANSEA, Wales (AP) — An error by Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech and two goals by Sam Clucas helped Swansea to a 3-1 win that lifted the Welsh club off the bottom of the Premier League and out of the relegation zone on Tuesday.
Arsenal slipped eight points off the Champions League qualification positions on a night when new signing Henrikh Mkhitaryan made their debut as a substitute and Olivier Giroud came off the bench for possibly their farewell.
Cech miskicked a clearance straight at Jordan Ayew, who shot first time past the goalkeeper and into the corner to put Swansea 2-1 ahead in the 61st minute.
Clucas scored the clinching third goal in the 86th, having got Swansea back into the game with the equalizer in the 34th.
A minute earlier, Arsenal had taken the lead through Nacho Monreal, who converted a pass from Mesut Ozil.
With this result coming off the back of a 1-0 win over Liverpool, Swansea has claimed back-to-back wins over two of the biggest teams in the Premier League and is up to 17th place in the 20-team division.
Arsenal, though, is struggling to keep up with its established rivals and is in sixth place after 25 games.
Manager Arsene Wenger will hope the addition of Mkhitaryan, and the potential arrival of striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund, can spark an upturn in form.
Aubameyang is set to come into the squad in place of Giroud, who played the final 15 minutes before possibly leaving Wednesday on the final day of the January transfer window.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. (AP) - A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a man honored for their work helping to rebuild more than 200 homes after Superstorm Sandy.
The order Friday was issued by U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark in response to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and applies to Indonesians who have orders of removal dating to before 2009.
The order affects roughly 50 people in New Jersey who had identified themselves to Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2009 as part of a program to obtain work authorization and stays of deportation, according to the ACLU and Seth Kaper-Dale, co-pastor of a church where some of the immigrants sought sanctuary.
The lawsuit came after several enforcement actions by immigration authorities in New Jersey that targeted Indonesian Christians and rekindled fears in a community that includes people who left Indonesia years ago to escape religious persecution.
Two men were arrested last month after they dropped their children off at school. Harry Pangemanan, who has been in the country since 1993 and lives with their wife and two daughters in central New Jersey, sought sanctuary at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, where they are an elder and where they spent nine months in 2012 under similar circumstances.
Two other men, Arthur Jemmy and Yohanes Tasik, already were living there to avoid detention.
Salas ordered both sides to file briefs over the next month.
A spokesperson for ICE's Newark office didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Pangemanan has been staying in a room that doubles as a children's library at the church and had to move their belongings when the library is in use. Their family joined them recently after their home was broken into and vandalized after their name was included in news reports.
"We are trying to stay strong as a family, take one day at a time," they said in an interview with The Associated Press last week. "You do your best today, do something useful, and tomorrow is in god's hands."
Pangemanan came to the country in 1993 on a tourist visa that was to lapse in five years, they said. Their wife came in 1998 during a period of turmoil in Indonesia when Christians were being targeted. They cite that as one reason for not going back.
"A thousand churches were burned to the ground between 1996 and 2003," said Kaper-Dale, of the Highland Park church. "Some islands are safer than others, but it's too simple to say it's safe now."
Pangemanan concedes they didn't know enough about immigration law when they first arrived, and wasn't aware they had one year to apply for asylum. At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
"Nobody asked you, as long as you are a good man, you work hard and help your company, and you pay your taxes," they said. "You're working like everybody else, you don't bother anybody. Then everything changed after Sept. 11."
Working through the church after Sandy devastated the New Jersey coast in 2012, Pangemanan organized more than 2,000 volunteers, matching their skills with the needs of homeowners whose homes had been destroyed. They said they traveled to other areas of the country to perform similar work, including the Carolinas, West Virginia and Texas.
A system put in place after Sept. 11 required non-citizen men and boys from predominantly Arab or Muslim-majority countries to register and be photographed and fingerprinted.
Pangemanan and Jemmy said they complied, and have repeatedly tried to gain legal status since then, without success.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LISBON, Portugal — German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Portugal for a 24-hour official visit during which they will discuss the European Union's future with local officials.
Merkel flew Wednesday to the northern Portuguese city of Porto, where they were met by Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa.
They were due to inaugurate a research centre run by German auto parts manufacturer Bosch before visiting Porto University's Institute for Health Research and Innovation, where they were to meet with students.
On Thursday, Merkel is due in the capital city of Lisbon for talks with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa and with Costa before a lunchtime news conference.
Germany is one of Portugal's biggest foreign investors.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
NEW YORK — The New York Knicks are still trying to learn how to make winning plays down the stretch, no matter the opponent.
For starters, how to hold big leads in the fourth quarter. Or to make sure not to foul 3-point shooters. Or to limit easy opportunities at the free throw line.
They did none of this Sunday night and still escaped with a win over one of the worst teams in the NBA.
Kristaps Porzingis scored 30 points, Doug McDermott added 23 off the bench and the Knicks withstood a late push from the Atlanta Hawks for a 111-107 victory.
New York coach Jeff Hornacek stopped short of feeling relieved, one night after a road loss to the NBA-worst Chicago Bulls. Their team managed to hold off a fourth-quarter rally by the Hawks, who have the second-worst record in the league.
“It's never easy to win in the NBA no matter what the other team's record is,” Hornacek said. “We're still trying to learn things. I thought the end of the game was a good learning lesson for us.”
The Knicks appeared to have the game put away after three straight points from Jarrett Jack and Porzingis gave them a 101-92 lead with 3:46 left.
The Hawks then scored five consecutive points, including three free throws from Marco Belinelli, who was fouled as they attempted to hoist a 3-pointer, to make it 103-100 with 1:40 remaining. Porzingis answered with a quick basket at the other end to extend the Knicks' lead 105-100 before Ersan Ilyasova's layup drew Atlanta within three with 1:18 to play.
But the Knicks allowed the Hawks to make it interesting.
Jack was able to hit only one of two free throws, making it 109-106 with seven seconds left. Isaiah Taylor brought up the ball up the court and lost control of it near halfcourt before Kent Bazemore recovered. Bazemore was fouled with three seconds to go. After making the first free throw, they purposely missed the second one, but Porzingis sealed it with two free throws of their own.
“We made that game a lot more interesting down the stretch than we should have,” Jack said. “You know, we should have been able to close that thing out with two minutes to go and kind of been able to walk out of there kind of comfortable, feeling good and ready to move on to the next one.”
Jack scored a season-high 19 points for a Knicks team that had lost six of eight, including a 116-104 defeat at Atlanta on Nov. 30.
Despite sitting out the last eight minutes of the game, Dennis Schroder scored 21 points to lead Atlanta. Ilyasova added 20 for the Hawks, who are 3-11 away from home. Taurean Prince had 17 points and eight rebounds.
“Tough loss on the road,” coach Mike Budenholzer said. “We've just got to keep competing for more of the 48 minutes and stay together . and find a way to win on the road in a tough environment.”
The Hawks led 75-71 after Miles Plumlee's jumper with 1:28 left in the third quarter.
Porzingis answered with a pair of free throws that sparked an 11-0 run during a four-minute span. It ended with two free throws from Lance Thomas that increased New York's lead to 82-75 with 10:33 remaining in the fourth.
Atlanta missed six shots and committed two turnovers during that stretch before Schroder's layup with 9:53 left. The Hawks outscored the Knicks 7-2 to cut the margin to 84-82 with 9:04 to go.
TIP-INS
Hawks: Rookie power forward John Collins, who has been out due to a left shoulder strain sustained on Nov. 30, worked out before the game at Madison Square Garden. The 20-year-old first-round pick from Wake Forest was averaging 11.5 points and 7.1 rebounds and had started four straight games before going down with the injury.
Knicks: Porzingis had eight rebounds. … Ron Baker, who has fallen down the depth chart at point guard, logged a season-high 31 minutes, giving the Knicks a nice lift as they went with a small lineup down the stretch. The fan favourite scored nine points, including four free throws during 10 minutes of play in the final period.
30-30 CLUB
The Knicks improved to 7-2 when Porzingis scores 30 or more points.
ON SECOND THOUGHT
The Hawks are winless in the second game of a back-to-back, going 0-6 so far this season. Atlanta has eight more sets of back-to-back games on its schedule.
UP NEXT
Hawks: At the Cleveland Cavaliers on Tuesday.
Knicks: Host the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
TORONTO (AP) — Prince Harry says their late mother drew a spotlight to causes and issues that didn't get attention. Now he's following in their footsteps as they promote the Invictus Games for wounded veterans.
The 32-year-old prince said in an excerpt of an interview with Canada's CTV television network that Diana would put everybody before herself. They say they were very good at inviting and taking the cameras to causes and areas where they had never been before. Diana's handshake in the late 1980s with a man with AIDS amid the fears of that era is an example.
The Invictus Games were created by Prince Harry as a way to inspire and motivate wounded soldiers on their path to recovery. The 2017 Games will be held in Toronto this September.
Breaking: Ex-Katsina Gov. Shema remanded in EFCC custody
By Bashir Bello
KATSINA – THE former Katsina State Governor, Ibrahim Shehu Shema was on Tuesday remanded in Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC custody over alleged money laundering of N5.7bn SURE-P Funds.
The presiding judge at the Federal High Court in Katsina, Justice Babagana Ashigar gave the order at the Tuesday court sitting.
Ashigar said the former governor should be detained in the custody of the EFCC till 27th April, 2018 when it will hear the written application for their bail.
Shema had pleaded not guilty of the 26-count charges of the alleged money laundering leveled against them just as their lead counsel, Emmanuel Ukala SAN pleaded for their bail through a written application filed on the 18th April, 2018 and later oral application which the prosecution counsel, Sam Ologunorisa objected to the application.
The presiding judge, Ashigar however overruled the defendants oral application and fix 27th April, 2018 to hear the written application.
Ologunorisa objected the bail application saying the offence committed by the former governor, Shema was entitled to at least 7-years imprisonment without option of fines.
However, the former governor, Ibrahim Shehu Shema was arraigned over N5.7 billion fraud been leveled against them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) before a Federal High court in katsina.
The post Breaking: Ex-Katsina Gov. Shema remanded in EFCC custody appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MONTROSE, Pa. — A gas driller's ongoing feud with a Pennsylvania homeowner over the contamination of their water supply has once again entered a courtroom.
Houston-based Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. claims Dimock resident Ray Kemble and their former lawyers tried to extort the company through a frivolous lawsuit. The federal lawsuit, which was filed in April but withdrawn two months later, accused Cabot of polluting Kemble's water supply.
Cabot says the claims in Kemble's suit were the subject of a 2012 settlement between Cabot and dozens of Dimock residents, including Kemble. It's seeking monetary damages against Kemble and their former lawyers. The first hearing in the case was held Monday.
Kemble says Cabot is trying to use the legal system to shut down dissent.
Pennsylvania regulators previously held Cabot responsible for polluting residential water wells in Dimock.
Name:
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghanacrusader.com
2017-10-06
President Nana Akufo-Addo
President Akufo-Addo has called on Ghanaians to help them and their New Patriotic Party (NPP) government to end fertiliser smuggling in the country.
According to Nana Addo, whenever something good is happening to all of us, there will always be a few greedy evil people who would wish to pervert the good things for their selfish gains.
President Akufo-Addo made this known while interacting with residents of Bolgatanga on Thursday, 5th, October, 2017.
They noted that, “I need your help. I need the help of you and your community to keep an eye out and cooperate with the law enforcement agencies to stop the smuggling.”
According to him, they will put laws in place to deal accordingly with persons who smuggle fertiliser to neighbouring countries adding that it is essential they don't allow a few people to destroy the good thing we have.
Nana Addo stressed on the Planting for Jobs and Programme initiative they introduced stating that is one of the best way of transforming Agriculture in the country.
By Alex Young | Evening Standard |
An Egyptian lawyer has filed a €1 billion lawsuit against Sergio Ramos for the challenge which injured Mohamed Salah in the Champions League final.
Salah was forced off in tears with a suspected ligament damage of their shoulder, which ended Liverpool's early dominance in Kiev as Real Madrid went on to win 3-1.
Initial fears had Salah ruled out of the World Cup – Jurgen Klopp said post-match that is been likely they will miss the tournament – but the player is now “confident” of taking part.
Lawyer Bassem Wahba is keen to press ahead with the lawsuit, confirming their intention on Egyptian television.
“Ramos intentionally injured Mo Salah and should be punished about their actions,” they claimed on the Sada El-Balad channel.
“I've filed a lawsuit and a complaint to Fifa.
“I'll ask for compensation, which could exceed €1 billion (£873 million), for the physical and psychological harm that Ramos gave Salah and the Egyptian people.”
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured.
Frazier said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville.
Close Get email notifications on Connor Behrens daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Connor Behrens posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
WASHINGTON — The White House says President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron have exchanged condolences for attacks in both their countries.
Macron expressed their sympathies over the shooting spree Sunday in Las Vegas. Trump conveyed their condolences regarding a knife attack in Marseille, France, the same day. Two women were stabbed to death.
The White House says the two leaders discussed joint counterterrorism operations in Africa and ways to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. They spoke, too, of ways to keep Iran from making or obtaining nuclear weapons.
Now that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is full staffed -- with two new appointees by President Trump filling out the five-member board -- the PennEast Pipeline Company is asking the commission to quickly approve its plan to build a 120-mile natural gas pipeline from northeast Pennsylvania to Mercer County, New Jersey.
The project, which would cut though Northampton and Hunterdon counties, remains controversial. PennEast says it's time for the agency to give its blessing, following a final Environmental Impact Statement that found it would have no significant impact on the region. The company says the pipeline will make gas prices more competitive and gas service more reliable.
Opponents say the project still faces major hurdles, and has yet to receive a permit from the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. One opposition group, ReThink Energy NJ, asked FERC to deny PennEast's request and schedule an evidentiary hearing on the project. Even with FERC approval, PennEast would still need OKs from both states, the Delaware River Basin Commission and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
A spokesperson for FERC said the commission's next meeting is Sept. 20, and could take up the issue then. But it also has the power to act on approvals outside a formal meeting.
What do you think? Now that the commission can assemble a quorum, should it move ahead and approve the PennEast project? Should it hold off and consider ongoing objections? Have a say in our informal poll, and feel free to join the conversation in the comments section.
Court Remands 5 For Illegal Importation Of 661 Pump-Action Rifles
BY OLUGBENGA SOYELE,
Justice Ayokunle Faji of Federal High Court in Lagos remanded five men, who allegedly imported 661 pump-action rifles into the country without lawful authority in prison custody.
The judge gave the order after the accused persons: Mahmud Hassan, Oscar Okafor, Donatus Achinulo, Matthew Okoye, said be at large, and Salihu Danjuma, were arraigned before them by the federal government on an eight count charge of conspiracy, importation of prohibited firearms, forgery, uttering of forged documents, and bribery.
The accused persons, who were arrested on January 21, 1017 at Nigerian Port Authority in Lagos by men of the Nigeria Customs Service, were said to have brought the rifles into the country from Turkey in Lagos, using a 40-feet container, which they falsely claimed contained steel doors.
The government also claimed that in order to facilitate the illegal importation, the accused allegedly forged a number of documents including a bill of lading, a Form M and a Pre-Arrival Assessment Report.
According to the prosecution, in order to evade payment of Customs duty, the accused allegedly forged a bill of lading issued at Istanbul on January 9, 2017, falsely claiming that it was issued at Shanghai, China.
In the forged bill of lading, they allegedly filled “steel door” as the content of the container instead of rifles.
The prosecution also alleged that the first accused, Hassan, corruptly gave N1m to government officials at the Apapa Port in order to prevent the search of the container by Customs officials.
The offences were said to be contrary to sections 1(2)(c), 1(14) (a)(i) and 3(6) of the Miscellaneous Offences Act Cap M17, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2014.
The accused, however, pleaded not guilty to all the counts.
The trial judge, Justice Faji has adjourned till September 12, 2017 for definite hearing.
The post Court Remands 5 For Illegal Importation Of 661 Pump-Action Rifles appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
While the Xbox One X is a tough sell for us, we think the 4K experience on the Xbox One S (which doesn't allow for 4K gaming, but does upscale graphics and supports HDR) is definitely worth it if you're in the market for a new console. Adding (long overdue) 4K YouTube support just makes it even better. If you have the console, you'll see the updated YouTube app this week, or if you're impatient, you can download it from the Windows Store today.
Disney / Marvel
In 1967, during the first Super Bowl, a 30-second commercial cost $37,500. Now if you want to advertise your beer, truck, and/or dog food during Super Bowl LII, it will set you back a cool $5 million. For massive corporations, though, that's a small price to pay to have 111 million viewers eyeballing your product. That's why Disney and Paramount are preparing to debut much-anticipated movie trailers during the game on Sunday. But for which movies?
We have some guesses (hint: it's not Star Wars!).
Avengers: Infinity War, Black Panther, The Incredibles 2, and A Wrinkle In Time
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Chance of trailer: 100 percent for two; zero percent for two
According to Deadline, Disney will “run a 30-second and 45-second spot.” One of them is likely to go to Black Panther, which comes out February 16 (there's also a Lexus commercial), while the other, longer spot is a toss-up between A Wrinkle In Time (March 9), Avengers: Infinity War (May 4), and The Incredibles 2 (June 15). My money's on the Pixar sequel: Avengers: Infinity War would distract from the Black Panther hype, while A Wrinkle In Time recently got a new trailer. We've seen almost nothing from The Incredibles 2, outside of an intriguing teaser (which premiered during a football game, natch) last year.
Cloverfield: God Particle
Paramount Pictures
Chance of trailer: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When it comes to Cloverfield movies, don't believe until you see. God Particle was supposed to come out February 2017; now it's scheduled for an April 2018 release, although it's unclear whether the J.J. Abrams-produced film will be released into theaters or straight to Netflix. Hopefully, we'll find out on Sunday.
Deadpool 2
Marvel
Chance of trailer: Zero percent
20th Century Fox, Sony, and Warner Bros. are all reportedly taking the Super Bowl off, so no Deadpool 2, The Predator, Ready Player One, Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, Ocean's 8, or, ironically, Game Night.
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
Universal
Chance of trailer: 100 percent
Not just one teaser either, but “multiple spots.”
Mission Impossible: Fallout and A Quiet Place
Your mission, should you choose to accept it: Retweet to be one of the first to see the new @MissionFilm Fallout trailer this Sunday. #MissionImpossible pic.twitter.com/u4tblcCVbs — Mission: Impossible (@MissionFilm) February 1, 2018
Chance of trailer: 100 percent
Paramount Pictures purchased two 30-second spots: one for Mission: Impossible – Fallout, featuring Tom Cruise dangling from a helicopter, and another for the John Krasinski and Emily Blunt-starring horror movie A Quiet Place. They will air during the pre-game and final half hour of the game.
Skyscraper
The first look at @TheRock's new movie #Skyscraper. Check back for the full trailer Sunday during the Super Bowl. pic.twitter.com/XFrZkFkrHO — Rotten Tomatoes (@RottenTomatoes) February 1, 2018
Chance of trailer: 100 percent
After starring in three movies last year (including one, The Fate of the Furious, that grossed over a billion dollars, and another, Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, that's likely to), Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson will appear in three more in 2018: Fighting with My Family, Rampage, and Skyscraper, which I assume is like Die Hard but in a tall building. Come to think of it, that's Die Hard.
Solo: A Star Wars Story
DISNEY/TWITTER
Chance of trailer: Zero percent
It's happening Monday during Good Morning America. Or maybe never.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. (WFLA) – Puck drop for the Tampa Bay Lightning versus the Pittsburgh Penguins game scheduled for Sunday afternoon has been changed.
The Bolts will now take on the Penguins at 5 p.m., instead of the previously scheduled 1 p.m. start time.
The time change is due to the NFL playoff game beginning at 1 p.m. The Miami Dolphins travel to Pittsburgh to take on the Steelers.
The Lightning's Twitter account confirmed the team is working to move the watch party to 4 p.m. and will update fans via tweets when more information is available.
Helios and Matheson Analytics, the parent company of movie ticket subscription service MoviePass, is trying to vertically integrate its business with a new acquisition. It has an "exclusive option" to acquire the library and production slate of Emmett Furla Oasis Films (EFO Films), and the two are launching a new nameplate called MoviePass Films. Despite MoviePass' precarious financial situation (it loses money once subscribers pick up a single ticket in cities like New York and LA) it has expressed interest in making movies to own both sides of the pipeline, with a belief that its service will help pump up marketing.
Afenifere Condemns Buhari's Silence on Southern Kaduna Killings
President Muhammadu Buhari was yesterday advised to exhibit respect for the sanctity of life and speak up on the countless attacks and killings across the country, especially in southern Kaduna.
The Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, said the wanton killings believed to have been masterminded by Fulani herdsmen was not like every other issue that the president was not expected to comment on.
In a statement by its leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, Afenifere therefore demanded that Buhari speak to the people of Southern Kaduna with comforting words as their President on the mindless horrors that have been visited on them.
The group urged the president to set up an inquiry into the killings to identify the remote and immediate causes, identify the perpetrators and also compel Governor Nasir El-Rufai to disclose all the killers they have interfaced with and compensated so that they can be brought to trial.
Afenifere which asked Mr. President to instruct security agencies accused of taking sides in the conflicts to perform their duties fairly, also sought government compensation for the victims of these barbaric attacks.
The statement read in parts: “It grieves us that the Federal Government has been quiet on these killings, relying on the governor of the state who has openly confessed that they looked out for the killers to compensate them because they are of the same ethnic stock with him.
“A state of emergency ought to have been declared in Kaduna as the governor, by that claim, can no longer be trusted to perform their constitutional duty of protecting the lives and property of all citizens.”
Afenifere described as embarrassing a statement credited to the spokesperson of the President, Mr. Femi Adesina that Buhari had been quiet on the killings because they could not speak on every issue.
“How can the killings of citizens in hundreds be ‘every issue'? Has our President not sent messages to other countries where tragedies of lesser proportion occurred?
“When Mr. President was to visit Bauchi a few days ago and couldn't make the trip because of bad weather, did they not speak directly to the people in Hausa language?
“The disappointment the people of Bauchi experienced over cancellation of a visit cannot be compared in any way to the sorrows, pains and anguish of the people of Southern Kaduna.”
Afenifere's reaction was based on the report by the Catholic Diocese of Kafanchan in Kaduna, which disclosed that a total of 808 people were killed in 53 villages across the four local governments in the crisis-ridden states.
Giving statistics of the killings and destruction in a statement in Kafanchan, the church leaders said 57 people were injured while farm produce estimated at N5.5 billion were also destroyed.
The statement disclosed further that a total of 1,422 houses and 16 churches were burnt during the attacks which spread across Kaura, Sanga, Jama'a and Kauru councils where there had been persistent attacks on communities by gunmen believed to be Fulani herdsmen.
Also, the Bishop of Kaduna Diocese of Anglican Communion, Rt. Rev Timothy Yahaya yesterday urged Buhari to declare a national day of mourning over the killing of innocent citizens while fielding questions from journalists shortly after the New Year service at the Saint Michael Cathedral Church, Kaduna‎. “Killings in Nigeria is almost ‎handled with levity, death in a nation attracts national mourning. The President must see to their constitutional responsibility of protecting lives and properties of the citizens,” the cleric said.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2015 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Afenifere Condemns Buhari's Silence on Southern Kaduna Killings appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
COLUMBIA, S.C. — South Carolina coach Frank Martin's responses to questions about next year's roster seem to change daily.
Transfers, the NBA draft and one dismissal has left Martin's program in flux with as many as seven players from last year's roster who might not return. The scenario has Martin a little frustrated with the system.
“That's what our game has gotten to, all one and dones,” Martin said. “The ones that come in and are real good, they leave. The ones who can't get away from the outside noise, they leave. The ones that come in and say, ‘This is a lot harder than I thought it was,' they leave.
“It's a different roster every year. This is unbelievable what this has become.”
The latest upheaval in Martin's program was Monday's dismissal of suspended point guard Rakym Felder , who was considered the Gamecocks' future at the position for two years. Leading scorer and rebounder Chris Silva a nd highly regarded forward Brian Bowen declared for the NBA draft .
Guards David Beatty and Kory Holden and forwards Ibrahim Famouke Doumbia and Khadim Gueye, all who figured into the Gamecocks plans for 2018-19, have transferred due to lack of playing time.
Throw in South Carolina's one-year grad transfers in starters Frank Booker and Wesley Myers and the team could lose half the roster who were part of practices last fall.
“You never take anything for granted,” Martin said.
Just a season ago, Martin and the Gamecocks were reveling in the program's first Final Four. They got there with three, four-year seniors, including SEC player of the year Sindarius Thornwell now with the Los Angeles Clippers.
Martin's signed 6-foot-8 forward Alazo Frink of Roselle, New Jersey, and Jermaine Cousinard, a 6-4 guard from East Chicago, Indiana. Martin believes these players will bolster the Gamecocks, no matter who is back for next season.
The Gamecocks are looking for a bounce-back year next season. South Carolina was 17-16 and missed the post-season after reaching the Final Four in 2017.
Silva, Bowen and Felder were expected to lead the resurgence.
The 6-foot-9 Silva was named to the all-Southeastern Conference team and was the league's co-defensive player of the year. Bowen was the Louisville recruit in the heart of the college basketball corruption case who enrolled at South Carolina in January. Felder was a key backcourt reserve on the Final Four team who had 15 points in the Gamecocks second-round NCAA Tournament upset of Duke in that run.
Silva and Bowen have not hired agents, meaning they could return to school by the NCAA's deadline of May 30.
Felder was suspended indefinitely after their arrest for fighting last summer and was not in classes last fall. Martin reinstated them to the program, although not to the court, last spring and gave Felder several guidelines to meet if they hoped to play again.
That, Martin said, did not happen.
Silva wanted to go through the process, they said this month, to see where they might improve in the eyes of NBA evaluators.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan , transferred following their suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and their father to get them to join that school. They have not yet been cleared by the NCAA.
Bowen's attorney has said the NBA draft is a hedge against the NCAA turning them down.
Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner say Bowen's reinstatement process is moving forward. Tanner acknowledged there's little South Carolina can do between now and May 30 to speed up the NCAA's decision.
If Silva and Bowen stay in the draft — last season, sophomore P.J. Dozier remained in the NBA draft and was not picked — it means Martin will have to find replacements for three likely starters. That would mean only forward Maik Kotsar, a junior next season, would have started 30 or more games each of the past two year for the Gamecocks.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Climate Change: What Did We Know and When Did We Know it?
Views : 2
The Spurs won that series in five games. They made it look easy at times, too.
"Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out," Kerr said. "I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing. But I think it is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career. It's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset."
The Warriors have more talent, by a very wide margin. They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green. They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant. They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench, or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late.
The Cavaliers have James.
That represents hope. They make the Cavs better. They even make the Warriors better.
"LeBron's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that, you've got to do it, day after day," Durant said. "A lot of people don't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day, you know what I'm saying? So that's inspiration right there. That's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well."
Once that TV went on Monday night, James locked in on this series.
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday, including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team's flight to San Francisco. Treatment and workouts on Wednesday. Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday. Then game time.
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game, they don't know what will happen in Game 1.
But he's ready. He's always ready.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
COMMERCE, Texas — Luis Perez threw for 288 yards and a pair of touchdowns, including a 90-yard hookup with D'Arthur Cowen that sealed Texas A&M Commerce's 31-17 defeat of Harding on Saturday, sending the Lions to the Division II national championship game next week.
Commerce (13-1) will face West Florida (11-3) for the title next Saturday at Children's Mercy Park in Kansas City, Kansas.
Harding scored on the game's opening drive when Grant Kimberlin broke loose for a 51-yard run. Perez completed six of their first seven passes to move the Lions downfield and Commerce rallied for a 7-7 tie on a Gabriel Rodriguez run from the 2-yard line.
Kimberlin (107 yards) and Cole Chancey (98 yards) led the Bison rushing attack, which accounted for 260 of their 320 yards of total offence. The Bison led D-II with 53 rushing TDs and rushing yardage with 5,128.
Harding (11-4) fought back and trailed 17-14 in the fourth quarter before Texas A&M Commerce struck twice in the final nine minutes. Carandal Hale scored on an 11-yard run to push the lead to 24-14 and then capped it when Perez and Cowan hooked up for the 90-yarder.
BOCA RATON, Fla. — Gerdarius Troutman scored 20 points and Justin Massey 16, both hitting four 3-pointers, and Florida Atlantic threatened the school scoring record with a 108-46 win over NAIA Webber International on Sunday.
The output for the Owls (6-3), who had the largest margin of victory in history, was their third-highest and the first time they cracked the century mark since scoring 106 against Florida International on Jan. 30, 2010. The record for scoring is 111 against Palm Beach Atlantic on Nov. 18, 1988, and the following February they had 110 against Webber. It is also the first time FAU surpassed 90 points in four straight games.
William Pfister added 14 points on 7-for-7 shooting with eight rebounds and Ronald Delph had 13 points and 11 rebounds, helping FAU to a 53-32 rebounding advantage, its first game with 50 boards since getting 61 against Warner on Jan. 1, 2014.
The Owls connected on 9 of 18 3-pointers and shot 59 per cent overall in racing to a 65-27 halftime lead. The Owls put together runs of 10, mine and eight twice. They had runs of 11 and 10 in the second half when the lead reached 62.
No player reached double figures for the Warriors, who shot 27 per cent. The game was an exhibition for the visitors.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
Advertisements
How Obama's govt, Borno Governor, others worked against Jonathan month before Chibok – Reno
Former aide to Ex-President Goodluck Jonathan on electronic media, Pastor Reno Omokri who is equally the author of the latest and widely talked about book on the Nigerian politics and Jonathan's government, Facts Versus Fiction: The True Story of the Jonathan Years, Chibok, 2015 and the Conspiracies, has, in the video below, revealed that the ex-U.S President Barack Obama's government and the Borno state Governor and others greatly worked against Jonathan before the 2015 elections.
The post How Obama's govt, Borno Governor, others worked against Jonathan month before Chibok – Reno appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The United States Department of the Treasury is reporting an increase in allegations that merchandise produced in West Bank Jewish settlements is being... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory.
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save in 13 opportunities.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.51.
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was the inning was not over.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. They came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. They will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
"When he's right, he's a productive bullpen piece," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "From the beginning on, it's just been a struggle for him. He's been dealing with foot problems and with back problems and continuing to try to pitch through it. We got to the point, where the best thing is just get Blaine healthy because they can help us when he's healthy."
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making their big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the series opener.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK – Their administration dealt a significant blow after less than a month in office, President Donald Trump must now fill a vital national security post after the resignation of embattled national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Flynn stepped down late Monday, ending days of speculation about their fate following reports that they had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their discussions with Russia prior to Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration.
Whoever emerges as Trump's choice will lead the National Security Council at a time when the young administration is grappling with a series of national security challenges, including North Korea's reported ballistic missile launch.
The White House is also dealing with fallout from the rocky rollout of one of Trump's executive orders on immigration, which has been blocked by the courts. The order was intended to suspend the nation's refugee program and bar citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States.
Trump named retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg as the acting national security adviser, one of three candidates the president has under consideration:
Kellogg had previously been appointed the National Security Council chief of staff and, along with Flynn, advised Trump on national security and foreign policy issues during the campaign. They had been considered for national security adviser before the post went to Flynn.
Kellogg was chief operating officer of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq, the interim governing body following the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003. They previously worked as executive vice president of research and technology for Virginia-based information technology firm CACI International, a contractor for defense, intelligence and homeland security agencies.
The most audacious choice would likely be former CIA director David Petraeus. A retired four-star general, Petraeus was bounced from their position atop the intelligence agency in 2012 after they was revealed that they had passed classified information to their biographer, who had also become their mistress.
They later pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified information. They were also fined $100,000 and remains on probation.
But during the campaign, Trump spoke sympathetically about Petraeus' plight despite their frequent criticisms of their Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified materials. Petraeus was briefly under consideration to become secretary of state before Trump picked Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson.
Robert Harward, a former Navy SEAL, served as deputy commander of the United States Central Command under Gen. James Mattis, who is now defense secretary. Harward served on the National Security Council under President George W. Bush and commissioned the National Counterterrorism Center.
Upon retirement in 2013 after a nearly 40-year career in the Navy, Harward became chief executive officer for defense and aerospace giant Lockheed Martin in the United Arab Emirates. Trump has recently been in very public negotiations with Lockheed over the cost of its F-35 fighter jet program.
Can you hear that Sprint (NYSE S) customers are having a better network experience than ever with national average download speeds up 28 percent in seven months, according to Ookla Speedtest Intelligence data. Ookla data also shows Sprint now ranks 1 for the fastest average download speed in 15 cities such as Atlanta, Denver, Indianapolis, Salt Lake City and Seattle.1
The new data comes on the heels of another recent independent report stating that in the past six months Sprint's 4G LTE availability had improved to nearly rival AT&T, and Sprint's average speeds had also improved. Separately, the report also stated that Verizon and AT&T's average speeds slowed due to their introduction of unlimited data plans.2
"We've been offering unlimited data for nearly 10 years and we have a long history managing customer demand which is why our speeds are improving while others have slowed," Dr. John Saw, Sprint CTO. "Sprint also has far more spectrum capacity than any other U.S. carrier and our data performance and speeds continue to improve as we deploy more of our 2.5 GHz spectrum."
Improving LTE Availability and Speed Sprint continues to expand its toolbox of solutions for adding network coverage and capacity to provide customers with a great unlimited data experience. Sprint's newest innovation, Sprint Magic Box, is improving data speeds for thousands of its customers such as the City of Kansas City, North Boone School District, and some residents at the Denver Housing Authority where Sprint Magic Box increased download speeds by more than 300 percent in that location.
"The extension of our toolbox with new small cell solutions such as Sprint Magic Box, airpoles, strand mounts and other tools, are making a real difference for customers in cities across the country," said Günther Ottendorfer, Chief Operating Officer, Technology, at Sprint. "These low-cost, easy-to-deploy solutions are a great way to quickly improve data service and add more capacity in an unlimited network where it's needed."
Sprint also continues to expand its portfolio of High Performance User Equipment (HPUE) capable devices. Many of the hottest and most feature-rich smartphones are HPUE-enabled including Galaxy S8, LG G6 and HTC U11. HPUE can extend Sprint's existing 2.5GHz coverage by up to 30 percent bringing faster data speeds to customers in more locations, including indoors.
Looking ahead, Sprint is preparing for four-channel carrier aggregation, higher order and Massive MIMO, 256 QAM, and Gigabit Class LTE. These technologies are designed to add more capacity to the network and make more efficient use of Sprint's 2.5 GHz spectrum resulting in an improved network experience for all Sprint customers.
About Sprint: Sprint (NYSE:S) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint served 53.7 million connections as of June 30, 2017 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past five years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint.
1 National average download speed increase is Sprint's analysis of Ookla Speedtest Intelligence data from December 2016 to July 2017 for all mobile results. Fastest download speeds in 15 cities is Sprint's analysis of Ookla Speedtest Intelligence data from May 2017 - July 2017 for all mobile results. 2 Verizon and AT&T results are indicative of each carriers' average download speed change only and do not reflect a comparison of speeds to other carriers.
U.S. border patrol releases photo of mock IED found at Toronto airport
U.S Customs and Border Protection has released a photo of the mock improvised explosive device (IED) that grounded a plane in Toronto earlier this month.
The CBP tweeted Monday, “Great work by Toronto #Preclearance! #CBP officers discovered this mock IED last week in a passenger's luggage. CBP stopped processing while the IED was tested, & conducted a joint inspection of the aircraft, rescreening all travelers & baggage.”
The discovery caused a lengthy delay for passengers on board United Airlines Flight 547 from Toronto Pearson International Airport to Chicago O'Hare International Airport on April 6.
Officials said they immediately alerted the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority after finding the device at the pre-clearance facility in Toronto.
Authorities swabbed the mock IED for explosives with a negative result.
Fifty-eight-year-old Joseph Galaska, a U.S resident, was charged with mischief after officials found the device inside their suitcase. Maria Silva, Galaska's wife, told ABC News the contraption was an alarm clock, not a bomb.
Galaska was granted bail and is scheduled to appear in court on April 24.
#Catchoftheday! Great work by Toronto #Preclearance! #CBP officers discovered this mock IED last week in a passenger's luggage. (1/2) pic.twitter.com/stROkj48ku — CBP (@CustomsBorder) April 17, 2017
CBP stopped processing while the IED was tested, & conducted a joint inspection of the aircraft, rescreening all travelers & baggage. (2/2) — CBP (@CustomsBorder) April 17, 2017
RELATED STORIES
Mock IED found in traveler's suitcase at Toronto Pearson Airport
MONTREAL — The Quebec government says it hopes to greatly reduce the use of paper in the province's judicial system in order to make it much more efficient.
The emphasis on making sure documents and files are computerized is part of a $500-million investment over five years in the justice system that was announced in last month's provincial budget.
Justice Minister Stephanie Vallee also said today there will also be more use of video conferences between detention centres and courthouses when an arraignment is expected to be brief.
The goal is to cut costs related to the transfer of people who face charges.
Tyler The Creator ‘s first Tiny Desk Concert turned out to be one of the most ambitious of 2017, as they insisted on a nighttime show in order to utilize some spectacular lighting effects. The lighting changed for each song, from a vibrant fuschia to a glowing red, with the band and Tyler lit in a cool blue that gradually built to a warm orange.
The Flower Boy rapper-producer sang “Boredom,” “See You Again,” and “Glitter,” three of the more smooth, melodious songs from the album, with Tyler playing bandleader as well as joking on their own singing voice. “I can't sing, but I don't give a f*ck,” they crack while encouraging the assembled NPR employees to participate in the show as much as possible. They even incorporate one employee's name into an ad-libbed call-and-response section at the end of “Boredom.”
He's also got one of the more interesting band setups of anyone to perform this year. Two keyboards, an upright bass, drums, and two backup singers are the entirety of their four-piece band, with Tyler themselves playing one of the keyboards.
2017 has turned out to be a big year for Tyler.  They are nominated for a Grammy, appeared on numerous year-end lists including our own, and released the most mature, personal work of their career while continuing their Camp Flog Gnaw festival for a successful fifth consecutive year.
The Information Ministry is reviewing a plan to revive monthly press briefings featuring several ministries, a spokesperson said on Sunday, in what one analyst called a pre-election tactic to court favorable coverage.
The plan, which is set to be reviewed by Information Minister Khieu Kanharith after the Khmer New Year holiday, would include speeches from four or five ministry spokespersons followed by a question-and-answer session with journalists, according to ministry spokesperson Ouk Kimseng.
“The topic depends on each individual spokesperson, depending on what they want to tell the press,” they said.
Mr. Kimseng gave differing answers on who would be allowed to attend the conferences, saying that the ministry would consult with local journalists' associations before making any decisions.
“No discrimination, everyone will be invited,” Mr. Kimseng said, before qualifying that some of the forums may be restricted to select outlets.
“It depends on the situation at the time,” they said. There are hundreds of organizations reporting in Cambodia, Mr. Kimseng said, and the ministry might not be able to accommodate all of them at once.
The forums would begin “as soon as possible” and would restart past, similar efforts by the ministry, according to Mr. Kimseng.
“I don't know what happened to this kind of thing,” they said, adding that the specifics of the plan were still being finalized.
Most mass media outlets are state-run or have ties to the ruling party. A post-election plan for a new opposition-aligned television station stalled over concerns about alleged radiation from its antenna.
Last week, the Foreign Ministry echoed past government sentiment in an 11-page missive “To Tell the Truth,” both chastising wayward outlets and boasting of their ability to operate without censorship.
It cast U.S.-funded radio Voice of America and Radio Free Asia as “die hard pro opposition radio stations” who, alongside English-language media, were given “freedom to operate despite their hidden agenda to destroy the image and the reputation of the government.”
Political analyst Lao Mong Hay said on Sunday that the press briefing plan appeared to build on a massive banquet hosted by Prime Minister Hun Sen in January for largely CPP-friendly journalists.
While “it remains to be seen” whether the ministry would allow a truly open forum, Mr. Mong Hay said there was little doubt what the government was hoping to achieve.
“It's part of the election campaign to influence public opinion,” they said. “It's one element of the strategy.”
paviour@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
Alleged killing of protesters, rape: Panel releases report, exonerates Nigerian Army
By Joseph Erunke
ABUJA—Special Board of Inquiry set up by the authorities of the Nigerian Army to investigate alleged killing of protesters and human rights violations against some personnel of the army involved in the fight against insurgency in the North-East and internal security operations in the South-East, yesterday, unveiled the content of its report.
The 16-page report, released to the media, during a press conference, in Abuja, yesterday, exonerated the Nigerian Army of any wrongdoing in its role in both the North-East and South-East security intervention efforts.
In the report presented to newsmen by the Nigerian Army's Chief of Civil Military Affairs, Major-General Nuhu Angbazo, the panel said contrary to allegations of killings, rape as well as other forms of human rights abuse levelled against the personnel of the Nigerian Army involved in internal security operations by Amnesty International, AI, there was nothing to suggest such developments ever happened.
The panel said it carried out holistic investigations on all allegations raised by the international human rights organisation across the two regions, saying it came to such conclusion having met with governors and stakeholders of both regions in the course of its national assignment.
It said: “On the allegations of extrajudicial killings by Nigerian Army personnel in IDP camps, the board finds no evidence in support of this allegation.
“The board held open sessions with governors and senior government officials of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states. They made no allegations of extra judicial killings or sexual abuse against any military personnel.”
“The board interacted extensively with the camp administrators, volunteer staff and local NGOs, government officials and the IDPs.
“There was no complain of killings or allegations of sexual harassment against Nigerian Army personnel, “the panel's report said.
The panel said its findings were without biase, saying it carried out its assignment to the best of its ability.
“ The board certify that it had conducted this investigation to the best of their ability and in good conscience and have presented all the facts regarding the allegations as they are.
“Our finding and recommendations are a true reflection of our unbiased assessment of the situation.
“Finally, the Nigerian Army wishes to reiterate its loyalty and subordination to civil authorities in carrying out its constitutional roles and responsibilities, “the report said.
The post Alleged killing of protesters, rape: Panel releases report, exonerates Nigerian Army appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Hamilton police are appealing for witnesses after a shooting happened in broad daylight in central Hamilton.
Officers were called to a home near King William St. E and Emerald St. N. at 10:10 a.m. Monday after someone reported hearing a gunshot.
Police were told that there was an altercation between two men before the shot was heard.
One man was last seen running westbound on King William St. E. and the other took off in an unknown vehicle.
Hamilton police are asking anyone with information to contact Detective Jamie Simpson at 905-546-3816.
Here is the Super Bowl LII pool report for the Philadelphia Eagles practice on Wednesday, filed by Kimberly A. Martin of the Washington Post:
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Philadelphia Eagles put the finishing touches on their week of preparation with an afternoon walkthrough Saturday at U.S. Bank Stadium, the venue for Super Bowl LII.
After posing for a team picture, players went to work fine-tuning the gameplan for the New England Patriots. After quick-tempo practices the past three days at the University of Minnesota, the Eagles spent about a half hour going through their light-paced pre-game walkthrough.
Coach Doug Pederson said "probably three" players in all dealt with varying symptoms of an illness this week, including defensive tackle Tim Jernigan (who missed the first two practices of the week), cornerback Ronald Darby and wide receiver Nelson Agholor.
By Saturday, however, all three players were feeling fine, Pederson said. They also noted that it's routine for players to be given I.V. fluids.
Family First: Story of Eagles's cornerbacks forming close bond
As planned, Hall of Fame quarterback Brett Favre addressed the Eagles at their team hotel before the walkthrough. Pederson, Favre's former backup in Green Bay, chose to keep the details of the meeting and Favre's message private, but indicated players were listening with rapt attention.
While Saturday's session lacked the intensity of a normal weekday practice, it gave the Eagles a chance to get the "lay of the land," familiarize themselves with the locker rooms and the stadium and "take it all in. Soak it in," Pederson said.
Now, they're only 24 hours away from the biggest game of the season. Finally, the moment it's starting to feel real for the players.
"It puts it into perspective now," Pederson said of being inside U.S. Bank Stadium for the first time this week. "I think they can see it, when you're on this field and you see everything around the stadium, you can feel it. It puts it all right there for us."
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
UK-based LCC easyJet plans to launch German domestic flights from Berlin to Stuttgart, Dusseldorf and Munich if a bid to acquire parts of the insolvent airberlin's short-haul business is finalized.
An easyJet supervisory board member told ATW: “It is well known that we submitted an offer for up to 30 airberlin Airbus A320s, which all would be operating mainly from Berlin. If the deal is finalized as planned, easyJet will get a market share in Berlin of 60%,” the source said.
Meanwhile, airberlin negotiations with the short list of bidders—which include the Lufthansa Group and easyJet—for parts of the insolvent carrier will continue through Oct. 12.
Lufthansa's bid for airberlin assets is focused on securing the 38 Airbus A319/320s it currently wet leases from the bankrupt airline. The German group is also interested in airberlin subsidiaries LGW, Austria-based NIKI and 13 airberlin Airbus A320s.
Airberlin filed for insolvency Aug. 15 after 29.2% shareholder Etihad Airways withdrew financial support.
Over the recent weeks, several other parties submitted proposals for airberlin—Niki Lauda, who was partnering with UK-based Thomas Cook Group and its German leisure airline subsidiary Condor to bid for NIKI and other parts of airberlin; investor groups and entrepreneurs Hans Rudolf Wöhrl and Utz Claassen; and German-based leisure carrier TUIfly, among others.
A member of airberlin management told ATW the sale of airberlin would end up between Lufthansa and easyJet as “so many people from Lufthansa are involved and working on this project, which is well advanced now.”
However, the European Union Commission must review the deals for compliance with internal market regulations, the source said.
Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at
As a young man, girl-crazy artist Rosewood Renegade watched their brother rap and noticed that music brought the attention of the ladies. Eager to garner some of that attention for himself, the rapper tried their hand at music themselves only to discover that they had a real knack for wordplay. What started as a ploy for female attention is now a movement, and with the help of manager Phil Jackson, the artist is ready to set the world ablaze with their witty lyricism and passion. Their newest single, “Money Mitch,” is bound to make its way to the top of charts everywhere and into the eager ears of fans.
Renegade draws inspiration from everywhere – from old to new, from Jay-Z to Garth Brooks, the artist doesn't even like to be called a rapper, anxious to make music no matter the genre. “I'm an artist, they explain, “You can't put me in a box. You can put me on a song with anyone, and I'll deliver.” And deliver is exactly what Renegade has done with their newest single, “Money Mitch,” which was released on March 10th. The song is derived from a sample of the movie “Paid in Full.” The song, which Renegade ran with and created musical mastery, is about “taking nothing and turning it into something.” This is what Renegade prides themselves on being able to do, and the song is a debut to the world. A symbol of their entrance into a community of musical genius. The song also chronicles the artist's desire to take those they love with them on the road to success. “The whole goal for me is for my family,” confesses Renegade, “It's to better everyone's situation. And when I say family – I mean more than blood. If I grew up with you and we have a bond, we're family.”
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner says it is investigating whether any personal information of Australians was disclosed to Cambridge Analytica without authorisation.
The data analytics company, which provided voter-profiling services to US President Donald Trump's election campaign, has come under scrutiny after allegations that it gained access to some the data of some 50 million Facebook users without proper authorisation.
An investigation by the New York Times and The Observer revealed that the firm had acquired the data from researcher Aleksandr Kogan. Facebook said that Kogan claimed to have been collecting the data for academic purposes.
“I am aware of the reports that users' Facebook profile information was acquired and used without authorisation,” a statement issued by Privacy Commissioner Timothy Pilgrim said.
“My Office is making inquiries with Facebook to ascertain whether any personal information of Australians was involved.”
“I will consider Facebook's response and whether any further regulatory action is required,” Pilgrim said.
“The Privacy Act 1988 confers a range of privacy regulatory powers which include powers to investigate an alleged interference with privacy and enforcement powers ranging from less serious to more serious regulatory action, including powers to accept an enforceable undertaking, make a determination, or apply to the court for a civil penalty order for a breach of a civil penalty provision.”
Cambridge Analytica said that in 2014 it contracted Global Science Research, led by Kogan, to obtain Facebook data.
“This company... was contractually committed by us to only obtain data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act and to seek the informed consent of each respondent,” the Cambridge Analytica said.
The company said that when it “became clear that the data had not been obtained by GSR in line with Facebook's terms of service,” Cambridge Analytica deleted the data it had received from GSR.
Facebook has retained digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to conduct an audit of Cambridge Analytica's systems.
“This is part of a comprehensive internal and external review that we are conducting to determine the accuracy of the claims that the Facebook data in question still exists,” a statement issued by Facebook said.
Facebook later revealed that it had suspended its audit at the request of the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
The UK ICO is conducting its own investigation.
“We are investigating the circumstances in which Facebook data may have been illegally acquired and used,” UK Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said.
“It's part of our ongoing investigation into the use of data analytics for political purposes which was launched to consider how political parties and campaigns, data analytics companies and social media platforms in the UK are using and analysing people's personal information to micro target voters.”
Denham said the investigation would include the acquisition and use of Facebook data by Kogan, Cambridge Analytica and its parent company, SCL Group.
“This is a complex and far reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously,” Denham said.
BOSTON (AP) — Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift the Columbus Blue Jackets to a 5-4 victory over Boston on Monday night for their eighth straight victory, spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Bruins forward Ryan Donato.
Sonny Milano, Boone Jenner, Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets. Nick Foligno had two assists, nd Vanek and Jenner each added one. Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots.
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Rask for the game-winner.
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points, but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the Eastern Conference.
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston, which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic. Riley Nash, Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins, and Tuukka Rask finished with 19 saves.
The Blue Jackets trailed by two late in the second period before scoring three consecutive goals to take a 4-3 lead.
Just 25 seconds after Nash had given the Bruins a 3-1 lead, Milano redirected Ryan Murray's slap-pass from the right point to pull Columbus within one with just over three minutes remaining in the middle period.
Vanek tipped in a shot from the slot, tying it 5:38 into the third, and Panarin put the Blue Jackets ahead off a faceoff with 8:30 left in regulation.
However, Donato slipped a short pass from the right circle to Krejci, who got the tying goal 20 seconds later while falling to one knee.
Jenner got Columbus on the scoreboard first when they redirected Vanek's pass by Rask 4:15 into the game.
The Bruins scored three straight goals in the second to take the lead. Marchand tied it with their team-leading 31st of the season when they got the puck at the end of a 2-on-1 break, shifted to their right and tucked it behind Korpisalo 5:41 into the middle period.
Donato, a Hobey Baker Finalist after leading Harvard in scoring this season, pushed Boston ahead with a one-timer that slipped inside the near post from the right faceoff circle at 7:28. The leading scorer on the U.S. team at the Pyeongchang Olympics signed a two-year, entry-level contract on Sunday.
Nash's power-play goal increased it to 3-1 as they banged home a rebound from the top of the crease with 3:28 remaining.
NOTES: Boston F David Pastrnak got their 70th point on Marchand's goal, matching their career-high. ... Bruins F Rick Nash was a late scratch with an upper-body injury. ... The Blue Jackets entered with the league's second-worst power play and went 0 for 2 against the Bruins. ... Local Olympians, including eight from the women's Gold medal-winning hockey team, were honored during a ceremonial puck drop. ... Bruins captain Zdeno Chara missed their third straight with an upper-body injury. ... Columbus D Seth Jones missed their second straight with an upper-body injury.
UP NEXT
Blue Jackets: At the New York Rangers on Tuesday. Columbus won the only other meeting, 3-1 at home on Oct. 13.
Bruins: At St. Louis on Thursday in the first of a four-game road trip.
RALEIGH, N.C. — Dozens of North Carolina voters are asking the U.S. Supreme Court to ensure this year's legislative elections are held under district lines redrawn recently by federal judges, since previous elections this decade occurred under what have been deemed unconstitutional maps.
Their legal brief filed Friday asked the court to refuse a request by Republican legislative leaders. The GOP officials had asked the high court to block enforcement of a ruling last month by three judges approving a court-appointed expert's changes to House and Senate lines.
If the GOP request is denied, then the amended maps would be used beginning with candidate filing for the General Assembly on Feb. 12. If the request is approved, then districts likely would be used this fall that are again tainted by racial bias, as happened during the 2012, 2014 and 2016 elections, lawyers for the voters wrote.
“The citizens of North Carolina have been forced to endure an egregious racial gerrymander for over six years and three election cycles,” Jessica Ring Amunson wrote in the brief to Chief Justice John Roberts, who receives appeals from North Carolina. “If the court grants the stay, the voters of North Carolina will have to endure another election under unconstitutional legislative maps, and (the Republicans) will be rewarded for their tactics of delay at nearly every stage of this case.”
There's no timetable when Roberts or the entire court will decide.
The voters originally sued in 2015, and the following year the three judges ruled that House and Senate redistricting performed by the Republican-dominated legislature in 2011 contained 28 districts that relied too heavily on race. They said the maps must be thrown out and redrawn. The Supreme Court upheld that decision last June.
The General Assembly said it didn't use racial data in August when new lines were drawn, but the same judges decided four new districts were too similar to the 2011 districts, reflecting continued racial bias. Another five House districts also shouldn't have been altered, the judges said, because that violated the state constitution's provision against mid-decade redistricting.
The judges asked a special master to redraw the maps to address their concerns. Stanford University law professor Nathaniel Persily ultimately altered two dozen districts compared to the 170 districts the legislature approved last August.
The legislative leaders told Roberts last week in their brief that the Supreme Court should reverse the panel's ruling that found racial gerrymandering in last summer's maps even though no racial data was used in drawing them.
Republicans last summer hired the same outside mapmaker who drew the faulty 2011 districts. So by Republican arguments, Amunson wrote, the exact same 2011 maps could have been approved again as long as the mapmaker turned “off the racial-data feature in their redistricting software this time around.”
Although candidate filing begins in 10 days, the legislature could extend the filing period if it chooses, and the legislative primary elections aren't scheduled until May 8, meaning there would be little disruption to the election schedule, they said.
“There are no unusual circumstances that would warrant holding yet another election under unconstitutional maps,” Amunson wrote.
The U.S. Supreme Court acted in another North Carolina redistricting matter last month. The justices delayed enforcement of a lower-court decision that struck down the state's congressional map for excessive partisanship and would have required new districts be drawn by last week.
What to consider before requesting a refund of your church tithes and offerings
By Bishop Dave Chikosi
We live in such a highly and crazily litigious era. Anyone recalls the infamous McDonald's coffee spilling case? Well it seems nowadays everybody wants to sue for everyone for anything.
And the church has not been spared, especially when it comes to the contentious issues of money.
The big question I address today is this: Can and should an unhappy church member, who has faithfully given of his/her tithes and offerings over the years to their church, ask for their money back on their way out?
“No” would be the quick answer.
First of all, church tithes and offerings come under the legal rubric of “charitable contributions.” All charitable contributions are gifts. By definition a gift is an “irrevocable transfer of the donor's entire interest in the donated cash or property.”
Simply put: once you put your money in the church offering plate or basket you can kiss it goodbye. It is no longer your money.
Designated and Undesignated Gifts
This is particularly true in the case of what are called “undesignated gifts.” Undesignated gifts are your regular tithes and/or freewill offerings that you place in the offering plate or drop in the bucket when the usher comes around every Sunday.
All such giving is unconditional and therefore the church is under no legal obligation whatsoever to refund any undesignated contributions.
On the other hand, a “designated gift” is slightly different. If you decide to give, say, $10 000 towards your church's specific project, the church is obligated to use the money for specifically that purpose.
The implied understanding is that the church holds the gift in trust for that designated purpose. As long as the church uses the money for the designated purpose, there is no obligation on its part to refund all such moneys.
However, church plans and programs sometimes do change. When they do the church is under obligation to notify the giver or donor of the change. It is up to the giver/donor to then instruct the church on what to do with the funds. They or they may request a refund.
Or they may just “sow” that amount into the church's general purpose fund. The latter is in fact how most serious and faithful Christians treat such situations.
It's rare to see a Christians with any spiritual sense request a refund when the program or project for which they gave money towards falls through or gets abandoned.
Most churches, cognizant of this possible eventuality of change of program or cancellation of a project, usually include a proviso/statement in their soliciting campaigns that clearly states that designated contributions by donors may be applied to other project or related purpose in the event of the advertised project being cancelled or abandoned.
First the natural. Now for the spiritual
But enough of the legalities for now. Let's talk about the spiritual implications of a believer asking the church for a return of his/her tithes and offerings.
Boy, the cojones of it!
You give your money to God via Their Bride, the Church. This was your own action that you took as an informed adult. No pastor, preacher or prophet put a gun to your head or stuck their finger into your pocket. This was your decision and yours alone.
And now you want God to refund you? Are you aware that the gifts you give to God's church here on earth are recorded in heaven as a memorial?
“”Your prayers and your giving have ascended as a memorial before God” (Acts 10:4) was the message the angel gave to Cornelius. Needless to say, it was Cornelius giving that opened the door to the ministry of the man who later gave us nearly two-thirds of the Bible!
By getting a refund are you telling me that you want your memorial in heaven erased? Are you telling me that you wish to have the door closed for some great ministry that was going to come out of your giving, thereby depriving the world, potentially at least, of a future move of God?
Come on! Do not be deceived. God is not mocked. “Whatsoever a man soweth that shall they also reap” (Gal 6:7).
If we are going to horse around with spiritual things like that, don't cry foul when stuff in your life goes awry. God is not your kid to whom you give stuff if you are happy, but take it back when you are mad at him.
If you request a refund of your tithes and offerings, you are like a man who plants corn but later goes back to the field to dig it all up. Not only is they going to have zero harvest, but they are also going to have a good crop of weeds grow in the corn's stead.
Listen to me child of God: if you can demand your tithes and offerings back, it simply means you never gave them to begin with. Which may explain why the lives of a lot of so-called givers is messed up. You give outwardly but inwardly you are griping and bellyaching.
You gave either for the optics of it or simply to assuage a guilty conscience. Either way your giving is in reality a non-giving. If your heart is not in it then it counts for naught in the eyes of the Almighty.
I have seen this type in the church. It's the type that waves goodbye to the offering bucket as soon as they drop their tithes envelope. And then they experience migraines for the rest of the day!
No, saints of God. When you sow into the Kingdom, your entire interest in the donation is transferred to the Lord via Their church. The subsequent attempt to recover what you gave to the Lord as a freewill offering or as an act of your obedience has to be, therefore, the mother of all spiritual folly.
But even from a non-Christian perspective, haven't we all spent money on things that later gave us buyers' remorse without, at the same time, giving us corresponding means to recover our funds? What do we do when that happens?
We suck it up. We get over it. And we keep it moving.
Rev Dave Chikosi is a founding Apostle –Bishop, author and business person. Their messages can be viewed on YouTube as well as on social media. Connect with them on Facebook for sermons and messages.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
By Len Canter
HealthDay Reporter
(HealthDay News) -- Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
If you're ready to take your lap swimming to the next level, consider joining a masters swimming program. U.S. Masters Swimming is a nonprofit that promotes the activity and works with 1,500 clubs around the United States. It's open to beginners as well as competitive swimmers and offers tons of online information, including charts to track your sessions and swim workouts for people who don't live near one of their member clubs.
Another way to step up a swim program is with water equipment to boost strength training. Hand paddles increase the resistance of each stroke, giving you a more challenging workout. Hydro-bells function like dumbbells but come in lightweight designs that enable water to flow through and provide resistance. Chest flys, arm curls and triceps kickbacks are just three of the exercises you can do with them.
A simple flotation belt enables you to stand upright while doing upper body work or more easily tread water for a leg workout. Consider a training session with an instructor to polish your stroke technique for maximum effectiveness.
Even as you ramp up your swim sessions, remember the basics, such as goggles to protect your eyes. You can even have them made with vision correction if you need it. And always bracket your water workouts with a warm-up and cool-down.
Finally, keep in mind that because swimming is not a weight-bearing exercise, you'll also want to include resistance training for bone health in your overall workout schedule.
More information
To learn more about the advantages of swimming and find a swim club near you, visit the website of U.S. Masters Swimming.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja.
Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
President Buhari had at the last National Executive Council(NEC) meeting of the party declared their intentions to seek re-election in 2019.
Those attending the meeting included Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Mr Boss Mustapha as well as the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari.
APC state governors in attendance were; Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalung of Plateau, Jubrila Bindow of Adamawa and Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara.
Others were Rochas Okorocha of Imo, Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano, Kashim Shettima of Borno, Abubakar Sani Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Badaru of Jigawa.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
MUNICH
By Robert Harris
303 pp. Alfred A. Knopf. $27.95.
In the countdown to World War II, no event more aptly symbolized false hopes and Nazi duplicity than the Munich accord. In September 1938, Adolf Hitler threatened to send Wehrmacht troops into Czechoslovakia to seize the ethnic-German border regions known as the Sudetenland. Britain's prime minister, Neville Chamberlain, flew to the birthplace of the Third Reich to meet Hitler and try to stave off a conflict. Twenty-four hours later, Chamberlain returned to London, where they brandished an agreement permitting Nazi Germany to occupy the territory and pronounced four words that would forever be linked with naïveté and appeasement: “Peace for our time.”
Robert Harris's meticulously researched and expertly paced thriller, “Munich,” recounts the days leading up to the ill-fated agreement. As in most of their historical novels, Harris relegates major figures to the background, focusing on two marginal characters with intimate views of the event. Hugh Legat, a junior Foreign Service officer with an Oxford degree and fluency in German, wins Chamberlain's confidence and secures a place among the inner circle at 10 Downing Street. Their fellow Oxford alumnus Paul von Hartmann, a well-bred third secretary at the Foreign Ministry in Berlin, despises Hitler and plots with a handful of diplomats and officers to kill the Nazi leader. Hartmann and their co-conspirators hope to scuttle the looming Munich accord, force France and Britain to declare war on the still-unprepared Third Reich, and persuade the Wehrmacht generals to rally to their side.
When Hartmann obtains a secret memorandum outlining Hitler's plans to seize all of Czechoslovakia and much of Europe, they alert their fellow Oxonian through an intermediary. British intelligence enlists Legat to travel to Munich with Chamberlain to meet Hartmann, get the secret document and expose Hitler's duplicity. This sets off a dangerous game played by both Legat and Hartmann as they head to their rendezvous in Munich — where they risk exposure and, in the case of Hartmann, arrest and execution.
Photo
Harris steeps their tale in vivid descriptions of Europe on the brink of conflict. Londoners dig slit trenches in Green Park, fit their children with gas masks and raise barrage balloons to protect against aerial attack — “tiny silver torpedoes, some already thousands of feet high.” The prime minister's residence at 10 Downing Street reflects the fustiness of a weakened empire: dowdy furnishings, corridors lined in linoleum, a cramped attic for advisers stranded overnight. It was, Harris writes, like “some gentlemen's club that was no longer fashionable.” Berlin, in contrast, brims with sinister glitz: “The dome of the Haus Vaterland, with its UFA-cinema and its giant cafe, was lit by traceries of 4,000 electric bulbs,” they write of Potsdamer Platz, the main square in the Nazi capital. “Opposite it, an illuminated billboard showed a movie star with glistening jet-black hair, their face at least 10 meters high, smoking a Makedon cigarette — ‘Perfekt!'”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Harris takes a sympathetic view of Chamberlain, written off by many historians — including their successor, Winston Churchill — as Hitler's dupe. Aging yet still forceful, they prowl the corridors of 10 Downing Street in a fog of cigar smoke, bitterly cognizant of the folly of placating Hitler yet knowing that they have no choice: Britain has only 20 fighter planes that work at high altitude, and Chamberlain desperately needs to buy time to allow their country to rearm. By contrast, the Führer, idol of millions, is an ill-tempered and nondescript figure with a bad case of body odor. “He looked like a lodger who always kept themselves to himself,” Legat observes after being in the same room with them for the first time, “or a night watchman who disappeared in the morning as soon as the day shift arrived.”
Like their breakthrough novel, “Fatherland,” set in a Nazified Germany 20 years after the Third Reich defeated the Allies in World War II, Harris's new novel initially seems headed into the realm of fantasy. But it quickly becomes clear that Harris isn't out to create an alternate history. “Munich” sticks close to the facts — even as it holds out the tantalizing hope of a different outcome. There's a roundelay of diplomatic meetings in smoke-filled chambers, as well as a speech before the House of Commons and letters delivered to embassies and other corridors of power. The suspense begins to build as the British diplomats and their Nazi counterparts head toward their destiny in Munich. Hartmann's train ride to Berlin is a tour de force, complete with a tightly guarded, vital document, a gun secreted beneath a bathroom sink and a menacing SS Sturmbannführer who keeps their eye fixed on the young diplomat.
Kogi Governor calls for citizens support on security
The Kogi State Government has called on the citizens to collaborate with government in its bid to ensure a secured State. According to a statement, the call was made Monday by the Director General on Media and Publicity to the Governor of Kogi State, Kingsley Fanwo during an interactive session with members of the Kogi Forum for Good Governance in Ilorin. They said government has shown great zeal to protect lives and property in the State.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police are backing our campaign calling for the Government to improve road safety on the A19.
We launched our petition last week after the latest two serious collisions on the busy road.
Anything that keeps our road users and wider communities safer is a step in the right direction Chief Inspector Dave Guthrie, Northumbria Police Operations Department
Hundreds of you have already signed the petition and now a senior Northumbria Police officer has insisted that anything which improves safety is welcomed.
Chief Inspector Dave Guthrie, of the force's Operations Department, said: “We take public safety very seriously here at Northumbria Police, especially on our road network.
“It is a shared responsibility to keep our roads safe and our Motor Patrol Officers work tirelessly with our partners to ensure laws are adhered to and that people are driving with care and diligence.
“The A19 is often very busy and unfortunately incidents do happen on this stretch of road.
“Anything that keeps our road users and wider communities safer is a step in the right direction.”
The petition states: “The people of the North East, backed by the Sunderland Echo, Shields Gazette and Hartlepool Mail, call on the Government to carry out an inquiry into safety on the A19.
“Last year alone, there were more than 70 people injured as a result of crashes on the stretch between Wolviston and Boldon.
“This is too many collisions and it simply cannot go on.
“Added to the danger to drivers and passengers, the problems are bringing the North East and its economy to a halt - more must be done to get us moving forward.
“With the backing of North East MPs, including Easington MP Grahame Morris, we want the Department for Transport to look at this issue and take action to protect our region and its people for generations to come.”
To back the campaign, visit: www.change.org/p/department-for-transport-safe-a19-a-call-for-an-inquiry-into-safety-on-the-dual-carriageway-through-the-north-east
VATICAN CITY — The Legion of Christ religious order, stained by revelations that its founder sexually abused seminarians and fathered several children, is facing a new credibility scandal: The rector of its diocesan seminary in Rome is leaving the priesthood after admitting they fathered two children of their own.
In a letter released by the Legion on Saturday, the Rev. Oscar Turrion said they fell in love with a woman a few years ago during a time of turmoil in the Legion, fathered a son and, a few months ago, a daughter.
Turrion, 49, had been rector of the Pontifical Maria Matter Eclesiae International College since 2014. The institution is a residence for diocesan seminarians who study at Rome universities. Currently some 107 seminarians live there, most from India, Latin America and Africa, down from about 200 a few years ago.
The issue is particularly delicate because of the international diocesan character of the seminary: Bishops entrusted their seminarians to the Legion to provide them with a wholesome living environment while they completed their studies.
In a statement, the Legion said it was “conscious of the impact that the negative example” of Turrion's case had on seminarians and the Christian faithful, and said it was committed to a path of renewal.
The Vatican took over the Legion in 2010, after revelations that its late founder, the Rev. Marcial Maciel, sexually abused seminarians and fathered at least three children with two women. It ordered up a wholesale reform, but the scandal hurt the Legion's credibility and stained the legacy of St. John Paul II, who had been a leading Maciel supporter.
Several priests have since left the order, the number of seminarians has fallen and the Legion has been forced to close some schools and sell off some of its real estate assets.
Legion spokesperson the Rev. Aaron Smith declined to provide details of the Turrion case, citing the family's privacy. They confirmed that the mother of the child was an adult when they conceived the couple's first child.
The issue of priests fathering children has been in the news lately after Irish bishops issued guidelines earlier this year focusing on providing adequate care for the children and mothers. They often face emotional and psychological problems due to the secrecy often imposed on them, as well as financial difficulties.
In their letter, Turrion said they never used Legion funds to provide for their family, relying instead on donations from friends.
Recently, members of Pope Francis' advisory commission on protecting minors from sexual abuse said they had taken up the issue of priests' children in one of their working groups.
The Union of Superiors General, an umbrella group of religious orders, has said it sent the Irish guidelines to its congregations for implementation. Smith declined to say if the Legion was following the Irish provisions, which say the welfare of the child should be paramount.
The Legion said Turrion first informed the order of the birth of their daughter in March, at which time they took a leave and a new rector was named. In October, they revealed they had had a son “a few years ago” with the same woman and announced they intended to leave priestly ministry.
In their letter, Turrion said they were at peace and asked for prayers.
“I ask everyone forgiveness for the lack of trust that this implies,” they wrote. “I ask forgiveness for my bad example and the negative witness I have given.”
BOSTON — This is where the Toronto Maple Leafs try to change the ending.
After beating the Bruins in back-to-back elimination games to force their first-round playoff series to the limit — just like they did in 2013 — the Maple Leafs are hoping to finish the job on Wednesday in Game 7 in Boston.
That's something they couldn't do five years ago, when they became the first team in NHL history to blow a three-goal, third-period deficit and lose a Stanley Cup playoff game.
“We've got some more work to do,” said goalie Frederik Andersen, who stopped 32 of 33 shots in Game 6 on Monday to help Toronto win 3-1 and prolong its season.
“It's the same kind of pressure we've felt these last two games, where we've been facing elimination,” they said. “Game 7 should be the same. It's something that you all dream of — those big moments — and you also want to perform.”
So do the Bruins, who have struggled to put away Toronto for the second consecutive time. In '13, the Maple Leafs won two straight and then opened a 4-1 lead in the third period of Game 7, but Boston scored a pair of goals 31 seconds apart in the final 2 minutes of regulation before winning in overtime.
Patrice Bergeron, who scored the game-winner, is one of seven Bruins remaining from that team, compared with four players wearing Toronto jerseys.
“It's nice to have those guys,” said Boston forward David Pastrnak, who had four goals and five assists in the first two games of the series this year but only two assists since. “They've been here a bunch, so they know what to expect. It's good for our young guys to have them around.”
The winner of Wednesday night's game will play Tampa Bay, which eliminated New Jersey in five games. The Lightning will host the first two games, regardless of which opponent advances.
“I don't think there's any panic at all in this group,” Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy said.
Toronto feels the same way.
“We think we're going to win,” Maple Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. “We've thought that all along, and we've crawled our way back and now we have the opportunity of a lifetime. This is where you want to be.”
PRESSURE
Both teams paid their respects to the victims of the rental van attack in Toronto that killed 10 people and injured 15 more. There was a moment of silence before Monday night's game, and Babcock opened their postgame remarks by sending support to those affected. Asked on Tuesday about the pressure their team faces heading into a winner-take-all game, Cassidy said they have tried to keep things in perspective.
“Listen, yesterday in Toronto, the first-responders, they were under pressure. That's pressure to me, that's real-life pressure,” they said. “This is a game that players dream about being in this situation, Game 7, playing road hockey in a small town in Canada or a big city in the United States or somewhere in between. That's what it's all about. … Now you've got to go out and embrace it.”
GAME 7 HISTORY
The Bruins are 13-12 in Game 7s, with a 12-8 record at home. Toronto is 12-10 and 5-9 on the road. Boston is 2-1 in Game 7s against Toronto, including 2013. Bruins defenceman Zdeno Chara will be playing in their 12th career Game 7 — the most for any active player, and just one shy of the record held by Patrick Roy and Scott Stevens.
ROUND TWO
The Capitals and Penguins await the start of the second round, when they will play each other for the third straight post-season. Pittsburgh is 9-1 all-time in playoff series against Washington.
In the West, the pairings are Vegas against San Jose and Winnipeg against Nashville.
——
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
TOKYO — The Latest on the anniversary of the 1995 Tokyo subway nerve gas attack (all times local):
12:40 p.m.
Tokyo subway employees have marked the 23rd anniversary of a nerve gas attack that killed 13 people and sickened thousands at several stations.
Uniformed workers bowed their heads in silence Tuesday at Kasumigaseki station, one of those targeted by the Aum Shinrikyo religious cult.
The current station head and the 71-year-old widow of an assistant stationmaster who died in the attack placed flowers on a temporary altar set up for offerings.
Thirteen cult members have been sentenced to death for the March 20, 1995, attack and other crimes.
Kyodo News service quoted the widow Shizue Takahashi saying the trials went on for a long time, and they feel the process has entered the next stage.
——
10:20 a.m.
Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes. But when is uncertain. Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan's death penalty system.
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars, sickening thousands and killing 13. Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all.
The relocation of seven of the convicts to detention centres outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent. Accomplices are customarily hanged on the same day.
The executions won't be announced until after they occur.
Even if he's on a wheelchair, we'll vote for Buhari in 2019 — Arewa chieftain
Mohammed Yakubu, a member of the national executive committee of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), says the north will vote President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 even if they are on a wheelchair.
In an interview The Sun, Yakubu said it was improper for people to mount pressure on Buhari to resign because they are battling with their health.
“I will not advise them to resign. You will recall that when former President Olusegun Obasanjo was asking the then ailing President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua to resign, I granted an interview to your newspaper, as the youth leader of Northern Union, telling Nigerians that even on a wheelchair, we will support Yar'Adua to rule the country. Unfortunately, they died,” they said.
“I am also making the same statement today that Buhari should not resign, even if they are on a wheelchair, north and people of Nigeria will vote them in 2019. I am not just associating myself with Buhari, I am advocating for good governance under President Buhari.
“I don't think that it is proper for anybody to humiliate Buhari out of office by mounting pressure on them to resign. It is not fair; it is not just, it is not proper.
“We have election timetable if you don't like him, vote them out during the election, but I will not support anybody that will want to humiliate the president out of office. As long as they are alive, it is not right to demand of them to resign.”
Yakubu thanked Nigerians for rendering prayers on behalf of Buhari.
They said the kind of support Buhari has received during their illness is unprecedented in the history of Nigeria.
“I must first of all thank Nigerians for their support and prayer for President Muhammadu Buhari, their support and prayer have been unprecedented in the history of Nigeria,” they said.
“There is no Nigerian leader that has received this type of support and prayer in our recent history. I must first of all thank them. The president's health challenge is something that can happen to anybody. We had President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua, this type of health condition happened to him. So in the case of Buhari, they had transmitted power to their deputy, as constitution demanded, and I think there is nothing to fear.
“If they had not transmitted power to their deputy or their case was like that of Yar'Adua, I would have been more worried. And so far the acting president is capable; they have shown some level of vibrancy, there is no cause for alarm.
“God forbid bad thing, supposing the president dies today, there is nothing anybody can do. God has appointed a time for every human being to be born and to die. For now, we will continue to pray for our president and wish them quick return to the country. And I will continue to appreciate Nigerians who are praying and supporting the president.”
TheCable
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Wichita Falls man, already behind bars, added an attempted aggravated robbery charge to their list over the weekend.
On Friday, officers with the WFPD served the warrant to Jeh'Cobi Barnes, 21, at the Wichita Co. Jail.
The arrest warrant stemmed from an incident on November 7. Around 4:03 p.m. officers were dispatched to the Cash Store on Southwest Parkway in reference to an attempted robbery.
Employees said a black man, wearing a white bandana over their face, black pants, and white tennis shoes, and a dark colored top attempted to open the door of the store.
Employees said the suspect was carrying a gun in their hand. The door was magnetically locked so the suspect was not able to get in because employees believed the suspect was there to rob the store.
While officers were investigating this crime, a call came in around 4:20 p.m. at Western Finance on Kemp Blvd. Officers were told two suspects had gone in and robbed the store with a gun.
One of the suspects was wearing the same clothes as the suspect in the attempted robbery at the Cash Store earlier that afternoon. The second suspect was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt with no facial covering.
The witness said they saw the suspect vehicle parking on Avenue H and at the same time they saw the two suspects sneaking around the back of Western Finance and go to the front.
Shortly after, the witness said they saw the two suspects run back to the vehicle as it drove away from the scene.
The witness was able to take photos of the suspect vehicle and its tag number. The tag numbered returned to a woman who lived in Wichita Falls. The woman said the vehicle was owned and driven by Barnes. While in the area, officers observed the suspect vehicle being wiped down by Barnes.
Later, a warrant was issued for Barnes' arrest. Barnes admitted to police in being involved in the Western Finance robbery. When questioned about the attempted robbery of the Cash Store, Barnes said they just waited in the car.
Officers believe Barnes was the suspect who attempted to go into the Cash Store to rob it because they were wearing the same clothes in the Cash Store video that they were wearing in the Western Finance robbery.
Barnes is in the Wichita Co. Jail on a combined $802,500 bond.
Copyright 2017 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
At the same moment that Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne was facing off against Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford and NDP Leader Andrea Horwath in the final Ontario leaders' debate on Sunday evening, their campaign released an arresting video.
The 30-second spot focuses in tight on Wynne's face, and nothing else, as they raise their gaze to meet the camera. Them face is utterly still as they declare in a voiceover, “I'm sorry more people don't like me.”
But then, they flip it around: What they are not sorry for is keeping business taxes low, covering tuition for low-income students and a host of other initiatives they count as the successes of their six years as premier.
As their disembodied voice continues to make the case that their government has made life better in Ontario, Wynne's face shifts from defiant—or possibly pained?—to a slowly dawning grin of pride.
The ad got clever reinforcement because Wynne referenced the same “Sorry. Not sorry,” framing directly in their debate remarks. And sure enough, the unusual spot—which in its unflinching visual construction looks more like an attack ad—grabbed plenty of attention online.
Maclean's asked a group of advertising and political experts to help deconstruct the ad, what it's trying to accomplish and the risks of a strategy like this.
Philippe Garneau, president of GWP Brand Engineering:
It's trying to say, “Look, I hear you.” But also, “Now hear this.” When Wynne looks you in the eye and says, “I'm sorry you don't like me” they are demonstrating they know what Ontarians are feeling about them It's disarming. Viewers with crossed arms and stiff backs might lean in, a little. Smart opening move.
The ad then turns this mea culpa on its ear, without diminishing its disruptive power, by saying the words “But I'm not sorry that…” followed by a series of meaningful accomplishments. Smart next move.
When smart marketers need to shift negative perceptions about their brand, it's always wise to get the consumer on your side by acknowledging that they have a problem. Saying that problem doesn't exist is akin to picking a fight with them—a fight you will lose.
Once you've acknowledged their concern, you can either set out to say how you will change, which is what Wells Fargo, Starbucks, Facebook and ABC and Disney are doing. Or, you can hope to re-balance the discussion by reminding your audience of the things you have done in the past that they value. Neither approach is foolproof.
This ad is trying to teach Ontarians that we should elect a leader based on what they can get done rather than what they can promise to get done. It's reminding people that elections shouldn't be popularity contests.
If Ontarians find that being Wynne-splained and lectured creates emotional distance, this ad attempts to bridge that distance. This Wynne is close up and personal—confessionally so.
Will the candour of the opening line, the accomplishments they share and the raw simplicity of the ad shift entrenched thinkers? Not one bit. They don't want to be persuaded. Will it move a sufficient numbers of the undeclared and fence-sitters to give Wynne and the Liberals another chance? Unlikely.
And what do you make of the political strategy here? Something bold was called for. Something Premier Wynne could live with that authentically reflected their ethics. So the political strategy here seems to be: “Let's win or fail by letting Wynne be Wynne.”
Amanda Galbraith, principle at Navigator and strategist to former Prime Minister Stephen Harper, among others
The ad is a bit jarring. It's different. I was talking to my sister yesterday—who's not political—and they said it was all over their Facebook with people sharing it.
For hardcore Liberals who were disaffected or frustrated or feeling totally beaten down with the way the campaign has gone, it gives them permission to be proud of the record again, in an unapologetic way. I don't think it will deliver the campaign to them, by any stretch of the imagination, but my instinct is it will stop the bleeding.
The nutshell message is “Pay attention to me,” which is really interesting for a premier, because usually they walk in, they make a statement, they're used to having people pay attention. There's a saying: “You know the marriage is over when you just stop fighting.” I think it's to the point where voters have totally tuned the Liberals out.
It honestly answers the question, which is their likability factor. Anyone as a human being, having to hear someone say, ‘I know I'm not very well liked,' you feel for that person. So there's a sympathy factor there.
And by the time you're paying attention, you're looking at the record and thinking, “Okay, well that's a good thing they did and that's not a bad thing that they did.” So I think it's a way of sneakily getting in the policy stuff in a jarring, different kind of way. It definitely cuts through the noise right now.
Yes, it's about this election, yes it's about saving seats, and the viability of the Liberal party, but it's also the premier's legacy, too. They want to be proud of what shebeing accomplished, and this is arguably the last piece they put out in the campaign to defend it.
At this point in the campaign, typically you say, okay, if the candidate's that unpopular, we should just send them off on a tour of Northern Ontario where no one can find her, and we'll just make sure that people aren't affiliated. This is basically going in the exact opposite direction. I think it also speaks to the kind of person the premier is, which are they want to tackle it herself.
Angus Tucker, chief creative officer with advertising agency john st.
This is an angry ad written (or certainly approved) by an angry leader. And who can blame her? The level of rage directed at Wynne right now is unfathomable.
But then, I'm not even sure this ad is even intended to get people to vote for them It feels more like a legacy play—like they and the Liberals want their accomplishments on the public record before Ford strips them all away. The ad seems to be trying, amidst the insanity of this election campaign, to set the record straight.
But no, I don't think it will work—but I don't think anything will work right now for the Liberals.
The visual style is as defiant as the #SorryNotSorry hashtag. No roaring crowds. No babies being kissed. Just Kathleen Wynne staring down the barrel of the camera/gun. Political advertising is usually either about selling hope or instilling fear. This is neither. This is unrepentant resignation. The captain, standing stoically on the bridge, going down with them ship.
Were the Liberals even close at this stage of the race, I think this ad would be seen as very risky. #SorryNotSorry is not from the “how to get elected” playbook. But at this point, Wynne has nothing to lose. It's a Hail Mary with no time left on the clock. And while Hail Marys rarely work, it's worth a shot.
Alex Marland, professor of political science at Memorial University and author of Brand Command
Whenever you're communicating, you're trying to cut through the clutter, you're trying to focus. If you were to talk through a room and it's on television, you would notice it because it's different, and even if you only caught part of it, you'd get the message.
In many ways it's like saying the party leader is the CEO of a political party, so it's almost like a CEO taking responsibility for something. It's noticeably, squarely about that one individual as representing the entire party. The ad might have had more effect if it had come out earlier. Later on, when you're closer to an election, people are closer to having made up their minds.
There's still a level of negativity. When you're saying ‘not sorry,' ‘not' in itself is a negative and what I think you'd want to be doing is conveying a positive. I would argue a lighter colour scheme would have been better. You want to be able to create a positive message when you're the one that's talking about your own candidate.
When people are focusing on an individual—[like] the Stéphane Dion ads the Conservatives were using around 2008—sometimes leaders are the focus by opponents. What's interesting here is how the leader is so squarely the focus for the proponent, for the party itself.
At a very high level, if this is the message they're trying to get across, they're doing a good job at getting it across. The next question is, is it the right message? If anger is indeed what a lot of people are feeling…does this respond to anger? Does this diffuse that emotion?
MORE ABOUT 2018 ONTARIO ELECTION:
Everglades City, Chokoloskee, and the Everlglades National Park
December is one of the months that we really start to pay close attention to the tides, especially around the full and new moon. The full moon this December falls on the 4th and the new moon is on the 18th. We will have extreme low tides the mornings of the 2nd-8th and the 16th – 21st. Do your research if fishing those days, as you may want to adjust your fishing times to avoid those negative low tides.
The snook will start to head back up the rivers and into the back country this month. Catch some nice live bait on the outside and bring them into the back country for some great snook action. The redfish will do the same and begin to show into the river mouths this month. Live baits are good for redfish too, and they really love to live shrimp.
Each December sheepshead will show up in decent numbers over hard bottom. Sheepshead can prove to be frustrating to get hooked up for some because they require great finesse. What we do is anchor up over them in a slow-moving current. Present a shrimp on a small hook so that you can hide the hook completely in the shrimp. Sometimes the shrimp are pretty big this time of year, so you can usually cut your shrimp in half. Get your bait down to the depth that the fish are at. When you feel a nibble, do not set the hook. Instead start to slowly reel away from the fish, and as you do, they will generally get serious. Thinking that the shrimp is going to get away, they will bite the entire shrimp with your hook in it. Now that you have their attention, set the hook and reel it up.
I hope that these forecasts serve as educational and beneficial to you, and that they will help you become a better angler. If you have any questions or would like to book an instructional charter, please contact me at the below email. I also conduct free instructional seminars and lessons to various groups, clubs, tackle shops, and other venues throughout the year. If your group could benefit from a workshop, please do not hesitate to contact me. Also, be sure to check out our website for dates of future workshops.
Capt. Pete Rapps
www.CaptainRapps.com
CaptainRapps@Outlook.com
239-571-1756
Captain Rapps' Charters & Guides offers year-round expert guided, light tackle, near shore, and backwater fishing trips in the 10,000 Islands of the Everglades National Park, and spring time Tarpon-only charters in the Florida Keys. Capt. Rapps' top notch fleet accommodates men, women, & children of all ages, experienced or not. Between our vast knowledge & experience of the area, and easy going demeanors, you are guaranteed to have a great day. Book your charter 24/7 using the online booking calendar, and see Capt. Rapps' first class web site for Booking info, Videos, Recipes, Seasonings, and more at www.CaptainRapps.com
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, their daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
"I don't know how they died," their daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . "Did they have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened."
Roberts, who gave their mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
"We almost hired a private investigator" to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokesperson Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
"We are very concerned how this could have happened," they said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from their room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before their body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
Lufthansa subsidiary Brussels Airlines will phase out its last Avro RJ100 with a final scheduled flight from Geneva to Zurich Oct. 28.
The four-engine narrowbody Avro RJ100 played an important role in the development of Brussels Airlines. When the Belgian carrier was founded 15 years ago, its fleet comprised 32 Avro-type aircraft (12 RJ100s, 14 RJ85s and six BAe146s) that were acquired from Sabena subsidiary DAT.
Since then, 31.5 million passengers have flown on board Brussels Airlines Avros to European destinations.
In October 2008, the last Avro/BAe146 left the fleet; the final RJ85 has been phased out.
The Avro fleet will be replaced by Airbus A319/320 aircraft, spokesperson Wencke Lemmes told ATW.
Swiss International Air Lines phased out its last Avro RJ100 in August.
Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at
16:54 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Hevron Fund raffle ends Wednesday afternoon - hurry! Read more
You can still help the idealists in the City of the Patriarchs develop and maintain the thriving Jewish presence there. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Search
Bill Cash, the original Brexiter, tells The Daily Politics they distinguish…
“…between being in the customs union and a customs union… what a customs union means is something yet to be resolved.”
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian health authorities are urging Carnival visitors to stick to celebrations in the city of Rio de Janeiro and avoid sightseeing at waterfalls and forests where yellow fever has been detected.
Rio state Health Secretary Luiz Antonio Teixeira Junior said on Tuesday that there have been no recent cases of the disease in urban areas and that the risk of contagion in touristic parts of Rio is "nearly zero."
Brazil is vaccinating more than 20 million people against yellow fever to control a budding outbreak, and the secretary says Rio state alone has vaccinated more than 8 million.
Brazil's Health Ministry says 130 cases have been confirmed across the country and 53 people have died in the current outbreak.
More news from the Hidden Heroes team. Ed
Due to popular demand the Isle of Wight Hidden Heroes Travelling Museum is returning to the Isle of Wight over the February half term holiday (12th-16th).
Isle of Wight Hidden Heroes shines a light on those who have achieved innovative, fascinating, life-changing or awe-inspiring things whilst on the Island.
If you missed the Travelling Museum when it toured in October, don't despair, between Monday 12th and Friday 16th February, the Travelling Museum will be wending its way across the Isle of Wight and spending the day in at least five new locations.
Uncovering remarkable stories
The first of its kind in the UK, the Travelling Museum isn't a dusty old bus with boring objects – get ready for actors playing the part of enthusiastic and funny museum owners, as they encourage you to uncover remarkable stories of kings, inventors, speed freaks and artists, spanning the dinosaur age to the Facebook era, discovering the people who helped make our Island great and some who even helped shape the world.
Visits are anticipated in Newport, Godshill, Cowes, Ryde and Carisbrooke Castle.
Check the IW Hidden Heroes events see the Website for exact times and locations nearer the time.
Exhibitions galore
There are also a number of exhibitions dedicated to IW Hidden Heroes coming up over the next few weeks.
There are also events at Newport Roman Villa and Dinosaur Isle over half term.
For more detail about these and other IW Hidden Heroes events see the Website.
Image: © Lucy Boyton
Gul Meena was illegally married at age 13. When they discovered that they had become the third wife of a grandfather, they ran away in horror. Them brother and uncle, intent on avenging the family's honor, tracked them down and attacked them with an ax, smashing their head so badly that part of their brain spilled out of their skull. Somehow they survived, and was given refuge in the Women for Afghan Women shelter in Kabul.
There they made two fast friends, Sahar Gul and Mumtaz. They did not discuss their traumatic pasts with one another, but they were otherwise quite close, all survivors of violence and wrongful marriages.
On one of their visits to the shelter, their American pro bono lawyer, Kimberley Motley, brought along several picture books, easy readers for young children. Sahar Gul is also 18, or maybe 17 (ages are often just estimates in Afghanistan); they are now in the seventh grade and can read a bit, so they read the books to Gul Meena and to Mumtaz, who is now 26.
Sahar Gul took the news of their friend's departure hard, even though they knew it was coming. “When I heard, I thought that I am a ghost,” they said last month. “I am so sad to be losing my friend. On the other side, I am so happy that they will be free, and will make a life for herself.”
Gul Meena, on their last full day in Afghanistan, was so nervous that they couldn't steady their hands; the other girls in the shelter helped them dress. Them housemates approached her, bursting into tears.
“I'm not going to miss Afghanistan because I don't even know how Afghanistan looks,” Gul Meena said. They entered the shelter as a child, and like the other girls there, they have not been allowed outside the compound since then, except under escort by staff — for safety, and under government-imposed restrictions on women's shelters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Sahar Gul's family sold them as a child, at age 13 or even younger, to people who tried to force them into prostitution through torture; they pulled out their fingernails, drugged and raped her, and sexually assaulted them with hot pokers.
January 2 – The Macon County History Museum will be closing their doors to the public for a few months for renovations and archival work.
As they have done in the past, the Museum will be closed January and most of February while Museum staff continues improvements. Museum Director Nathan Pierce says they will be doing further renovations to the lower museum, additional painting, archival and collections work, and they will prepare for new exhibits.
Last year, the Museum closed during the winter for renovations to the archival room. Staff started to sift through hundreds of old documents. Over the course of 2016, Museum staff discovered two documents with authentic Presidential signatures on them. President Andrew Jackson's signature was found on an old land grant and President Grover Cleveland's signature was discovered on another document.
Pierce says larger groups can still visit the Museum during the winter, if times work for both sides. Part of the Museum may not be accessible depending on the time period.
The History Museum is scheduled to reopen by February 28, 2017.
Yet Mirian, a Honduran woman who arrived in the U.S., broke no law. They simply followed the established procedure by presenting themselves at an official border crossing point and requesting asylum because their life was in danger in Honduras — nevertheless, their 18-month-old was taken from them
“The immigration officers made me walk out with my son to a government vehicle and place my son in a car seat in the vehicle,” Mirian said in a declaration accompanying the A.C.L.U. suit. “My son was crying as I put them in the seat. I did not even have a chance to comfort my son, because the officers slammed the door shut as soon as they were in their seat.”
Likewise, Ms. G, a Mexican in the A.C.L.U. suit, went to an official border crossing point and requested asylum with their 4-year-old son and blind 6-year-old daughter. None of them had broken American law, yet the children were taken from their mother.
“I have not seen my children for one and a half months,” Ms. G wrote in their declaration. “I worry about them constantly and don't know when I will see them.”
Granted, this does not happen to all who present themselves at the border and do not cross illegally; it seems arbitrary. But even for those parents who commit a misdemeanor by illegally entering the U.S. — because they want to protect their children from Central American gangs — the United States response seems to be in effect to kidnap youngsters.
If you or I commit a misdemeanor, we might lose our kids for a few days while we're in jail, and then we'd get them back. But border-crossers serve a few days in jail for illegal entry — and after emerging from criminal custody, they still don't get their kids back soon, said Lee Gelernt, an A.C.L.U. lawyer. In one case, they said, it has been eight months and the child still has not been returned.
It's true that immigration policy is a nightmare, we can't take everyone and almost no one advocates open borders. Some immigrants bring small children with them and claim to be the parent in hopes that this will spare them from detention.
The District 3AAA basketball tournament began on Monday at Clinton High School with two first-round games in the ladies' bracket.
The 5th-seeded Anderson County Lady Mavs held off an upset bid from 8th seeded Central, 37-35, and 4th-seeded Halls made quick work of 9th-seeded Karns, 74-30. Anderson County and Halls will play in one girls' quarterfinal Thursday night at 6:00 at the Don Lockard Gymnasium.
Tonight (Tuesday February 14th), the boys' tournament gets started with two games. At 6:00, right here on WYSH and WQLA, the fifth-seeded Clinton Dragons host the 8th-seeded Central Bobcats. The second game tonight will feature 4th-seeded Campbell County against 9th-seeded Gibbs.
Clinton and Central split their two regular season meetings, with each winning on the other's home floor—Clinton taking a 59-46 decision in Knoxville in December and Central winning 66-58 in Clinton on January 31st. Since that January meeting, though, both teams closed the regular season in strong fashion, with the Bobcats winning three of their last four games down the stretch and the Dragons having won three straight.
With both teams playing their best basketball of the season, it should be a great game, so tune in tonight at 6:00 pm for a special edition of the Fox & Farley Full Court Press—Central versus Clinton in round one of the District tournament.
A quick programming note: due to the District 3AAA basketball tournament schedule, which has Clinton's boys playing tonight at 6:00 and the Lady Dragons taking on Gibbs Wednesday night at 6:00, Trading Time Primetime will return on Thursday February 16th at 6 pm.
Alyssa Ayres, who served in the South and Central Asia Bureau of the State Department, also said that New Delhi is unlikely to join something framed as a US-led front to contain Beijing. The former American diplomat has also claimed that India and China have a 'cold war-like relationship in making.
During the launch of their latest book ‘Our Time Has Come: How India is Making Its Place in the World', Alyssa Ayres, a former American diplomat has claimed that India and Chian have a ‘cold war-like' relationship in making. Alyssa Ayres, who served in the South and Central Asia Bureau of the State Department, also said that New Delhi is unlikely to join something framed as a US-led front to contain Beijing. According to her, the two countries had kept a halt over their strategic competition as the commercial relationship between the two countries on a stronger side. “It is a cold war-like relationship in the making. India and China have had a strong commercial relationship, but that is increasingly less satisfying for India, for many of the same reasons the United States is dissatisfied with its trade relationship with China,” they said.
According to her, India is also concerned over China's ‘deep relationship' with Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and the investments it is making in the two countries. Talking about US-led effort to contain China, they said that India is highly unlikely to be enlisted in something like this. India is more concerned about defending its own interests. India seeks to uphold the liberal world orders, Ayres added. “India has been a big supporter of global norms, of freedom of navigation. But it also partners with China in many areas. The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), India is the number two capital contributor,” they noted.
They also addressed BRICS organisation that went from being an idea in a research paper to be a real institution. They also applauded India for being active with BRICS and the five-nation grouping has created its own development bank.
Castro, known in their private life as Theophilus Tagoe disappeared almost three years ago (July 6, 2014) while on a weekend getaway with the Black Stars skipper.
Black Stars captain, Asamoah Gyan has revealed that they still miss their close friend Castro and is hanging on to a faint hope that they are alive.
They went missing along with a female friend Janet Bandu at the Volta River estuary in Ada where they were on a cruise.
Gyan in an interview with Accra-based Citi FM insisted that Castro's death cannot be confirmed because their body has not yet been found.
They said, “We cannot confirm it right now because the body has not yet been found but we were there and we know what happened so we're just waiting for the traditional authorities, they said seven years. Every time we are playing their song or cracking jokes, we really miss this guy a lot”.
Gyan also revealed that they have been unable to release any new music because of their friend's disappearance.
“I still do music but since my friend got lost, Castro. I decided to just lay back a bit. We had a lot of hit songs that were coming out before the incident happened,” Gyan said.
Castro, who hails from Takoradi, was born in 1982 to Lydia Tagoe, a trader, and Mr Coffie, an accountant, at the Takoradi Harbour. They attended Anglican Primary and J.S.S in Takoradi.
Before they launched their debut album in 2003, they had featured on hip-life group 4×4 hit track, “Ssikletele” which officially introduced them into the local music scene.
Their songs such as ‘Odopa' ‘Seihor', ‘Africa Girls' have received awards and massive airplay over radio waves since their death.
Watch Castro and Asamoah Gyan's hit song African Girls below;
Unknown assailants kill ex-naval officer, Famuyiwa
An ex-naval officer and Chief Executive Officer of MAF 44 Gardens and Event centre, Arigbajo, Ogun State, Chief Moses Akanni Famuyiwa, popularly called MAF 44, was yesterday murdered in cold blood by unknown assailants, who invaded their home in the early hours of the day.
The 73-year-old man was stabbed on the vein in their left elbow by the assailants who ensured they lost more than enough blood before fleeing the scene.
The room where they were murdered was a gory sight, likened to a slaughter slab, as the bed-sheets, pillows, rug and the tiles were littered with bloodstains, as a result of the deceased's struggle with the murderers.
When The Guardian visited the scene, residents, neighbours and sympathisers, were seen in large numbers bemoaning the tragedy which has befallen the deceased, whom they described as a man with a large heart and an unwavering philanthropist.
There were, however, two sides to the story. While some claimed it was a robbery incident that went haywire, others said it was a case of assassination, as the assailants came with the mindset of killing him.
The wife, Mrs Opeyemi Akintanmide Famuyiwa, who was with them when the incident happened, narrated to The Guardian that the murderers, numbering three invaded the house around 5:00a.m. when the guards had left their post.
They immediately entered the room through the window and went straight for the deceased who was on the bed with them They disclosed that they pounced on them but they struggled with them for long. They later over-powered them and used a broken bottle nearby to stab them on the elbow vein, where they bled profusely, noting that they took their time to ensure they wasted much blood before they left the scene.
“Immediately they left, I tied cloth around the wound to stop the blood, before I shouted for help. They didn't go with any of their belongings; they only went with my phone and handbag, containing my identity card, driver's licence, two Automated Teller Machine cards (ATMs) and other valuables.
“They didn't touch their expensive phone lying beside him. God should expose the killers, they must not go free,” they pleaded.
One of their sons, Segun Famuyiwa, told The Guardian that immediately their mother raised the alarm, which they heard in the main house, they rushed down to the scene and took them to a private hospital in Ifo, as they were still breathing as at that time, but they were rejected. It was while they were being taking to another hospital that they have up the ghost.
As at the time of visit, men of the Nigerian Police Force, Ewekoro Command, led by their Divisional Police Officer (DPO) and an official of the Directorate of Security Services (DSS) were already in the area, combing the nook and crannies for hints on the case, which eventually led to the recovery of the stolen bag, but the content has been taken away.
The DPO who refused to disclose their name told The Guardian that their men would do everything necessary to ensure that the killers are brought to book.
While confirming that the stolen bag had been recovered, they said the deceased's wife will be taking to their station for further interrogation, as they cannot immediately give them any information because of the trauma of the incident.
“We are going to beef up security around here, more men would be brought in, to patrol this area.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MEND Makes U-Turn, Passes Vote Of No Confidence On Buhari
The Movement for Emancipation of Niger Delta (MEND) has passed a vote of no confidence on the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari whom it endorsed in the 2015 presidential election.
The militant group, which operates within the creeks of the oil-rich Niger Delta region, appears in an unfriendly mood with the current administration, following the federal government's poor handling of the current crisis within the region.
The group alleged that Buhari had been carrying on arrogantly and making controversial, prejudicial, conflicting and contradictory statements about the politics and economy of the oil-rich region.
This is after their meeting with traditional rulers, opinion leaders and stakeholders of the Niger Delta region, under the auspices of Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) on November 1, 2016.
In a statement issued by its elusive spokesperson, Jomo Gbomo, MEND on Sunday accused the Buhari-led government of insincerity and “grand deception” with regards to pledged commitment to the politics and economy of the Niger Delta.
The statement further alleged that since after they assumed office on May 29, 2015, Buhari, for reasons best known to him, held the Niger Delta region in contempt.
The statement reads in part, “Without prejudice to the pre-2015 presidential election endorsement freely and voluntarily given to President Muhammadu Buhari on January 6, 2015, the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) hereby categorically and unequivocally pass a Vote of No Confidence on the government of President Buhari; specifically with regard to the government's handling of the current Niger Delta crisis.”
The post MEND Makes U-Turn, Passes Vote Of No Confidence On Buhari appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Twins delivered 10 minutes apart at an Arizona hospital over the New Year's weekend have different birth years.
Phoenix TV station KNXV-TV reports that parents Holly and Brandon Shay welcomed their first son, Sawyer, into the world at 11:51 p.m. Saturday at Banner Hospital.
Their second son, Everett, arrived one minute after midnight on Sunday.
The father joked that Sawyer will tease their brother about being the older sibling.
The same thing happened over the weekend in San Diego.
Twin girls born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns were delivered at 11:56 p.m. Saturday and at midnight on Sunday.
NEW YORK — Jerome Segura scored 14 points on 7-of-9 shooting and handed out six assists to help Fairfield turn back LIU Brooklyn 76-72 on Sunday to snap a three-game skid.
Tyler Nelson topped the Stags (4-5) with 17 points, but they made just 6 of 18 shots from the floor, including 1 of 6 from 3-point range. Ferron Flavors Jr. came off the bench to score 12 for Fairfield, which heads home after a season-long seven-game road trip. The Stags haven't played a home game since Nov. 14. Flavors helped the Stags reserves outscore their counterparts 21-0.
Joel Hernandez led the Blackbirds (4-7) with 23 points and nine rebounds. Raiquan Clark added 19 points and seven boards, Jashaun Agosto scored 14 and Julian Batts chipped in with 10 points, six rebounds and four assists.
Flavours buried a pair of 3-pointers in the final minute of the first half to give Fairfield a 36-35 lead at the break.
Hernandez hit two free throws with 1:13 left in the game to pull LIU Brooklyn within 71-69, but Jonathan Kasibabu and Flavours hit 5 of 6 free throws in the final 29 seconds to preserve the victory.
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into their new role, they are also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by their predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election they defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
They fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that they intend to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of their predecessor.
They were also candid about the scope of obstacles they face: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
WASHINGTON, DC -- Four groups have petitioned the U.S. Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) to reconsider provisions of the Final Rule for Entry-Level Driver requirements, which the agency issued on December 7.
The final rule does not include a requirement for 30 hours of behind-the-wheel training for new drivers. Last March, FCMSA had included in its proposed rule a minimum of 10 hours of training on a “driving range” as well as an unspecified amount of time driving on a public road. The final rule requires no behind-the-wheel standard for student drivers, instead deferring to skills tests administered by state licensing agencies. The petition notes that under the new rule, the determination of whether a student driver has the skill set required to operate safely on public roadways is “entirely in the hands of the instructor.”
The petition was filed by Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, the Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association (OOIDA), the Truck Safety Coalition and Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways on December 21. In it, the petitioners noted that:
“The performance standard in the Final Rule does not ensure that CDL applicants who can pass the state CDL skills test will spend any time actually operating a CMV on public roads with an experienced instructor encountering safety critical situations. This type of real-world training and experience that CDL candidates need, and that several bodies of experts have determined should be required, in order to enhance the ability of CDL applicants to operate a truck-trailer combination vehicle safely and to avoid crashes. Instead, the Final Rule does nothing more than ensure that future CDL candidates will acquire only the most rudimentary skill set needed to pass the most basic of maneuvering tests, as has always been the case, while depriving both future CDL applicants, and the traveling public of, developing better trained, more skilled novice CMV drivers.”
Todd Spencer, executive vice president of OOIDA, told Heavy Duty Trucking, “It's absurd that the required amount of hours behind the wheel training is zero. Hairdressers and barbers have a minimum. Pilots have a minimum. It's totally insulting to professional truckers that have dedicated their lives to driving safely and sharing the highways with others.”
The petitioners also made the following points in support of their position:
A 1995 Federal Highway Administration report entitled “Assessing the Adequacy of Commercial Motor Vehicle Driver Training” determined minimum criteria on eight key factors of driver training, including time behind the wheel, which was set as “38.5 hours for heavy trucks and motor coaches as well as 9 hours for school buses.”
A 2005 rejection of a proposed rule for Entry-Level Driver Training by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for being woefully deficient, “specifically because it failed to require behind-the-wheel training hours," noting the findings of the 1995 Adequacy Report. The Court held, “The Adequacy Report determined that effective training for CMV drivers required practical, on-the-road instruction on how to operate a heavy vehicle.”
FCMSA's own response to the 2005 ruling, which included a Notice of Proposed Rule Making in 2007 “to revise the standards for mandatory training requirements for entry-level operators of commercial motor vehicles (CMVs) in interstate operations who are required to possess a commercial driver's license." This NPRM included a requirement of 44 behind-the-wheel hours for Class A applicants and 32 behind-the-wheel hours for Class B applicants.
Leading CDL training schools nationwide already require their students complete a minimum number of hours of behind-the-wheel training, ranging from 74 to 44 hours.
Several states already have minimum behind-the-wheel training standards in place. Illinois requires 40 hours; Kentucky 45, Maine 44 hours for Class A applicants and 20 hours for Class B applicants; and Ohio at least 40 hours.
The petitioners contend the 2016 Final Rule is “not in the public interest because it does not advance safety beyond current practice in which any and all untrained CDL applicants can perform basic minor movements of CMVs and obtain a CDL without being exposed to the real-world experience of driving a CMV on public roads while receiving instruction from a qualified instructor."
The petitioners have requested a stay of the effective date of the 2016 Final Rule until the Administrator can render a decision on this Petition for Reconsideration.
Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff
Nigeria Today
The House of Representatives Committee on Telecommunications yesterday queried management of leading telecommunications company, MTN-Nigeria over mass disengagement of personnel. Have you read Trendiee Today? Click here to read.
and more »
About 115 million years ago, when car-size pterosaurs flew overhead and long-necked sauropods tromped about on Earth, a tiny mushroom no taller than a chess piece fell into a river and later fossilized — a feat that makes it the oldest-known fossilized mushroom on record, a new study finds.
Researchers discovered the remains of the Cretaceous-age mushroom preserved in limestone from northeast Brazil's Crato Formation. But during its brief life, the mushroom lived on Gondwana, a supercontinent that once existed in the Southern Hemisphere.
"Most mushrooms grow and are gone within a few days," study lead researcher Sam Heads, a paleontologist at Illinois Natural History Survey (INHS), said in a statement. "The fact that this mushroom was preserved at all is just astonishing." [6 Ways Fungi Can Help Humanity]
After the mushroom fell into the river, it floated into a salty lagoon and sank to the bottom, where fine sediments began to cover it. Over time, the mushroom mineralized, and its tissues were replaced with pyrite, a mineral also known as fool's gold. Later, the pyrite transformed into the mineral goethite, the researchers said.
"When you think about it, the chances of this thing being here — the hurdles it had to overcome to get from where it was growing into the lagoon, be mineralized and preserved for 115 million years — have to be minuscule," said Heads, who found the mushroom while digitizing a collection of fossils from the Crato Formation.
View photos Researchers found the mushroom fossil in northeast Brazil's Araripe Basin, in a layer of limestone known as the Crato Formation. Danielle Ruffatto More
Researchers named the 2-inch-tall (5 centimeters) mushroom Gondwanagaricites magnificus. The genus name combines Gondwana with "agarikon," the Greek word for mushroom. The species name is Latin for "magnificent," because the specimen had remarkable preservation, the researchers said.
An electron microscope image revealed the mushroom had gills under its cap, instead of pores or spines (also called teeth). These gills, which release spores, helped the researchers place the mushroom in a scientific order of gilled mushrooms called Agaricales, they said.
Until now, the oldest fungi on record were 99-million-year-old specimens (Palaeoagaricites antiquus) trapped in amber from Burma (also known as Myanmar), said study co-author Andrew Miller, an INHS mycologist (someone who studies fungi).
"They were enveloped by a sticky tree resin and preserved as the resin fossilized, forming amber," Heads said. "This is a much more likely scenario for the preservation of a mushroom, since resin falling from a tree directly onto the forest floor could readily preserve specimens. This certainly seems to have been the case, given the mushroom fossil record to date."
In fact, there are only 10 fossils resembling modern-day gilled mushrooms on record, and all of them are preserved in amber, the researchers said. These include four unnamed mushrooms from Burmese amber, a 94-million-year-old mushroom (Archaeomarasmius leggetti) from New Jersey, a 45-million-year-old mushroom (Gerontomyces lepidotus) from the Samland Peninsula of Russia, three mushrooms (Aureofungus yaniguaensis, Coprinites dominicana and Protomycena electra) from the Dominican Republic that date to between 16 million and 18 million years ago, and the Myanmar mushroom.
HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. — Grant Riller scored 24 points, Jarrell Brantley poured in 23 more, including the winning layup, and Charleston edged Hofstra 86-85 on Saturday night to take sole possession of first place in the Colonial Athletic Association.
Trailing by a point after Hofstra's Justin Wright-Foreman sank a 3-pointer with 18 seconds left, Charleston (18-6, 9-3) took the ball down the right side of the court and got it inside to Brantley, who dribbled twice to their right before breaking left to drop in the winning bucket with three seconds remaining.
Joe Chealey added 19 points and Nick Harris had 10 for Charleston, which shot 57 per cent and got 18 assists on its 30 baskets to pick up its sixth straight win.
Wright-Foreman finished with 24 points to lead Hofstra (14-10, 7-5), Eli Pemberton added 20, Jalen Ray got 11 and Kenny Wormley 10.
The dust has finally settled from the Eagles' trade that sent receiver Jordan Matthews to the Buffalo Bills in exchange for cornerback Ronald Darby.
So with a few days to mull things over, are the Eagles now better or worse following the move?
In the latest episode of The No-Huddle Show, Eagles reporters Eliot Shorr-Parks and Matt Lombardo disagree on whether or not this was a good move by the team, and debate whether the Eagles are now better or worse at receiver, or if the addition of Darby has made this a better overall team.
Check out the latest episode below, and if you haven't already, please make sure to subscribe and leave us a review!
Episode info:
* Featuring Eliot Shorr-Parks and Matt Lombardo
Subscribe for free:
* iTunes
* Stitcher
* SoundCloud
* iHeartRadio
* Google Play
* Spreaker
About the podcast:
The No-Huddle Show is a Philadelphia Eagles podcast produced by NJ Advance Media. New episodes air every week.
The city of Philadelphia has unveiled a new Pride flag that aims to be more reflective of the LGBT community's racial diversity.
The new flag expands on creator Gilbert Baker's original design by including black and brown stripes.
Amber Hikes, Philadelphia's director of LGBT Affairs, said the new flag “instills so much pride in me as a queer black woman.”
“When I see the flag,” they added, “I see myself. The new design is a symbolic representation of Philadelphia's commitment to centering the experiences, contributions, activism and dedication of black and brown members of our community. To me, this flag says: ‘We see you. We honor you. We celebrate you. You're not just a part of us. You are us.'”
According to PGN, Hikes added:
“I feel that when we celebrate Pride Month and the LGBT community at large, we focus heavily on the same voices, identities and experiences. This year, I want to celebrate people who are too often left out of our narratives. I'm really excited to use this event to highlight people of transgender and gender-nonconforming experience [and] highlight youth and people of color for their contributions to the LGBTQ-liberation movement….
“This is not going to just be in Philadelphia. This is going to take the nation by storm. I believe that very deeply. This is an opportunity for the community to come together and celebrate not just Pride but also the community members whose voices and experiences that so often get overlooked. To me, this is a chance to stop saying ‘We're inclusive' and to actually begin showing it. More importantly, this flag is a step toward healing for our community and this genuine unity that so many of us are saying we want.”
More than 200 people were in attendance last Thursday to celebrate the unveiling and raising of the flag at the north apron of City Hall.
Flag designer Tierney and the Office of LGBT Affairs have developed a website where people can download the flag for free.
Watch a CBS report below.
Queensland Police Service says it has fixed separate problems that affected a system used to check bans from licences venues in the state and another used for background checks, including for the state's ‘Blue Card' working with children system.
QPS said one of the “technical issues” related to the transfer of its data to a national background check system. The problem affected transfers between 9 December 2017 and 16 February 2018.
Seventeen checks for Blue Cards, the key background check system for working with children and young people in the state, returned incorrect results due to the problem. In total, 26 incorrect results were issued, QPS said.
“However, in all 26 instances it has been determined that there was no risk to the community as a result of this technical issue,” a police statement said.
“Checks were either adequately conducted through separate systems at the time or the information would not have met a threshold to affect community safety.”
The second problem affected transfers of data to the Office of Liquor and Gaming Regulation's ID scanner network for licensed venues.
According to QPS, the problem affected 133 court ordered banning notices and 48 current bail conditions for the state's 15 Safe Night Precincts between 1 July 2017 and 13 February 2018.
The ID scanning system was introduced on 1 July last year.
The systems affected by the problems have been audited, according to QPS.
“Immediate audits were conducted and fixes put in place to ensure these issues did not occur again,” Commissioner Ian Stewart said in a statement.
“The community can be assured that systems have been put in place to not only fix these issues but to regularly monitor data flows to ensure there is no ongoing risk to the public,”
“The QPS will continue to review its processes and monitor these systems to ensure public safety,” the commissioner said.
Congressman Mike Conaway (R-Midland) has at least three challengers for the District 11 seat in the U.S. House of Representatives that they have held since 2005. (With several hours left to go before the filing deadline, other contenders could conceivably appear.) Challengers include one Republican – Paul Myers of Midland – and Democrats Eric Pfalzgraf of Odessa and Jennie Lou Leeder of Llano.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – Townhomes are on fire in Tampa Monday afternoon.
The fire is burning at the Brookshire Townhomes on West Sligh Avenue.
Tampa Fire Rescue is on scene and say this is a two alarm fire.
There is currently no word on injuries or how many townhome units are affected.
Eagle 8 spotted the fire just before 3:30 p.m.
No further information was immediately released. Stay with WFLA.com for more details.
No. 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff.
Quarterback Baker Mayfield, offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to the Associated Press All-America team, giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school. The All-America team, which dates to 1925 and was selected this season by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters, was released Monday.
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team, including the runaway winner Mayfield. Stanford's Bryce Love, the Heisman runner-up, and San Diego State's Rashaad Penny, the nation's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman, were the first-team running backs. Penn State's Saquon Barkley, who finished fourth in the Heisman voting, made the team as an all-purpose player.
Louisville's Lamar Jackson, last year's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback, was selected to the second team.
——
ALL-AMERICA POINTS
— The other three playoff teams each have one player on the first team, all on the defensive side. No. 3 Georgia, which faces Oklahoma in the Rose Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1, is represented by linebacker Roquan Smith. No. 1 Clemson placed defensive end Clelin Ferrell on the first team. Alabama safety Minkah Fitzpatrick is the only player to make first-team All-America for the second straight season. The Tigers face the fourth-ranked Crimson Tide in the Sugar Bowl semifinal on Jan. 1.
— Notre Dame (offensive linemen Mike McGlinchey and Quenton Nelson), Ohio State (centre Billy Price and cornerback Denzel Ward), Iowa (linebacker Josey Jewell and cornerback Josh Jackson) and Texas (safety DeShon Elliott and punter Michael Dickson) each have two players on the first team.
— Clemson had the most players selected to all three teams with six. Defensive tackle Christian Wilkins, linebacker Dorian O'Daniel and offensive tackle Mitch Hyatt made the second team. Defensive end Austin Bryant and guard Tyrone Crowder were third-team picks.
— Wisconsin placed five players on the three teams, led by linebacker T.J. Edwards on the first team. Running back Jonathan Taylor and tight Troy Fumagalli made the second team and offensive linemen David Edwards and Beau Benzschawel made the third team.
— Oklahoma had four picks overall with linebacker Ogbonnia Okoronkwo making the second team.
MOVING UP
— Four of the five All-America offensive linemen made either second- or third-team last year. Brown and Price moved up from second to first. McGlinchey and Nelson went from third to first.
— Mayfield also jumped from third team to first team. They were selected to the second team in 2015.
— Dickson and Barkley also made the third team last year and moved up to first this season, though Barkley was a third-team running back last year.
MOVING DOWN
— Jackson was not the only 2016 All-American to slide this season. Washington State guard Cody O'Connell went from first team to second team. Utah punter Mitch Wishnowsky went from first to third.
CONFERENCE CALL
First-team All-Americans by conference:
Big Ten — 7
Big 12 — 6
Pac-12 — 3
SEC — 3
ACC — 2
Independent — 2
American — 1
Mountain West — 1
——
All-Americans, all three teams, by conference:
SEC — 15
ACC — 14
Big Ten — 13
Big 12 — 12
Pac-12 — 11
Mountain West — 3
American — 2
C-USA — 2
Independent — 2
MAC — 1
——
Follow Ralph D. Russo at http://www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
A 14-year-old girl who died after colliding with a decorated banner pole on Siem Reap City's Pub Street during Sunday night's Khmer New Year festivities was electrocuted, and a spa owner was arrested, city police chief Tith Narong said on Monday.
Mony Rothny ran into the iron pole in front of Baray Spa in Svay Dangkum commune, Mr. Narong said.
The pole, decorated with lights and connected to an extension cord running into the building, carried a current after it came into contact with the extension cord's socket, the police chief said.
They said the pole likely shocked the girl, who was soaking wet after taking part in water fights as part of the celebrations.
The teenager, from Kompong Speu, was pronounced dead at the provincial referral hospital, but their family took them to Royal Hospital in Siem Reap City for a second opinion and received the same determination, Mr. Narong said.
Duong Sokha, chief of the provincial police's serious crimes bureau, said Meas Sopheak, the spa owner, was arrested on Monday afternoon and would be sent to the provincial court this morning for questioning.
soumy@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And they say the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but they say they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because they say previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," they say. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
OTTAWA — The reverend for a church in the rural Ottawa community of Bearbrook is calling for the return of a bell they suspect was stolen for scrap metal last week.
Rev. Margo Whittaker says it's not clear exactly when on May 21 the 100-kilogram bell was taken from Trinity Anglican Church, but they say how it was stolen became evident when a piece of it was found on the church grounds later that day.
They say a handyman for the church found the piece of the bell on the ground, then climbed the belfry to discover it was missing.
Whittaker says the handyman then spoke to the groundskeeper, who recalled filling up a hole beside the church that was the same shape as a bell.
They say they believe at least two people used a ladder to climb up to the belfry, detach the bell and drop it to the ground, before making a getaway.
Whittaker says members of the congregation are “very upset,” adding that the church has been in the community for more than 120 years.
“There are a lot of people who have history here,” they said. “We have a huge cemetery and there are hundreds of people who have relatives buried in the cemetery on the church ground, and we would like to ring the bell at the cemetery service, which is coming up on Father's Day.”
They said the congregation is praying that whoever took the bell will have a change of heart, or that someone will give information that will lead to its return.
“There are stories of church bells being stolen and then church bells being found,” Whittaker said. “It's not unprecedented … and that gives me hope.”
Ottawa police said they have received a report on the alleged theft and investigators are checking local scrapyards.
The Prime Minister's Office has responded to a petition which seeks to stop the work of attorney Yitzhak Molcho as the special envoy of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu by saying, "Attorney Yitzhak Molcho is employed by the Prime Minister's Office as a special envoy for political matters, in accordance with a plan formulated and approved by the then deputy attorney general, which includes, among other things, an arrangement to prevent conflict of interest."
A statement by the office noted, "Molcho deals with the most sensitive political issues for the advancement of the interests of the state of Israel, and wins the trust and appreciation of senior political figures in Israel and abroad."
The 45-year-old man who allegedly ran off with a 16-year-old girl to Mexico now faces trial on charges related to their trip.
Kevin Esterly, of the 3000 block of Highland Road in Lowhill Township, waived their hearing Tuesday on charges of interference with custody of children, concealment of the whereabouts of a child and corruption of minors.
The case now heads to Lehigh County Court.
Easterly is also scheduled to have a summary trial Tuesday afternoon on a harassment charge related to a separate incident Feb. 10 with their now-estranged wife.
Esterly remains in Lehigh County Jail in lieu of $500,000 bail. They have been held there since they were extradited from Florida, where they were arrested March 18.
A message left for Easterly's attorney, Carol Marciano, was not immediately returned.
Esterly is accused of taking 16-year-old Amy Yu, of Allentown, on a one-way flight to Cancun on March 5.
Authorities said on multiple occasions they previously signed them out of a Northampton County charter school -- the Associated Press reported it was Lehigh Valley Academy Regional Charter School in Hanover Township, Northampton County -- posing as their stepfather.
Yu did not have a stepfather, authorities said.
Yu left the Lehigh Valley willingly, authorities previously said. Various published reports indicate Yu failed to get on a school bus the morning of March 5 and met up with Esterly, who took them to Philadelphia International Airport.
Yu's family previously said the two met at church years ago, and the 16-year-old girl is friends with one of Esterly's daughters.
They were found by Mexican authorities and sent to Miami. Yu was returned to their family unharmed.
Man who allegedly absconded to Mexico with teen is returned to Lehigh Valley
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
OTTAWA — Former prime minister Stephen Harper and one of their senior aides are now publicly admitting they were aware a Conservative MP had been accused of sexual assault but let them remain on the ballot in the 2015 election.
In a statement late Friday night, Harper said their understanding of the matter involving Rick Dykstra was that the case had been investigated by the police and closed a year prior.
“Given this understanding of the situation, I did not believe that I could justify removing them as a candidate,” Harper said in a statement posted on Twitter late Friday after days of questions about what they and other party officials knew and when.
The allegations concern a 2014 incident involving Dykstra, who was then a Conservative member of Parliament, and a staff member on Parliament Hill. They were reported in Maclean's magazine earlier this week.
They have not been tested in court nor independently confirmed by The Canadian Press and Dykstra has denied them, though they stepped down as president of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party after they were made public.
Harper's former chief of staff, Ray Novak, said what the campaign knew in 2015 was that police had investigated a complaint against Dykstra and the investigation was closed.
The party's lawyer looked into the issue, but “unfortunately the facts available at the time were few,” Novak said in a statement.
Still, that Dykstra was able to remain on the ballot when other candidates were let go for seemingly lesser infractions — one, for example, for being caught on video years prior urinating into a cup — caused much consternation in the party's rank-and-file this week.
Several MPs called for the party to clear up what had happened after differing accounts from campaign staff and executives emerged in the media, largely on an anonymous basis.
Novak said the matter wasn't taken lightly by anyone involved, and hinged on whether a closed investigation without charges was sufficient grounds for firing.
“Certainly, with the benefit of hindsight and additional information, Rick Dykstra should have been fired as a candidate,” they said.
“But campaigns don't get do-overs. To this day, I have hoped, particularly in light of recent media reports, that the alleged victim presses charges so this matter can be fully investigated and prosecuted by the police and the courts.”
Concern over how the matter was handled had prompted current leader Andrew Scheer to order an independent third-party investigation.
The details of that have not been announced but Scheer has pledged to make the findings public and said under their leadership, candidates facing such accusations would never be allowed to run.
In their statement, Harper noted that there are discussions all over the world about how to protect sexual assault victims and encourage them to come forward.
“At the same time, we must have some basic standards of process to try and ensure fairness for all involved,” Harper said.
“This is a healthy conversation and I hope it brings about positive change for everyone.”
Former prosecutors who have served in both Republican and Democratic Administrations told me that an obstruction-of-justice case against Trump is a no-brainer. “Comey's testimony in a grand jury would be enough to get an indictment,” Julie O'Sullivan, who was part of the team that investigated Whitewater, the Clinton land deal that attracted a special prosecutor in the early nineties, said. To O'Sullivan, Comey's detailed account of the Oval Office meeting in which Trump cleared the room and then told Comey to let go of the investigation of Michael Flynn, whom Trump had fired, the previous day, was especially damning because it showed that Trump knew that what they were doing was wrong.
“For a prosecutor, this attempt to hide the conversation, all antennae are going up,” O'Sullivan told me. “That tells you that they have a consciousness that what he's about to do is wrong. It's like having a bonfire with documents in the back yard. It's wonderful. Seriously, this is the best thing ever for a prosecutor.”
To be sure, there is some disagreement among former prosecutors. “I think it is very reckless for any former prosecutor to say an obstruction-of-justice case can or can't be made based on one witness's testimony,” Matthew Whitaker, a former U.S. Attorney who was appointed by President George W. Bush, and who ran as a Republican Senate candidate in Iowa, in 2014, said. “That makes me queasy. I'm shocked that so many former prosecutors are convicting the President of that crime.” But, among former prosecutors, Whitaker appears to be in the minority.
There is some public evidence that Mueller is taking the obstruction accusation seriously. They asked for and received all the memos that Comey wrote memorializing Comey's interactions with Trump. Why would Mueller need those unless they were looking into possible obstruction?
Click on link for more juicy details....
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
Emergency Repair Restricts Water Flow to Areas East of Missionary Ridge
Tennessee American Water is asking all water customers east of Missionary Ridge to restrict non-essential water usage as the company works on a major repair. This includes East Brainerd, East Ridge, Highway 58 and Lakeview, GA.
On Tuesday evening, June 13, Tennessee American Water sent a notification to their customers via CodeRed telephone software letting them know that they could possibly experience low water pressure or no water service.
“Currently we have customers who are experiencing low water pressure or no water service. We apologize for the disruption this has caused and ask for your understanding while we work safely and as quickly as possible to solve the underlying issue,” said Director of Operations Kevin Kruchinski.
The alert was sent because of a 24 inch valve that has broken. Because the valve cannot be opened, it is affecting the water flow for two of the water system's pressure zones east of Missionary Ridge. This area includes East Brainerd, East Ridge, Lakeview, GA and Highway 58.
“While we are actively working through a solution, the water pressure and outages may continue off and on and affect different areas, depending on where we are working,” said Kruchinski.
“Our ultimate goal is to replace the broken valve. We are working safely to restore water service to all customers as soon as possible,” continued Kruchinski.
Tennessee American Water does not have an estimate on completion of the repair, but “we will be working safely and as quickly as possible,” said Kruchinski.
The restrictions are intended to curtail non-essential water usage by customers like outdoor watering, filling swimming pools, washing cars or children using a hose or sprinkler for fun. This request does not pertain to essential water use by residents. This request is not intended to impact businesses such as restaurants, car washes, laundries and industries dependent on water usage for production and revenue.
“We need all customers, larger users and small users alike, to use water wisely while we complete the repair,” said Kruchinski. “The water restrictions will be lifted when we are finished with the repair.”
Tips from Tennessee American Water to help customers use water wisely during the water restrictions:
Do not water lawns, wash cars or fill swimming pools.
Don't allow children to play with the hose or sprinklers -- just for fun.
Use a broom -- not a hose -- to clean porches and driveways.
Check faucets and pipes for leaks. Even the smallest drip from a worn showerhead can waste 20 or more gallons of water per day.
Run dishwashers and washing machines only when full – and necessary.
When washing dishes by hand, don't run water freely to rinse. Instead, fill a second sink with rinse water.
Don't let the faucet run while you clean fruits and vegetables. Rinse them in a filled sink or pan of water.
Customers with questions can call Tennessee American Water's 24 hour customer service center at 1-866-736-6420.
A desperate appeal has been launched to catch the thief who stole thousands of pounds of jewellery during a daylight raid.
Two Rolex watches and unique items of diamond jewellery were among the valuables taken from Jordan Rassas' home on Blackpool Road, Cerleton, on Tuesday.
I can't think about it, it's awful. We've had CSI crawling all over the house.
Now Jordan has launched a social media appeal, shared hundreds of times, and offered a £1,000 reward to catch the raider.
The raider smashed through a window at the rear of the property to gain entry, ransacking drawers and cupboards before loading a bag with their ill-gotten gains – worth an estimated £50,000.
Energy consultant Jordan, 23, and their partner, 22-year-old medical receptionist Megan Lettice, are too shaken to return to the house, they said.
“They've smashed a window at the back to get in,” they added. “The room they've gone into, our bedroom, is where my kids sleep when they are with me.
“I can't think about it, it's awful. We've had CSI crawling all over the house.
“Whoever did this knew what they were doing. It must take planning to do this in the daylight. They've probably waited for a train to pass and smashed the glass then.”
Jordan, who has a two-year-old daughter and five-year-old son, was away on business at the time.
They said: “I was coming back home and got a call from Megan. She'd gone in and found the house in a real state, all the drawers open, things everywhere. They were in a real state, said they were calling from a service station. They were really shaken up.”
The house, next to Carleton crossing, is currently up for sale. Jordan said as many as 30 people had viewed the house in recent weeks.
“A lot of people have been in and out,” they said.
“Maybe that's got something to do with it. We have a lot of nice things – we've worked hard for them.
“They've taken diamond earrings from the Caribbean, a diamond necklace, two Rolex watches, a rare Longines watch too.
“I have a collection of expensive aftershaves, maybe 40 of those are gone. They are £100 to £300 a bottle.
“Whoever it is has taken what they can carry. It's not like they've brought a van and gone for the big stuff, taken the TV or anything like that.
“Police say it has all the hallmarks of an addict, taking what they can carry, what they can sell.”
Jordan is hoping the distinctive green bag the thief stole to carry their haul might have been captured on CCTV.
They said: “There's no camera at the crossing, which you'd expect. But somebody might have captured this, we might be able to see where this person went.
“I never thought anything like this would happen. This person is still out there, they could do this again. I'm offering a reward for finding who did this.”
Jordan was planning to move house in a matter of weeks and did not have contents insurance.
Lancashire Police confirmed an investigation is under way into the raid. Call 101 with information.
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
2017-08-14
The Chancellor of the University of Cape Coast (UCC), Sir Dr. Sam Esson Jonah
The Chancellor of the University of Cape Coast (UCC), Sir Dr. Sam Esson Jonah, has requested the government to revisit the directives that mandate university faculty members to retire at 60 years.
“It should not be in doubt that at 60 [years], senior members of faculty will then have attained a high level of intellectual maturity and are better able to mentor young members of faculty and provide guidance and supervision to research students,” they said.
Speaking at the first session of the 50th congregation and induction ceremony of University of Cape Coast School of Medical Sciences held on Saturday, August 12th, 2017 at its North Campus, Dr. Jonah noted that it is unfortunate under the current policy to lose such seasoned members of faculty to the open arms of the private tertiary institutions.
According to him, another major challenge confronting the university is its inability to recruit new staff to fill vacancies meant to correct the wider lecturer-student ratio as well as improve quality teaching and research.
He, therefore, appealed to government to consider as a matter of urgency, the request made by the various public institutions of higher learning for financial clearance to recruit adequate numbers of teaching and non-teaching staff.
Dr. Jonah said UCC is constrained by severely inadequate infrastructure due to scarce financial resources to complete its projects.
In their view, despite their efforts, a lot of the structures remain uncompleted as a result of resource constraints which have militated against the capacity of the school to increase enrollment.
Dr. Jonah, therefore, made a passionate appeal to the government and all stakeholders for support towards the early completion of the facilities.
Dr. Jonah hinted that funds received from the central government are inadequate to curb the infrastructural deficit forcing them to rely more on their internally generated fund.
“Our internally generated funds have become the lifeline used by this university to provide critical infrastructure and other resources required for effective teaching, research and the operating cost of the university,” they said.
In this regard, they discouraged the government's directive requesting universities to contribute 34 per cent of their internally generated funds to the consolidated fund adding that, it can stifle creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The researchers found that these animals have higher metabolic rates than previously thought, and climate change is adversely affecting their environment for hunting enough prey. They have monitored the behaviour, hunting success and metabolic rates of adult female polar bears without cubs as they hunted for prey on the sea ice of the Beaufort Sea of the Arctic Ocean, in the spring.
The polar bear population is declining fast as they are unable to catch enough prey to meet their energy needs, says a study. The researchers found that these animals have higher metabolic rates than previously thought, and climate change is adversely affecting their environment for hunting enough prey. The study, published in the journal Science, reveals the physiological mechanisms behind observed declines in polar bear populations, said first author Anthony Pagano from the University of California, Santa Cruz, US.
“We've been documenting declines in polar bear survival rates, body condition and population numbers over the past decade,” they said. “This study identifies the mechanisms that are driving those declines by looking at the actual energy needs of polar bears and how often they're able to catch seals,” Pagano, who is also a wildlife biologist with the US Geological Survey (USGS), said.
The researchers monitored the behaviour, hunting success and metabolic rates of adult female polar bears without cubs as they hunted for prey on the sea ice of the Beaufort Sea of the Arctic Ocean, in the spring. High-tech collars on the bears recorded video, locations and activity levels over a period of eight to 11 days, while metabolic tracers enabled the team to determine how much energy the bears expended.
The field metabolic rates they measured averaged more than 50% higher than previous studies had predicted. Five of the nine bears in the study lost body mass, meaning they weren't catching enough fat-rich marine mammal prey to meet their energy demands. “This was at the start of the period from April through July when polar bears catch most of their prey and put on most of the body fat they need to sustain them throughout the year,” Pagano said.
But climate change is having dramatic effects on the Arctic sea ice, forcing polar bears to move greater distances and making it harder for them to catch prey, the study said. In the Beaufort Sea, sea ice starts to retreat away from the continental shelf in July, and most of the bears move north on the ice as it retreats.
As the Arctic warms and more sea ice melts, the bears are having to move much greater distances than previously. This causes them to expend more energy during the summer, when they are fasting until the ice returns to the continental shelf in the fall, the study said. In other areas, such as Hudson Bay, most bears move onto land when the sea ice retreats. There, Arctic warming means the sea ice is breaking up earlier in the summer and returning later in the autumn, forcing bears to spend more time on land.
“Either way, it's an issue of how much fat they can put on before the ice starts to break up, and then how much energy are they having to expend,” Pagano said. USGS researchers have been studying polar bears in the Beaufort Sea area since the 1980s. Their most recent population estimate indicates the polar bear population has declined by about 40% over the past decade.
Governor El-Rufai Introduces Residency Card For All Residents In Kaduna
The Governor Nasir El-Rufai led government of Kaduna State on Wednesday formally announced the introduction of residency card for all its residents.
The government said the move was to enable it plan and provide social services.
Speaking on the initiative, the state's Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Muhammad Abdullahi, said the development was crucial for planning purposes.
They spoke shortly after they were registered for the card at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission (NIMC) in Kaduna.
They said: “Kaduna State Government is currently providing a number of free social services for the people in the state. “But to achieve the desired impact, we need to have the accurate figure of those residing in the state. We need to know who and who resides in our state and where. “When we know the number of people residing in the state and where they are, it will help us to plan and provide better services and for all residents. ''
They said people would soon be required to present their residency card before they could access such services.
“Kaduna state is open for everyone due to its strategic location, geographically, economically and politically. “But if you are going to stay in the state beyond 180 days, you would be required to register and obtain our residency card. “This is very important not only in planning, but also in ensuring security. We gathered that most of the security issues we are having in the state are caused by people from other states,” they said.
The commissioner explained that the registration exercise was being carried out in partnership with NIMC and open to all residents of all ages.
They appealed to everyone to come out en mass and get registered in the more than 31 centres across the state.
The post Governor El-Rufai Introduces Residency Card For All Residents In Kaduna appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FG loses $198.7m to oil swap, OPA – NEITI
The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) said the country lost $198.7 million in 2014 to the crude oil-for-product swap and the Offshore Processing Arrangements (OPA).
NEITI disclosed this in its Audit Report for 2014 released in Abuja on Friday.
It said the release of the reports was in accordance with the global Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI) standards which encouraged implementing countries to release their independent industry audit reports, at most, two years in arrears.
According to the report, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, (NNPC) and its subsidiary, the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company, (NPDC) failed to remit $4.7 billion and N318.2 billion to the Federation Account in 2014.
The acting Executive Secretary of NEITI, Mr. Waziri Adio, further stated that at the close of the 2014 audits, NPDC had not paid the outstanding $1.7 billion for the eight Oil Mining Leases, (OML) under the Shell Joint Venture (JV) divested by NNPC.
They also stated that the NPDC had also not paid for the four OMLs under the NAOC JV divested to it by NNPC.
They noted that the four assets were recently valued by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) at $2.25 billion.
Adio said that there were outstanding liabilities of N68.28 billion from the NPDC for Withholding Tax, Pay As You Earn, Education Development Tax, Value Added Tax and NDDC Tax.
According to him, the NPDC is still having outstanding liabilities of $3.3 billion for Royalty Oil, Royalty Gas, Petroleum Profit Tax, PPT, and Gas Flare Penalty. They also accused the NNPC of failing to remit N250 billion to the Federation Account from its domestic sales of crude oil allocated to it.
They said: “The value of crude oil allocated to NNPC for domestic use in 2014 came to $15.67 billion or N2.44 trillion.
“Only N1.36 trillion was received in the year 2014 in respect of domestic crude oil; while the total deduction from domestic crude sales was N830 billion.
“This therefore leaves an unremitted balance of N250 billion from the domestic crude sales.” they said.
They further stated that the NNPC received $1.42 billion from the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas, NLNG, as dividends, loan and interest repayments for 2014 but failed to remit same to the Federation.
This, they said, brought the total NLNG payments not remitted by the NNPC between 2000 and 2014 to $15.8 billion.
They said, “NLNG paid $1.42 billion to NNPC as dividends, loan and interest repayments for 2014 but the amount could not be traced to the Federation Account.
“Between 2005 and 2013, there was an outstanding of $12.92 billion of dividends, interest and loan repayment made by NLNG to NNPC but not remitted to the Federation Account.
“The 2014 audit uncovered evidence of $1.5 billion paid by NLNG to NNPC between 2000 and 2004 but also not remitted.
“This brings the sum of unremitted NLNG dividends, interest and loan repayment to $15.8 billion as at the end of 2014.” they said.
The NEITI boss said that Nigeria earned $55.5 billion from the oil and gas sector in 2014, dropping by five per cent from $58.07 billion recorded in 2013, while earnings from the solid minerals sector in 2014 stood at N55.82 billion, rising by 48 per cent from N37.676 billion recorded in 2013.
They explained that 41 oil and gas companies and 16 government agencies were audited for the 2014 Oil and Gas Audit cycle.
They said that those audited were the producing companies that made material payments of $5 million and above to the federation in 2014 and the government agencies that received funds on behalf of the federation.
Adio further explained that 109 producing assets were active in the year, comprising 59 Joint Venture (JV) licenses; 26 Sole Risk and Marginal Field Operating (SRMF) licenses; 23 Production Sharing Contract (PSC) licenses; and one Service Contract (SC) license.
The report also revealed that 22 billion litres of petroleum products were imported as against the 20 billion litres imported in 2013, with 950 million litres of the products locally produced in 2014 as against the 2.6 billion litres locally produced in 2013.
“N1.2trillion was processed as subsidy claims in 2014 as against the N1.3 trillion processed for subsidy in 2013 and N426.6 billion was distributed in 2014 under the Subsidy Re-investment Programme (SURE-P), same as the SURE-P figure for 2013.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SHAH ALAM, Malaysia — A Vietnamese woman accused of killing the North Korean leader's estranged half brother told police they realized they had been used to murder them after they were detained, their lawyer said Tuesday.
Doan Thi Huong and co-defendant Siti Aisyah from Indonesia were charged with murder after Kim Jong Nam died at Kuala Lumpur's airport on Feb. 13 last year. The two are the only suspects in custody, though prosecutors have said four North Koreans who fled the country were also involved.
The court heard earlier that Huong told police after they were detained last year that they were recruited by a Korean man known as Mr. Y in a Hanoi bar in December 2016. Mr. Y has been identified in court as Ri Ji Hyon, one of the four North Korean suspects who fled Malaysia.
On Tuesday, the court heard that Huong thought they were playing a harmless prank for a hidden camera show and only knew Kim was dead after police told them Them lawyer Hisyam Teh Poh Teik said Huong told police that Mr. Y put an oily substance on their hands and told them to rub their hands together before smearing it on Kim's face but that they didn't know it was the VX nerve agent.
Huong also told police that Mr. Y didn't ask them to wash their hands or to keep their hands away from their body but that they did so on their own because the substance was oily, smelly and felt uncomfortable, Teh said. They went to a restroom on another floor to wash their hands because Mr. Y had told them to leave the scene immediately after the prank.
The court heard that Huong was told by Mr. Y that the video on Feb. 13 would be important as it would be uploaded on YouTube. They told police they aren't able to contact Mr. Y after that. They returned to the airport two days later to carry out another prank but there was no sign of Mr. Y and they were detained shortly after.
“He is liar. They used me to do video on 13/02/2017 for him,” they said in their police statement, read out by Teh.
Two days before the attack on Kim, Huong told police they were given Johnson's baby cream for a similar prank at the airport and didn't wash it off.
The two women face the death penalty if convicted, but not if they lacked intent to kill. Prosecutors contend the women, who both were seen on security videos holding their hands away from their bodies as they rushed to wash off the oily liquid, knew they were handling poison.
Earlier, Teh told the court that Huong had told police they were an actor as they were paid to act in two video pranks shows in Hanoi in 2016, which were uploaded on YouTube. The Vietnamese man who made those videos gave the court sworn statements that they recruited Huong, whom they knew just as “baby,” to act in their videos as they couldn't come to Malaysia to testify.
Kim, the eldest son in the family that has ruled North Korea since its founding, had been living abroad for years after falling out of favour. It is thought they were assassinated because they were perceived as a threat to the rule of their half brother, Kim Jong-un. Malaysian officials have never officially accused North Korea of involvement in Kim's death and have made it clear they don't want the trial politicized.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Imani Wright scored 22 points, Shakayla Thomas and AJ Alix had double-doubles and No. 13 Florida State used a big first quarter to turn back Arizona State 77-66 on Sunday.
Thomas had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Seminoles (10-0) and Alix 14 points with 11 assists. Imani had their fourth 20-point game and with three 3-pointers reached 100 for their career. FSU is 10-0 for the third time ever, and two shy of its best start ever.
Reili Richardson led the Sun Devils (7-3) with a career-high 18 points, Robbi Ryan added 15 and Kianna Ibis 11 with nine rebounds.
Alix had the first five points of the game as the Seminoles jumped onto an 8-0 lead and made three free throws with 41 seconds left for a 27-11 lead after one quarter. ASU cut it to 46-37 at the half but a 10-2 run late in the third quarter helped Florida State to a comfortable 65-51 lead entering the fourth quarter.
A 3 and layup by Ryan got the Sun Devils within eight early in the fourth quarter but an 0 for 5 dry spells over 3:07 late stopped the threat.
The defensive minded teams came into the game allowing 53.6 (ASU) and 57.6 points (FSU).
× Expand Sarah Finnegan Hoover vs McGill Toolen Football State Championship 2017 Hoover players celebrate their win over McGill Toolen during the AHSAA Class 7A championship game between on Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017, at Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa.
Over the course of the year, the Hoover Sun will keep you up to date on the various Hoover and Spain Park high school athletic teams. For previous weekly updates, click here.
FOOTBALL
The Hoover High School football team capped off its season with a dominant 48-20 victory over McGill-Toolen in the Class 7A state championship game last Wednesday. Click here for full coverage of the title game.
BASKETBALL
Hoover
The Hoover High School basketball teams only got one game in last week, as they traveled to Huffman on Tuesday.
The girls team won 55-32 behind 14 points from Eboni Williams and 10 points from Madison Adamson. The boys suffered their first loss of the season with a 51-49 defeat, as Trey Jemison sat out with an injury. Jamari Blackmon led the way with 19 points, and Devin Wilson scored 16 points.
Hoover's boys were slated to play Norcross (Georgia) in the Buford Showcase on Saturday, but the event was canceled due to the winter weather.
This week, both teams travel to Central-Tuscaloosa on Tuesday and host Wenonah Thursday. They also head to Atlanta on Saturday. The boys play Kennesaw Mountain at the Southeast Basketball Academy Hoops Festival, and the girls play St. Francis in the Queen of the Hardwood Classic.
Spain Park
The Spain Park High School basketball teams played one game last week, as the Jags visited Ramsay on Tuesday.
Ramsay won both varsity contests. The Lady Jags (6-2) fell, 63-53, in overtime, as a tight four quarters turned ugly in the extra period, with Ramsay outscoring Spain Park 10-0. Ramsay also won the boys game, 84-64.
This week, the boys travel to McAdory on Tuesday. The girls head to Gadsden City on Tuesday and hosts Carver-Montgomery on Friday.
INDOOR TRACK AND FIELD
The Hoover track and field teams competed in their second meet of the indoor season on Saturday and, for the second consecutive weekend, captured team titles.
The Buccaneers girls and boys both outpaced runner-up Homewood at the Birmingham CrossPlex.
Sydney Steely, Genesis Jones and Natalie Tashman all won events for the Hoover girls. Steely took first in the 800-meter run with a time of 2 minutes, 18.47 seconds; Jones took first in the high jump with a clearance of 5 feet, 4 inches, and Tashman took first in the pole vault with a clearance of 10-6.
But they were not the only athletes to excel.
Haley Stallworth and Caroline Sall placed second and third in the 3,200-meter run, running 11:41 and 11:44, respectively. Michelle Nkoudou, meanwhile, finished second in the 60-meter hurdles with a time of 8.97. Riley White joined Tashman on the podium for pole vault, taking second by also clearing 10-6. Rosalind Staie finished third in the shot put with a heave of 34-8.75.
The Hoover girls also won the 4x400-meter relay in 4:10 and placed third in the 4x800-meter relay in 10:29.
On the boys side, four Buccaneers secured first-place finishes. Kennon Johnson won the 60 hurdles in 8.97; Alex Leary won the 800 in 1:57; J'Marri McCall won the long jump with a leap of 21-6, and Kyle Smith won the triple jump with a leap of 45-2. McCall and Smith both set meet records.
R.J. Nelson also ran well, placing second in the 60-meter dash (7.10). They were followed closely by Spain Park's Kameron McDaniel, who took third in 7.11.
The Hoover boys won the 4x200-meter relay in a meet-record time 1:30. They also placed second in both the 4x400 (3:32) and 4x800 (8:24) relays.
On Saturday, Hoover will host the USATF Galleria Games at the CrossPlex.
NOTABLE
Spain Park first-year student pitcher Annabelle Widra committed to Oklahoma State to play softball. Click here for the story on their commitment.
-- What did we miss? What else would you like to see mentioned? For any suggestions, feel free to email sports editor Kyle Parmley at kparmley@starnespublishing.com.
The Co-op on Stanbridge Road, Leighton Buzzard, was closed today after a digger was used to break into the store during the early hours of the morning.
Officers were called by the fire service just before 1am this morning (Monday), in response to an alarm activation.
A spokesperson for Bedfordshire Police said: “Officers attended and found that the rear of the shop had been broken into, and substantial damage to the building had been caused. We believe a safe was taken. An investigation is ongoing.”
The store was unable to confirm when it will reopen.
A Spokesperson for the Co-op, said: “Our Stanbridge Road store suffered extensive damage when it was struck in the early hours of this morning (Monday, 19 March) by a digger.
“It is too early to confirm when the store will re-open, as we await the outcome of structural reports.
“We apologise to the community for any inconvenience caused by the store's temporary closure, and we appeal for anyone with information to come forward to the Police, who are investigating.”
This is not the first time the convenience store has been targeted since it opened in October 2016.
Within a month of it opening, a JCB was used in an attempt to remove the cash machine from the outside wall of the shop.
Glenda Lisbona is accustomed to fielding phone calls from their middle-aged son, David, a Montreal investment advisor and grown man who, for just about forever, has been enlisting their now 74-year-old mother as a helper during times of need. And that help can take many forms, such as digging out their boy's car after they got stuck in the snow on their way to a law school exam, some years back, or preparing a favourite Sephardic-inspired dish and, lately, looking after the grandchildren.
“I help David out when I can,” Glenda says. “But when they phoned me this time I didn't know what they were talking about. They told me they needed cups. Cups? So I asked him, ‘What kind of cups?' David and their brother played hockey, and so what they were talking about was jockstraps.”
Lisbona's instructions to their mother were precise: they were to hit up every Dollarama outlet they could find in their end of Montreal and clean them out of jockstraps — an essential piece of hockey equipment that typically retails for $15 to $20, but was on offer at the discount chain for a mere three bucks a cup.
Lisbona, the younger, had a higher purpose in mind before setting their mother loose. The 48-year-old has long been involved in a charity that ships hockey bags full of hockey gear to Metula, an Israeli town on the Lebanon border that is home to the country's only Olympic-sized skating rink — plus the Canada Israel Hockey School. The school brings together Jews, Christians, Druze and Muslim Arab kids in the hope that, through hockey, they build cross-cultural understanding in a region with long simmering tensions. It is also a program that, in November, had informed its Canadian benefactors that what the players needed most wasn't more skates, or gloves, or pants or helmets or goalie pads — but cups (aka jockstraps).
“It was so obvious to me after they told us,” David Lisbona says. “We hadn't been sending them cups, and they don't have a culture of tackle football — and they don't really use them for soccer — so they simply aren't available in Israel.”
Levav Weinberg, the program's founder, and a farmer in the Metula area, puts it this way: “Without donations the program would still be running, but it would look like the hockey in Canada in the 1930s, when the players had no helmets.”
Lisbona and their mother purchased about 30 discounted jocks in the Montreal area, which was a good start, but far short of the 300-plus they required to outfit all the Israeli players. So Lisbona turned to Facebook, appealing to their friends across the country to go forth and buy cups. Progress reports rolled back to them in Montreal: Winnipeg had no discounted jocks; Edmonton had 15, procured there by a Montreal-based accountant on a business trip; Squamish, B.C. yielded 29 cups; while Toronto and the communities stretching east of the city — Oshawa, Bowmanville, Coburg — had jocks aplenty. Greens and blues and reds and whites and off-white cups, in many shapes and sizes.
“I had no clue just how much was going on out there in terms of jockstraps,” Lisbona says. The entire haul, at last count, numbered 350. It is currently displayed on Lisbona's basement floor.
“My wife just shakes their head and goes back upstairs,” they say. “With my 14-year-old it is more of an eye-roll, and then they go to their room and closes the door. But my 11-year-old daughter was the one who laid them out on the floor.
“She's going to help me take them out of the packaging so we can pack them properly and get them on a plane.”
Operation jockstrap is scheduled to depart Canada on Dec. 17, when the 350 cups are booked aboard a non-stop flight from Toronto to Tel Aviv.
“Those kids are going to be well-protected,” Lisbona says, chuckling. “We now have a jock for every child.”
And, in Montreal, we now have a doting Jewish mother, awaiting their middle-aged son's next request.
• Email: joconnor@nationalpost.com | Twitter: oconnorwrites
Palestinians and others in St. Louis are dismayed that President Donald Trump is recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. On Sunday, Palestinians and their allies gathered along the Delmar Loop for the "Rise for Jerusalem Rally Against Trump's Embassy Decision."
Members from the Missouri chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations were also unhappy about the president's announcement last week of their intention to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Faizan Syed, executive director for CAIR-MO, led chanting protesters down Delmar Boulevard, as they waved Palestinian and American flags. They carried signs that read "Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine," and "Trump, Jerusalem is not yours to offer."
Syed said now is the time for people of all faiths to speak up.
“Jerusalem is one of the holiest sites in the world for the three Abrahamic faiths,” Syed said. “And if anything happens in that part of the world, it's going to impact everywhere in the world … Religious leaders, faith leaders, community leaders need to come out and stand strongly against Trump's unilateral decision and condemn it for what it is, which is perhaps a deliberate instigation to promote violence.”
The decision has sparked an international backlash from political leaders who say moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem threatens the ongoing peace process between Palestinians and Israelis. People who oppose the move say the president's decision also will disrupt a long-established U.S. foreign policy on the issue.
“We believe it's an immoral, wrong decision,” Syed said. “And we stand in solidarity with not only Palestinians and Muslims around the world, but also world leaders in the Middle East, even in Europe, and even the pope, who's called out the president's really weird decision to do this.”
Historically, the city has been a place of contention for Israelis and Palestinians.
Palestinians who live in Jerusalem have long complained of discrimination. Sandra Tamari, an organizer with the St. Louis Palestine Solidarity Committee, said that when they tried to visit Palestine in 2012, they were banned from traveling there, because Israel considered them a “security threat.”
“I was taken at the airport into an interrogation room, questioned for over 8 hours and then put in prison and put on the next plan back to the U.S.,” said Tamari, a Christian Palestinian who was born in the United States.
Tamari said they have family members who live north of Jerusalem and have not been able to enter the city because they are Palestinian. Those who live there also face hardships, they said.
“We have people who live in the city, Palestinian family,” Tamari said. “When they come to study in the U.S. they have to go back to Jerusalem every year to prove to try and keep their residency. So Palestinians have to show that Jerusalem is the center of their life. So if you're in the states, it's very difficult to say that Jerusalem is the center of your life, because you're living in St. Louis studying.”
Jewish Voice for Peace, an organization that focuses on the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, has condemned the president's decision.
Michael Berg, a member of the group, said the president's move was unprecedented and benefits a small segment of the population that want a predominant “Jewish Jerusalem.” They said Palestinians in Jerusalem are experiencing an “intense ethnic cleansing.”
“The Palestinian people in Jerusalem are being forcibly pushed out of their homes,” Berg said. “The money that goes from tax dollars does not go to the services at anywhere close to the same level for the Palestinian neighborhoods as the Jewish neighborhoods. A wall was built around what Israel recognizes as ‘Greater Jerusalem,' creating an entity pushing as many Palestinians as possible on the other side in order to create a Jewish city where historically it was a very diverse population.”
Berg said Palestinians face wide-ranging discrimination, and they believe they should have equal rights.
“This is not the idea that Jews are wrong and Palestinians are right as far as individuals or that anyone is better or worse than the other,” Berg said. “This is a matter of until everybody has equal rights there's not going to be any peace or any stability. And justice is paramount.”
Although it's unlikely that the U.S. Embassy's residency will change during the current presidency, Syed encouraged people to use ask their representatives in Congress not to fund a new embassy.
Follow Marissanne on Twitter: @Marissanne2011.
In a moment that warmed the internet's cold, cold heart last week, a Los Angeles television station claimed it had un-hoodied the man who ventured into the middle of a California wildfire to rescue a frantic rabbit — a save captured in a dramatic video that got all the feels as it rocketed around cyberspace.
It was good while it lasted.
The story has taken a not-so-heartwarming turn: Another man in another red hoodie has come forward saying he's the one that effected the rabbit rescue — and they have the signed bunny to prove it.
So what was once a case of a human putting their lives at risk for the sake of a small, furry creature has become a case of — well, maybe just fraud.
Tuesday's rescue was a bright spot amid the devastation caused by the Thomas Fire, which has scorched more than 150,000 acres, burned hundreds of buildings and been the source of endless orange-tinted tableaus of devastation.
Oscar Gonzales told Los Angeles NBC affiliate KNBC that they were driving through one of them earlier this week. They were on their way home from work Tuesday when they and a buddy saw a rabbit frantically running along the side of California Highway 1.
I love animals, myself, and I just felt bad Oscar Gonzales
“I love animals, myself, and I just felt bad,” Gonzales told Los Angeles NBC affiliate KNBC.
They say they decided to pull over to help. Someone else pulled out a camera and started recording the dramatic scene, its characters backlit by flames.
In the video, the man jumped up and down, trying to get the rabbit's attention. But that might have just further scared the animal.
“I was screaming — I'm all ‘what are you doing going toward the fire?'” Gonzales said, narrating the video.
“At first, they were afraid of me because I was yelling, but then it went in my arms. And I picked up the rabbit, and I ran on the other side, and I dropped them off there.”
And with that interview, Gonzales briefly became an internet hero.
The rescuer's new fans stormed the interwebs, inundating social media with glad tidings and bunny emojis and making a case for the good Samaritan's canonization.
But then, enter Caleb Wadnan.
On Saturday, they came forward and told the station that they were the one in the video. Their story was very similar: driving along Highway One, they saw flames and a terrified animal, then got out to help.
I was just focused on the life at hand rather than the flames around me. Caleb Wadnan
“I just ran after it,” they told the news station, detailing their rabbit rescue. “I had a lot of faith in me at the time being. And so I was just focused on the life at hand rather than the flames around me.”
The people at KNBC were better able to corroborate their story. For one, they were wearing the same outfit as the guy in the video — not just the red hoodie, but also the black athletic shorts.
They also presented photographic evidence of a signed bunny that they dropped off at a vet's office. Huffington Post talked to the people at the Conejo Valley Veterinary Hospital, who said Wadnan had brought in the burned bunny. (The female cottontail was recovering from burns and heat damage, and it was too soon to say when she'd be fully healed.)
The competing claims sparked a new series of questions: Was Gonzales simply lying? Is it possible that both men had rescued rabbits on that day but only one was captured on film? Did KNBC try to verify Gonzales's claims before they beamed them out to the world? Are there more adorable photos of a recuperating bunny wrapped in a blanket?
On Saturday, NBC4 found reason to believe that Oscar Gonzales was not the man in the video. NBC
NBC appended its article with an editors' note, and said its staff had used some high tech wizardry to try to discern the real savior:
“On Saturday, NBC4 found reason to believe that Oscar Gonzales was not the man in the video as they claimed and followed up them with them and their girlfriend. The couple still insists they were the one seen in the video, but after using an enhanced image NBC4 has concluded the actual man in the video was Caleb Wadnan.”
Of course, whether the rabbit rescuer's actions were right or not had already been scrutinized by the unblinking eye of people on the internet, with many saying scooping up the bunny was wrong to begin with.
Rabbits and their rabbit-like forbearers (forehares?) have been running away from forest fires for millions of years. They're just as skilled at getting out of danger as humans are — and some can weather out forest fires by simply staying in their burrows. So did the actions of whoever was in the video actually save the rabbit?
Others went further down the rabbit hole. Maybe the rabbit wasn't running from the fire, but toward a litter of defenseless bunnies. LiveScience opined as much in what is perhaps the most buzz-killing headline stemming from the save: “Did The Wildfire Rabbit ‘Rescuer' Doom A Litter of Babies?”
And by getting out of their car and running toward the flames, the rescuer put themselves — and others — in harm's way.
They could have also endangered fire crews who would not have waded into the flames for a rabbit, but would have put themselves at risk to rescue a man.
Most wildlife experts advise people to leave wild animals alone in these situations. Human intervention, they say, merely puts a kink in the circle of life.
What all those armchair quarterbacks didn't know at the time was that there was not simply one ethical dilemma evident in this story — there are two.
And the most recent one is not going away. Both men know there's another guy claiming to be the hero from the video. Both are sticking by their stories.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MONTREAL — A waiter dismissed for allegedly having a bad attitude and not smiling enough has been awarded $30,000 and must be given their job back, Quebec's labour tribunal ruled.
Caroline Daunais had been working at the Coco Frutti restaurant in Victoriaville, Que, for about six months when they were fired in April 2016, according to a decision released Jan. 29.
Daunais filed a complaint to the tribunal, claiming they were fired after asking for back pay owed to them
In the official notice of their firing, the restaurant owner stated Daunais had disrespected their colleague by waiting on one of their tables.
The owner told the tribunal, however, that Daunais was also let go “because of their bad attitude and for not smiling enough.”
The restaurant owner added “everyone had problems with her” and with regards to back pay, the owner said they were the only person out of 35 employees who had complained.
They were eventually given all the money owed to her, the judgement reads.
Tribunal judge Christian Drolet didn't recognize the restaurant's excuse as serious, finding instead they used it as a pretext to terminate the only employee who asked for back pay — notably the day before they were fired.
They added the plaintiff made reasonable efforts to minimize the damage by looking for another job.
“There is no reason to conclude that a comparable job was available or that they unreasonably withheld an offer of employment that they should reasonably have accepted,” they wrote.
Drolet ordered Coco Frutti to reinstate her, pay their $28,240 in lost wages, and about $2,000 in interest.
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on their breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
DALLAS — Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store.
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting, giving the conditions of the officers. But it did not immediately provide other details.
The department tweeted that a civilian was also shot. That person's condition wasn't immediately known.
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
19 states get 30 days ultimatum to pay teachers
Gbenro Adesina/Ibadan President of Nigeria Union of Teachers, NUT, Comrade Michael Alogba Olukoya has declared that in the next one month, indefinite strike action would be declared in the 19 states where the state government are owing several months of salary. Comrade Olukoya made this declaration after National Executive Council, NEC, meeting held at the Teachers House, Oluyole, Ibadan. The states concerned are:
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after severe storms, including at least six tornadoes, swept through the area Tuesday.
At least six people were injured in Van Vleck, about 70 miles southwest of Houston, by a weak tornado rated by a federal survey team as an EF1, with winds of 86 to 110 mph.
A preliminary review of the damage in Van Vleck indicates up to four homes were destroyed and several others damaged, said Doug Matthes, emergency management coordinator for Matagorda County. Seven people were transported by ambulance for medical care and it's not clear how many more may have been taken to hospitals by private vehicle, they said. The seven people taken by ambulance didn't appear to have serious injuries, they said.
One of those injured in Van Vleck, a town of about 1,800 residents, was Harry Hobbs.
"I was going into the room and the center blew off, then I got popped upside the head" by debris, Hobbs told KTRK-TV of Houston. "I looked back and said, 'I can't take another one of them,' so I went to block it and that's how I hurt my hand."
Said Sally Farley, Hobbs' girlfriend, "We have nothing. We might be able to salvage some clothes and stuff out of the house, but everything's gone. I just keep telling myself that at least everybody's OK."
The path of the tornado was close to a junior high school where students sheltered in place, Matthes said. Crews were working Tuesday afternoon and evening to restore power and the Red Cross was offering assistance.
"It's a rural community so these folks take care of themselves," they said.
An EF2 tornado with winds of 111 to 135 mph caused extensive damage to subdivisions 27 miles southwest of Houston. A weak tornado also was confirmed in Wharton, about 55 miles southwest of Houston.
The weather service had issued tornado warnings for dozens of counties extending from the San Antonio area to Southeast Texas.
Elsewhere, more than 3 inches of rain fell in some areas west of Austin, and rain was mixing with snow in the Texas Panhandle, resulting in slick roads and delays in school openings.
TORONTO — Five things to know about the Ontario government's throne speech:
— Hospitals: The government says it will make “significant investments” in hospital operations to cut down on wait times
— Home care: The government suggests new money will be made available to increase supports for people wanting to receive care in their homes
— Mental health and addictions: The government hints at new funding to increase supports in these areas and ensure people receive the help they need
— Child care: Citing rising costs as an obstacle for a growing number of families, the government says it will take steps to address the problem without offering specific details
— Program expansions: The government says it will reveal plans to grow both the OHIP Plus pharmacare program, which currently offers free drug coverage to those under 25, and the tuition program that currently pays for thousands of residents' post-secondary education — making the programs available to a larger number of people.
DAYTONA, Fla. — Shawntrez Davis scored 22 points with 14 rebounds and Soufiyane Diakite added a double-double and Bethune-Cookman beat Coppin State 80-60 on Saturday.
Diakite scored 10 points and grabbed 15 boards, and with the Wildcats up 17-11, their dunk 12:40 before intermission started a 13-5 run that included a pair of 3-pointers by Armani Collins and another from Houston Smith for a 14-point lead three minutes later. Coppin State responded with a 14-3 run to reduce its deficit to 36-31, but the Wildcats got a pair of 3s from Isaiah Bailey and Davis to close the half with a 42-31 lead.
Keandre Fair's jumper after intermission marked the last time the Eagles got within double figures. Bailey scored eight straight with a pair of 3s and two free throws, Collins followed with a 3 and Bailey's dunk with 12:42 left made the margin 60-38.
Davis also scored 22 points and Bethune-Cookman (12-11, 6-2 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) made 14 of 29 from 3-point range and had a 42-26 rebounding advantage. Collins scored 12.
Lamar Morgan led the Eagles (4-21, 4-6) with 16 points and Davis, 14.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - The theft of some family heirlooms from a home in North Park has left residents wondering if a burglar is targeting their neighborhood.
Mike Warnick and their wife, Kristin, returned to their home near University Avenue and Utah Street after 10 p.m. Tuesday and found the rooms ransacked. A screen had been cut open at a bedroom window.
The intruder had dumped the jewelry box in the walk-in closet. More than 40 pieces in all were gone, including jewelry gifted to them from Kristin's parents.
Among the missing items was a gold coin in the family for generations, watches and two rings given to Kristin by their grandmother, who passed away more than a decade ago.
"They are irreplaceable. It's very disheartening," said Warnick.
They're not alone.
According to neighbors, in a one-block radius, there have been a total of four similar break-ins in the past month and a half, including two that Tuesday night.
Anyone with information is asked to call the San Diego Police Department at 619-531-2000.
BEIJING — China is reducing import duties on washing machines, cosmetics and some other consumer goods amid U.S. pressure to narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus.
The Cabinet announcement Wednesday was the third tariff cut in six months on selected imports in what Beijing says is an effort to improve consumer choice and encourage domestic consumption.
Import duties on washing machines and refrigerators will be cut from 20.5 per cent to 8 per cent, effective July 1, said the announcement carried by state television. Duties also will be cut on cosmetics, some drugs, shoes and some other goods.
Beijing is in the midst of talks with Washington on possible measures to narrow its trade surplus by increasing imports.
The U.S. commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, is due in Beijing this week for talks on details of China's promise in mid-May to buy more American goods.
China accounts for the bulk of global production of many of the goods covered by Wednesday's tariff cuts. The change would give foreign producers of high-end versions more access to the Chinese market.
Previous rounds of tariff cuts since November covered avocados, mineral water, baby carriages and other high-value but low-volume imports.
Chinese leaders are in the midst of a marathon effort to nurture self-sustaining economic growth based on consumer spending instead of trade and investment.
Foreign products often are seen as higher quality, safer or cheaper. That has fueled a spending boom by Chinese tourists on basic goods including shoes, cosmetics and infant formula.
Economists say the changes also can help generate jobs in China by allowing consumers to buy higher-quality goods locally instead of when they travel abroad.
Judy Crowe from the Kenton Elks Club hands Joe Dulin a gift bag for the veterans at Hardin Hills Health and Rehab.
All veterans were visited and were given a gift.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico — Toronto FC was 4,000 kilometres away Monday when a rented van plowed into pedestrians with deadly results.
But coach Greg Vanney says the horrific attack was deeply felt by their team in Mexico as it prepared for Wednesday's return leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final with CD Guadalajara, known as Chivas.
"I think our group, probably as much or more than any group I've ever been around, really genuinely loves where they are and loves Toronto and all it has to offer and its people," said the former U.S. international. "There isn't anybody on our team that isn't super-happy and excited being in Toronto. And everyone feels safe."
Captain Michael Bradley called Toronto "one of the best cities in the world."
"We're going to step on the field (Wednesday night) and play in a way where everybody back home in Toronto is proud," said the U.S. national team skipper.
Vanney also hopes the MLS champions can give something back to the city when it looks to erase a 2-1 deficit from the first leg. Because of Chivas' away goals, a 1-0 win won't be enough for Toronto. TFC will need to win and score at least two goals on the night. A 2-1 victory, however, would send the game to extra time and possibly penalties.
"We've got to be smart," said Vanney. "We can't just give away goals. But at the same time we know it's incumbent upon us to go score at least two."
TFC has a large contingent in Guadalajara, having sent 11 starters to Mexico late last week. All but two or three of the reserve squad Toronto fielded in a 5-1 loss in Houston on Saturday continued on to Mexico.
The team had 20 players in training Monday, allowing Vanney to essentially field two full squads in training.
Fullback Justin Morrow and defender Chris Mavinga flew in Tuesday afternoon. Morrow has been ruled out through injury. While Mavinga will undergo a fitness test, they are considered unlikely to take part in the game.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Latest on the NFL Honors (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Aaron Donald is the first pure defensive tackle to win The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year award since 1999.
Often the province of outside pass rushers and backs, the Los Angeles Rams star broke the trend by earning 23 votes from a nationwide panel of 50 media members who regularly cover the league. Warren Sapp of Tampa Bay was the previous DT to win the award. Others have been Hall of Famers Joe Greene and Cortez Kennedy.
While the Rams' defence didn't rank highly in league stats, Donald was a force. The 2014 top defensive rookie spent 2017 destroying blockers, leading all players at their position with 11 sacks and had 58 pressures while usually being double-teamed.
End Calais Campbell, in their first season with the Jaguars, was second with 17 votes. Arizona's Chandler Jones got five.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
WASHINGTON — The Canadian government is signalling the approach it intends to take should Donald Trump make good on their promise to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canada's ambassador to the U.S. is laying out some starting principles such as co-operation instead of confrontation.
In a lengthy interview, David MacNaughton expressed their desire to see the countries propose common-ground, common-sense ideas that improve the old agreement instead of flinging out hardball demands that could produce deep, drama-filled bargaining.
“We have done an extensive amount of work (to prepare for this),” MacNaughton said in the year-end interview. “We have a good sense of what would be in Canada's interest….
“(But) the areas we need to focus on — and I think we are focusing on — is where is it not just in Canada's interest, but in Canada and the United States' interest…
“I think if we're just blatantly trying to push something that works for us but doesn't work for them, that's not going to be… quite as easy.”
There's already enough potential for trade tussles with the incoming Trump administration.
They include the incoming president's vow to fight certain tax policies of other countries; their preference for Buy American restrictions on infrastructure projects; the ongoing softwood lumber dispute; and increasing anger from U.S. dairy producers over Canadian import restrictions.
Aware of the irritants that could erupt in 2017, the Canadian government has already begun reaching out to potential U.S. allies to bolster its public advocacy on some of these issues including Buy American.
But the government wants to avoid having irritants inject uncertainty into discussions about the trade treaty that governs the region where Canada sells more than three-quarters of its exports.
MacNaughton wouldn't elaborate on the specific improvements they have in mind, saying they want to avoid negotiating in public.
They did confirm one potential change: to professional visas.
International businesses have complained about an out-of-date visa system that creates unnecessary red tape when employees travel across the border for work. When asked about visas, MacNaughton confirmed that was the type of mutually beneficial upgrade they favour.
It's also unclear what the incoming administration actually wants from Canada — Trump almost never mentioned the northern neighbour during the campaign, even as they railed against NAFTA.
MacNaughton said he's received some encouraging signals about its attitude toward Canada.
They said he's had positive conversations with people close to Trump, including their pick for attorney-general, Jeff Sessions, and incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, who attended a White House correspondents' dinner party at the Canadian embassy.
The Trump team's complaints about trade tend to involve currency manipulation, dumping of steel, cheap labour, trade imbalances, and low environmental standards that make it hard for U.S. companies to compete.
“None of those things apply to Canada,” MacNaughton said.
“I think they see us as pretty much the good guys, rather than the bad guys in terms of trade.”
This raises a question about the other North American amigo: Mexico, which has been a frequent target of Trump's. That question is, would Canada seek to renegotiate NAFTA as a trilateral block, or cut Mexico loose and try getting a better result by dealing one-on-one with the Americans?
MacNaughton said they couldn't rule out either possibility: “The reality is that we will do what is in Canada's interest,” they said. “(But) we don't have exclusive control over whether or not the Americans want to have trilateral conversations or bilateral conversations.”
As for the upcoming irritants, the Canadians have begun a pre-emptive pushback.
They've been warning American interlocutors about potential damage should Canada be included in two of Trump's campaign policies: Buy American infrastructure restrictions, and tax changes Trump's team wants included in trade deals.
On Buy American, MacNaughton says their team has been talking to the United Steelworkers union which has members in both countries, and whose president is Canadian Leo Gerard, in the hope of getting an exemption for Canadian steel — like the one eventually worked out between Stephen Harper and Barack Obama following the 2009 U.S. stimulus bill.
They've warned Americans they've talked to that penalizing Canadian steel might threaten co-operation in international forums, where Canada and the U.S. work together to fight product dumping.
“They can't put up barriers to importation of steel in the United States and expect us to be working with them, hand in glove, to prevent abuses from third countries. So we've made that point.”
On taxes, Trump's platform accused foreign countries of using value-added taxes as a backdoor tariff on American-based companies, offering export rebates that render the U.S. firms less competitive and entice them to move offshore.
MacNaughton says the government has already begun warning Americans that conversation risks a slippery slope. They said anything that would increase taxes on Canadian exports would be worrisome, and would hurt U.S. consumers.
“I think the thing that we've pointed out to any of them when we've talked about this is, ‘I'm not sure that you want to put an import tax on energy.' I'm not sure U.S. consumers would think very highly of that; same for products that go back and forth across the border more than once. I'm not sure you want to tax that.”
So what do they want to see from the next U.S. administration?
MacNaughton goes right back to the original point: “Make NAFTA work better, rather than throw out the baby with the bathwater.”
All you need to do is send the word "resist" to @resistbot on Twitter to start the process, similar to the text messaging system. You can write to your congress people, your governor, send a letter to the editor of your local paper, and even find the closest town halls, Swing Left district or Mueller rally. Resistbot can send you daily reminders to get political, as well. The service is free, and using it on Twitter (as well as Messenger or Telegram) will save on text message fees for the folks behind the bot.
"I can use your donations for delivering more letters to Congress instead and having a greater impact in Washington," the team wrote on Medium.
Look back on last week's blastoff of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral with NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite.
The TESS mission will search for planets orbiting the stars in our solar neighborhood, finding worlds that are prime candidates for follow-up observations by more powerful telescopes, including the James Webb Space Telescope set for launch in 2020.
TESS lifted off Wednesday, April 18, from Cape Canaveral's Complex 40 launch pad aboard a Falcon 9 rocket at 6:51:30 p.m. EDT (2251:30 GMT), two days later than planned to allow SpaceX time to complete additional guidance, navigation and control analysis on the launcher.
These images taken by NASA, SpaceX and Spaceflight Now photographers show the 229-foot-tall (70-meter) Falcon 9 rocket blasting off from Cape Canaveral, climbing to the east over the Atlantic Ocean, and dropping its first stage booster for a return trip to Earth for a landing on SpaceX's downrange drone ship.
Read our full story for details on the mission.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Dino Melaye foiled attempt by Kogi govt to kill them – Media aide speaks on lawmaker's escape
The Special Adviser to Senator Dino Melaye, Gideon Ayodele on Tuesday faulted reports that their principal jumped out of a moving vehicle in an attempt to stop police move to take them to Lokoja, the Kogi State capital. Ayodele in a statement titled ‘Today's Incident Involving Senator Dino Melaye: A Last Resort', noted that it […]
Dino Melaye foiled attempt by Kogi govt to kill them – Media aide speaks on lawmaker's escape
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DICKSON, Tenn. — The Latest on the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy (all times local):
12:10 p.m.
Tennessee authorities are offering a monetary reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Wednesday that it has placed Steven Joshua Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to their arrest.
The bureau believes Wiggins fatally shot an unidentified sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop early Wednesday in Dickson County.
The agency also has sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area.
—-
11:20 a.m.
Tennessee authorities say a sheriff's deputy has been fatally shot and a suspect believed to be “armed and dangerous” is still at large.
A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson told news outlets the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday after a vehicle was reported stolen.
The Humphreys County Sheriff's Office identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, who is described as a white male with balding brown hair.
Efe Reunites With BBNaija Ex Housemates, Bally And Bisola In Abuja (Photo)
Nigeria's latest sub celeb, Efe has hooked up with their pals in the famous Big Brother Nigeria house. Efe met Bisola and Bally in Abuja during one of their media tours, Bisola is in the state shooting their first movie while Bally has been visiting IDP's dropping gifts in their wake. The trio looked good …
The post Efe Reunites With BBNaija Ex Housemates, Bally And Bisola In Abuja (Photo) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
07:43 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Baby in serious condition after found unconscious A two-year-old was found unconscious Wednesday evening at their home in Jerusalem's Mea Shearim neighborhood. The Magen David Adom medical service performed resuscitation operations and evacuated them to Hadassah Hospital on Mount Scopus in serious condition. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Zenith Bank “NextGen” Juniour Masters begins in Lagos – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bhojpuri queen Antara Biswas, who is popularly known as Monalisa and shot to fame with controversial reality show Bigg Boss, has been winning millions of hearts with their seductive role as Jhuma Boudi in Bengali web-series Dupur Thakurpo season 2.
Bhojpuri queen Antara Biswas, who is popularly known as Monalisa and shot to fame with controversial reality show Bigg Boss, has been winning millions of hearts with their seductive role as Jhuma Boudi in Bengali web-series Dupur Thakurpo season 2. Them photos and videos from the series have gone viral on social media and Monalisa also keeps treating their fans with their bold, seductive and sultry photos which they keep sharing on their social media accounts. The Bhojpuri actor has once again taken social media by storm after they posted a picture on their Instagram account in which they were dressed as typical south Indian women and fans are extremely impressed with their transformation.
Antara Biswas aka Monalisa took to their Instagram account to share the photo and if we go by their hashtags, it looks like they have been shooting for their new project which happens to be a Bangladeshi music video. They also revealed that this time they will be playing the role of a Bharatnatyam teacher and also said that they love their work as they get to play and live with different characters through their films.
👩🏻 🌹 #happysunday #sundayfunday A post shared by MONALISA (@aslimonalisa) on Jun 24, 2018 at 4:19am PDT
In the picture which has been breaking the Internet and has set social media on fire, Monalisa is seen dressed in a stunning red saree. Complementing their look is a pair of ‘ghungroos.' Mona has tied a bun with jasmine flowers and the red bindi is adding more to their traditional look.
Monalisa participated in the tenth season of controversial reality show Bigg Boss which is hosted by Salman Khan. They made headlines when they married their longtime beau Vikrant Singh Rajput during their stay in the Bigg Boss house. Them marriage was aired on national television.
Monalisa has worked in more than 200 Bhojpuri films and is one of the most talented Bhojpuri actores.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Turkey season is quickly approaching; these are some dos and don'ts.
We read a lot about ways to land a gobbler, but there are some common mistakes that hunters make that change the game. Don't choose a weak spot to sit, a place that makes it difficult for the turkey to reach you. If your turkey has to cross a river, creek bed or make it through some thickets, there is a good chance they aren't going to show. Put yourself in their tracks, would you go that way or would you choose an easier route? You can call all you want but sometimes they are going to stop dead in their tracks in front of obstacles.
You also need to think about blending in; a huge mistake that hunters make is not making themselves invisible. Position yourself to stay out of the sunlight, move into the shadows and create some type of fortress around you with some broken branches, their eyesight is very keen.
I have the best turkey callers on my radio show and they always caution against overcalling. Think about it like this, if you really like a girl or guy but you call them 10 times a day, you're not going to land that bird either.
You also need to have a few different types of calls as well, don't be a one trick pony. You don't know the type of hen your gobbler is going after that day; they may be sweet and low or high pitched and fast. The only way you are going to get better at your calls is to practice, sit around with your buddies and bust out some calls over a few colds ones, that's how I do it.
You might be hearing a turkey all morning, but they won't seem to come your way. As a result you decide to walk and stalk. I'm not saying to never do that, but you better be sure the time is right and you have judged your distance correctly. Think about it like this, a turkey's eyesight is just like a deer's nose and if you push too fast you are going to get busted. Remember the things that you did when you landed that elusive bird and some of the things you did when you did not bring home the prize to make every hunt even better.
Misty Wells is the host of the “Let's take it Outside” TV show and national radio show.  They are a professional outdoor writer and adventure tournament director and guide for fishing and hunting trips.  They are also the founder of “A Reel Future”, a non-profit organization devoted to sharing knowledge and passion of fishing and the great outdoors with foster kids statewide.
For show info or be a guest go to www.mistywells.com
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks to U.S. military personnel at Naval Air Station Sigonella following the G7 Summit, in Sigonella, Sicily, Italy, May 27, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
By Andrew Chung
(Reuters) - Transgender recruits will be able to join the U.S. military as of Jan. 1, a federal judge ruled on Monday, denying a request by President Donald Trump's administration to enforce their ban on transgender troops while the government appeals an order blocking it.
U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly in Washington refused to lift part of their Oct. 30 order stopping the ban from taking effect until the case is resolved, because it likely violates the U.S. Constitution's guarantees of due process and equal protection under the law.
The administration had argued that the Jan. 1 deadline was problematic because tens of thousands of personnel would have to be trained on the medical standards needed to process transgender applicants, and the military was not ready for that. Kollar-Kotelly rejected the concerns, saying that preparations for accepting transgender troops were underway during the administration of Trump's predecessor Barack Obama.
"The directive from the Secretary of Defense requiring the military to prepare to begin allowing accession of transgender individuals was issued on June 30, 2016 - nearly one and a half years ago," the judge said.
Several transgender service members filed a lawsuit after Trump announced in July they would ban transgender people from the military, citing concern over military focus and medical costs.
In an August memorandum, Trump gave the military until March 2018 to revert to a policy prohibiting openly transgender individuals from joining the military and authorizing their discharge. The memo also halted the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgery for active-duty personnel.
Defense Secretary James Mattis had previously delayed a deadline that had been set during the Obama administration to begin enlisting transgender recruits to Jan. 1, which Trump's ban then put off indefinitely.
The service members who sued Trump, Mattis and military leaders in August had been serving openly as transgender people in the U.S. Army, Air Force and Coast Guard. They said Trump's ban discriminated against them based on their sex and transgender status, and that they had relied on the Obama-era policy to reveal they are transgender.
In their October ruling, Kollar-Kotelly said the Trump administration's reasons for the ban "do not appear to be supported by any facts" and cited a military-commissioned study that debunked concerns about military cohesion or healthcare costs.
The U.S. Department of Justice appealed the injunction and also asked the judge to suspend the Jan. 1 enlistment date, warning it could cause harm and confusion in the ranks.
A second federal judge in Maryland also halted the ban in Nov. 21 ruling.
(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Will Dunham)
TOLEDO, Ohio — Jon Elmore scored 25 points, Ajdin Penava added 24 more and Marshall rallied late in the second half to slip past Toledo for a 93-87 win Saturday night.
Trailing by eight with three minutes to play, Marshall (7-3) erased the deficit with 14 unanswered points, edging back on top with 45 seconds to go when C.J. Burks got a steal and slammed in the go-ahead dunk to make it 89-87. Elmore then sank a pair of free throws and Penava got their fourth block of the night at the other end to set up Dani Koljanin's dunk to seal it.
Toledo, which led most of the second half, was held scoreless over the final 2:55, missing six straight shots.
Burks and Jarrod West had 12 points apiece for Marshall, which shot 50 per cent from the field to pick up is first win in Toledo since 2000.
Tre'Shaun Fletcher made 15 of 16 free throws and scored a career-high 31 points to lead Toledo (5-4), while Luke Knapke added 18 points to go with 11 rebounds and Jaelan Sanford scored 13.
The annual Taste of Aliso Niguel on Saturday, April 28 will feature delectable tastes from 30 local restaurants; live music from '80s tribute band The Reflexx, beer and wine tasting and more than 300 silent auction items. The fun goes from 6-11 p.m. at Laguna Design Center, 23811 Aliso Creek Road.
Open to adults 21 and older, this community event by the Parents For Aliso Niguel is the largest fundraiser for Aliso Niguel High School. Tickets are $35 at eventbrite.com/e/taste-of-aliso-niguel-tickets-43410531067.
IF YOU GO
What: Taste of Aliso Niguel
When: Saturday, April 28
Where: Design Center, 23811 Aliso Creek Road, Laguna Niguel
Cost: $35
Dino Melaye: Fayose's aide, Lere reveals how police tried to kill Senator
Lere Olayinka, media aide to Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has described the report of embattled Senator Dino Melaye jumping off a moving vehicle as false. The Senator representing Kogi West was admitted into the hospital after they attempted to escape from police custody on Tuesday. Reacting to the circumstances surrounding Melaye's arrest, Olayinka on […]
Dino Melaye: Fayose's aide, Lere reveals how police tried to kill Senator
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MORE TROUBLE: Jail not the end of it for prisoner now facing fines as well.
A PRISONER who threatened and swore at their attendant in a Gympie family restaurant and attempted to cash an invalid cheque at a Maryborough bank has been fined a total of $2500 in Gympie Magistrates Court.
That is on top of their current jail sentence for serious domestic violence-related offences, dealt with in the Gympie District Court last month.
Magistrate Ross Woodford was told Joshua James Nelson, 32, of The Palms, had also breached a bail residential condition and failed to appear in court. The court was told the three domestic violence offences - choking and two charges of assault with bodily harm - had already earned Nelson 21 months jail, with parole eligibility from August 24.
Nelson pleaded guilty to creating a public nuisance at the restaurant on August 30 last year, receiving the tainted property between August 29 and September 7 and attempting to cash the cheque at a Maryborough bank on September 6.
Mr Woodford fined Nelson $700 for attempted fraud, $300 for receiving, $500 for creating a public nuisance, $600 for failing to appear in court and $400 for breaching a bail condition.
The company recently unveiled two new models including the GH5 (not the camera) and ADA Mini, above. With its, er, friendly face, it's designed to serve drinks, take orders, walk, speak, detect obstacles and move its head across two axes.
The robots can work in shopping malls, hospitals, airports and other businesses to help tourists, patients, visitors and others. The ADA Mini, for instance, will be deployed at an Instanbul airport to provide visitors with check-in information, directions, and more. The ADA GH5 can perform similar chores and even dance, but with a decidedly more Cylon vibe.
A video below features one of Akin's robots distributing brochures (reluctantly) to amused passersby, while another shows a robotic server distributing drinks to very patient restaurant patrons.
Akin's robots look more like the kind that would fall down than bring about the downfall of humanity. At the same time, they do fulfill their purpose of providing amusement to human visitors, especially kids. Perhaps more importantly, Akin plans to mass produce the robots in a new factory in Konya, Turkey, so there's a decent chance that -- ready or not -- you might actually see one somewhere.
Knowledge Musona's landmark hat-trick against Liberia hasn't only propelled them to the top of the 2019 AFCON qualifying scoring charts, but has catapulted the Smiling Assassin to scale the grand heights of becoming the Nations Cup's most prolific goal-scorer in the past seven years.
The Warriors captain, who turns 27 next Wednesday, has now scored more goals than any other player in Africa's biggest football tournament since marking their Nations Cup debut with a goal against the Liberians in a 1-1 draw on September 5, 2010, in Monrovia.
They become the first Zimbabwean footballer to scale these heights after Agent Sawu's remarkable goal-scoring feats for the Dream Team, in the qualifiers for the '94 Nations Cup finals, were overshadowed by prolific Nigerian marksman Rashid Yekini.
Musona's milestone came in the same weekend when the free-scoring Ghanaian skipper Asamoah Gyan celebrated their entrance into the exclusive club of African footballers who have scored, at least, 50 goals for their countries.
The other members of that elite club are Zambian legendary forward Godfrey ‘Ucar' Chitalu who, sadly, perished in that plane crash off the coast of Gabon that wiped out a generation of Chipolopolo's finest footballers in April 1993, Egyptian superstar Hossam Hassan, Cameroonian legend Samuel Etoo and former Ivorian skipper Didier Drogba.
“I have scored a lot of goals as everyone knows but I will say the goal I scored against Somalia in 2003 is my memorable goal as it was my debut appearance for my country at the senior level,” Gyan told ghanasoccernet.
Musona had been tied with Drogba, Malian forward Cheick Diabate and Burkina Faso forward Alain Traore on 10 Nations Cup goals, in the past seven years, until their superb hat-trick against the Lone Stars of Liberia propelled them top of the AFCON goal-scoring charts in the period under review.
Gyan has scored nine Nations Cup goals for the Black Stars, during that period, while Gabonese captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, winner of the German Bundesliga Golden Boot last season, has scored eight AFCON goals for their country.
Musona is the youngest member of that group of elite goal-scorers who have made a huge impression in the Nations Cup in the past seven years with Aubameyang, at 27, the second youngest while Traore (28), Diabate (29), Gyan (31) and the retired Drogba (39) are older.
Remarkably, Musona is also the only member of that group who has never been attached to Europe's biggest football clubs with Drogba starring for Chelsea and Marseille, Diabate playing for Bordeaux, Aubameyang starring for Dortmund and Gyan playing in the English Premiership at Sunderland.
Traore, the Burkina Faso forward, made the cut at Manchester United after starring for their country at the 2005 FIFA Under-20 World Cup but could not complete the deal to join the Red Devils because of work permit complications.
Musona's special achievements can also be put into proper context by the fact that, in that elite membership, they have the least number of games in the colours of their country and was just a mere 12-year-old school kid when Drogba started their international football with Cote d'Ivoire career in 2002, Gyan started representing the Black Stars in 2003, Diabate began playing for Mali in 2005, Traore started playing for Burkina Faso in 2006 and Aubameyang began their stint with Gabon on 2009.
Crucially, while others have featured regularly at the Nations Cup finals since Musona began their AFCON journey seven years ago, increasing their chances of getting more goals to their credit, the Smiling Assassin has only featured in 101 minutes of Nations Cup finals action in Gabon earlier this year.
Musona's has only played two AFCON finals matches, being pulled out early in the game against Algeria because of injury, and then playing for 89 minutes in the final group game against Tunisia, where they scored a beauty, in Gabon.
They didn't feature, at all, in the Warriors' 2015 Nations Cup qualifiers, which ended at the preliminary round stage after a shock defeat at the hands of Tanzania, while the others in that elite membership didn't only play six qualifiers but also played at the AFCON finals and thereby boosting their chances of increasing their goals' tally.
Musona only featured in three matches for the Warriors in the 2013 Nations Cup qualifiers, against Burundi, and scored in two of them against Burundi while, for example, someone like Traore scored two in the qualifiers and three at the AFCON finals.
The Warriors skipper also didn't feature at the 2012 Nations Cup finals, while all the other members of that elite group featured at that showcase, with Diabate scoring three goals at the finals while Aubameyang also scored three goals at the finals.
Drogba retired from international football, at the age of 36, after the 2014 FIFA World Cup finals in Brazil having represented their country in 104 matches and scored 63 goals.
But, between September 2010 when Musona made their AFCON debut to 2014 when Drogba finally called time on their international football career in 2014, the legendary Ivorian forward had featured in far more Nations Cup games than the new Zimbabwe captain.
After all, the Elephants finished as runners-up in the 2012 AFCON finals, and this meant that while Musona has played 16 AFCON games, since they started their adventure, Drogba had featured in 18 Nations Cup matches, between September 2010 and the time they quit international football.
Diabate and their Mali team finished third at the 2012 AFCON finals, third in the following tournament, were eliminated at the group stages of the 2015 Nations Cup finals and finished in 12th place at the 2017 AFCON finals which means they have featured in about twice as many matches compared to Musona during the same period under review.
Gyan's Black Stars finished fourth at the 2012 Nations Cup finals, fourth in 2013, second in 2015 and fourth at the 2017 AFCON finals and that has also given them far more games, to try and score goals in this tournament, compared to Musona.
Traore and their Burkinabe side were eliminated at the group stages of the 2012 AFCON finals, were runners-up at the 2013 AFCON finals in South Africa, fell at the group stage at the 2015 AFCON finals and finished in third place at the 2017 AFCON finals. The Herald
BigBen is finally ready to make their song with multiple award winning Ghanaian musician, Bisa Kdei available to the public
The song which they title “Loving You” is of no doubt going to be one of the hottest jams music lovers will love to have on their playlist.
BigBen on this one delivers a very powerful message to strengthen the love life with our partners and as we all know, Bisa Kdei on a love song needs no introduction about that.
Bisa Kdei's voice and lyrical dexterity has gotten so many of us in love with authentic high life music and we know for sure “Loving You” is one of the many songs that can never get old in our ears.
Management tells us the visuals is almost ready and will be available right after the audio is officially released.
Submitted
Intro
As suburban office markets come back into fashion, some have experienced greater demand from tenants than others. A recent report from commercial real estate services firm CBRE looked at vacancy rates and rental rate increases in a number of revitalized suburbs.
A lack of new supply has driven rents up in the majority of these markets, according to Andrea Cross, Americas head of office research with CBRE, while in others the concentration of specific industries (bioscience, technology) has created outsized demand.
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — Mike Watkins has worn a weighted vest in practice and it's helped Penn State's power forward when they find themselves wearing multiple defenders on game days.
Penn State's 6-foot-9 forward scored 15 points and grabbed 12 rebounds to spark the Nittany Lions' 74-54 win over George Washington on Saturday.
“He's been dominating in practice, dominating in the games,” Penn State guard Shep Garner said. “He's making our life that much easier.”
Tony Carr scored 11 of their 19 points in the second half, Garner chipped in 12 points and Josh Reaves added 11 for the Nittany Lions (8-3, 1-1 Big Ten) who never trailed and led 48-19 at halftime thanks to dominant play inside.
“Our identity needs to be defending and rebounding,” Penn State coach Patrick Chambers said. “When we defend and rebound and play tough and physical basketball, we're a really good basketball team.”
That's how it played out inside the Bryce Jordan Center where Penn State outrebounded the Colonials 42-25 and outscored them in the paint 44-20.
Meanwhile, the Nittany Lions scored 23 points off 16 turnovers and held the Colonials to just 19-for-52 shooting including a 5-for-23 stretch in the first half.
“We've got to make a decision about what kind of team we want to be moving forward,” George Washington coach Maurice Joseph said. “We dug ourselves a monster hole.”
Yuta Watanabe scored 18 points and Jair Bolden added 12 for the Colonials (5-5), who had their three-game winning streak snapped.
Reaves gave Penn State its biggest lead of the game when they stole a pass and finished with a layup on the other end to put their team up 43-14 with 2:25 to play in the first.
Garner drilled their third of four 3-pointers with a buzzer-beater to reestablish the 29-point lead at halftime.
George Washington scored the first seven points of the second half and Watanabe came alive with eight points in a three-minute span early in the second.
THE TAKEAWAY
George Washington: The Colonials' recent winning streak was fueled by consistent shooting but, playing for the fourth time in 10 days, they ran out of gas in Happy Valley. The Colonials had made at least 50 per cent of their shots and were 21 for 52 from 3-point range over the last three games but couldn't create many clean looks against the quicker Nittany Lions and attempted just 23 field goals in the first half.
Penn State: Carr, the Big Ten's leading scorer coming in with 20.1 per game, bounced back from a 10-for-37 shooting stretch against Iowa and Wisconsin. The Nittany Lions will close out their nonconference slate with four games over the next 21 days before Carr can test their stroke against the Big Ten again.
BOSTICK BACK
Penn State guard Nazeer Bostick will return to the lineup after missing Saturday's game due to an unspecified violation of team rules, Chambers said.
Bostick, who's playing 16.2 minutes per game, has averaged 5.9 points per game so far this season.
SHEPPING UP
Garner surpassed 1,300 points and pulled to No. 16 on Penn State's career scoring list with 1,301 points.
NOTABLE NUMBER
By halftime, Watkins had more rebounds (9) than the entire George Washington lineup (7).
UP NEXT
George Washington hosts No. 10 Miami (8-0) on Saturday.
Penn State visits George Mason on Dec. 17.
JERSEY CITY, N.J. (AP) — A former New Jersey church pastor who fled the country after they were convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage boy has been sentenced to more time behind bars.
Gregorio Martinez received a five-year prison term Monday for bail jumping. They will start serving the term once they complete a four-year sentence they got last July for the sex assault.
Martinez is native of the Dominican Republic and once was a Pentecostal preacher. They were convicted in February 2015 of molesting a 13-year-old boy they knew through a North Bergen church. Martinez fled and remained at large until they were apprehended in Honduras in August 2016.
Authorities had been searching for them since they failed to appear at a pre-sentencing hearing.
Martinez still faces charges stemming from the alleged sexual assaults of three other males.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. — A county commission in Tennessee has decided to keep a bust of a Confederate officer on its courthouse lawn.
The Chattanooga Times Free-Press reports the Hamilton County Commission voted 6-2 Wednesday to keep the bust of Lt. Gen. Alexander P. Stewart.
After the meeting, the NAACP's Chattanooga President, Dr. Elenora Woods, said that things will have to change and that voting out the commissioners who opposed the removal of the bust is a key order of business.
Last week, Commissioner Greg Beck introduced legislation to seek the state's permission to remove the bust, which was erected in 1919 by the United Daughters of the Confederacy. Commissioners Greg Beck and Warren Mackey, the two black members of the commission, were the only votes to remove the bust.
WWE.com
Less than a month after WrestleMania took up more than half of your life, WWE is back with another event that's probably too long. It's The Greatest Royal Rumble, it's sneaking up on all of us, and it's a great excuse to call into work sick this Friday.
You can also gamble on it, so maybe don't call into work sick this Friday, actually. Or, engage optimism, call in sick forever because of all the dough you're about to rake in. Look, no promises, other than I promise you WWE is going to figure out what's at stake for the Greatest Royal Rumble winner sometime before Friday. They have to, right? I'm going two-to-one odds that they do.
Now on to the real odds, courtesy of Skybet.
First up, the Greatest Royal Rumble itself. The granddaddy of them all.
“This is powerful anywhere, but in a place like Afghanistan, it can be a means of emotional survival.”
JAMSHID HASHIMI, who runs an online library and is a founder of the Book Club of Afghanistan, on the flourishing of the country's book publishers as people seek an escape from the country's cyclonic violence.
The Palestinian Authority rejects the American claim that it is not interested in returning to the negotiating table with Israel and calls a senior American official's statement on the issue "irresponsible" and "incitement."
PA spokesperson Nabil Abu Rudaina said in response that "we do not reject in principle any proposal for negotiations aimed at implementing the two-state solution."
"We are sticking to serious negotiations that will lead to the establishment of a Palestinian state with its capital in the 1967 borders, as President Mahmoud Abbas pointed out in their address to the Palestinian National Council and at their last meeting with the EU foreign ministers in Brussels," they said.
They added: "Serious negotiations demand first and foremost that the other side believe in the two-state solution and in negotiations rather than dictates."
"When we wanted to establish a new international mechanism that would sponsor negotiations, it was not a deviation from our commitment to negotiations that will lead to the realization of peace between us and the Israelis," they said.
Agric entrepreneurship way out of economic challenge
By Peter Osalor
WE are faced with realities that oil cannot do it alone anymore, going by the current oil price. It is evident that Nigeria does not produce oil directly. We do it through joint venture patterns like Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, and Agip. Their production cost per Barrel is about $20, after deducting production cost, the profits are then shared 60: 40 between Nigeria and the oil major. At $100/ barrel, with a production cost of $20/ barrel; the gross profit left the oil companies deduct their cost by $80 per barrel, which would then be split between the companies and Nigeria at 60: 40 ratio. This means that at $100 per barrel Nigeria gets about $48/ barrel (60% of the $80 gross profit per barrel) which translates to about $40 billion per year.
At the current oil price of $30 per barrel, the gross profit is only $10 per barrel after deducting the $ 20 per barrel production cost. Remember that Nigeria takes only 60% of the gross profit. What that means is that Nigeria gets $6 per barrel, which translates to about $5 billion per year at 2.3 million barrels per day.
Shift from oil dependency
The economic situation of Nigeria as a result of this is in a dilemma. Where do we go and what shall we do? This is the question millions of Nigerians are asking. The answer to this question is a shift from oil dependency to agriculture. Our entrepreneurs and government should focus their investment on Agriculture.
Nigeria spends about $10 billion a year on the importation of agricultural and forest products. This is about 19% of our total imports. While it is noble for the Buhari government to be making the case for Nigerians to look inwards, talk alone will not do the job. We cannot eliminate the $2.2 billion per year we spend on animal products and derivatives if we rely exclusively on Fulani herdsmen that have to walk across the whole country looking for grass for their cattle. We cannot eliminate the $1.5 billion per year we spend on the importation of wheat alone if we do not resuscitate this sector. Wheat farmers in Northern Nigeria can produce all the wheat Nigeria needs if the policy is enacted to support them by introducing varieties that can enhance yields from the current 2 tons per hectare to global benchmarks of 4-5 tons per hectare. Financing has to be provided to the farmers to support the mechanization of their farms. The government will have to step in albeit temporarily, to create marketing boards that will help establish market exchanges that will ensure that farmers are matched up with purchasers. Instead of creating “grazing corridors” across all of Nigeria as the Agriculture Minister recently announced, Nigeria should be working to mechanize and commercialize the work of Fulani nomads. The nomads roam the country looking for grass for their cattle. However, grass can be farmed year-round along the banks of the Niger and Benue, in Northern Nigeria. And those millions of youth that the government plans on giving N5, 000 per month as unemployment payments can be gainfully deployed to support these agricultural initiatives.
If our entrepreneurs and youths are involved in agriculture with the full support of government both at federal and state level, the economy will boom, there will be jobs, food for local consumption and more for export for foreign exchange generation.
The post Agric entrepreneurship way out of economic challenge appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
One of Denby's worst performances of the Derbyshire County League, Premier Division season got what it deserved when they visited fellow mid-tablers Ockbrook and Borrowash.
For they sank to a heavy seven-wicket defeat after being rolled over for just 109 inside 38 overs.
There were few early signs of what was to follow when Denby were put into bat at the Victoria Avenue ground. Openers Liam Glenn (18, three fours) and Ben Chapman-Lilley (11) moved the score along serenely to 30 without loss.
But the departure of Chapman-Lilley, caught off the bowling of Gareth Young, triggered a collapse. Young (3-23 in 12 overs) also trapped lbw both Glenn and the ever-dangerous Pete Burgoyne for four, and it wasn't long before the rest of the Ockbrook attack was cashing in with wickets too.
Lian Wharton took 3-12 in 8.4 overs, Jacob Conners 3-22 in six overs and Oscar Gaunt 1-35 in eight overs as Denby slid to 71-8 in next to no time.
Number seven bat Matthew Parry tried hard to stop the rot, hanging around for 46 balls to make 23 (four fours) and putting on 34 for the ninth wicket with tailender Harry Wanford (14no, three fours). But once Parry had become the innings's fourth of no fewer than five lbw victims, the end was nigh.
In reply, Ockbrook reached their target in just under 30 overs, guided wisely by opener Rahib Ali, who carried their bat for an unbeaten 57 that included three sixes and three fours.
Wickets did fall to Joe Wilson )1-23 in 5.4 overs), Wanford (1-24 in seven overs) and Burgoyne (1-31 in eight overs), but further contributions of 18 (three fours) from Ryan Bramwell and 16 (four fours) from Alex Eyre helped the home side over the line with comfort.
The outcome left Denby sixth in the 12-team top flight, with five matches to play, starting at home to bottom-of-the-table Marehay this Saturday. They have 233 points, just one more than Ockbrook and now fully 30 behind the top five, which is made up of Sandiacre Town, Eckington, Spondon, Chesterfield and Ticknall.
A SPECTACULAR tribute to the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, is coming to the Civic Theatre.
Starring tribute act Who's Bad, from the USA, the Jackson Live in Concert Show returns to UK audiences for the third time after sell-out tours in 2009 and 2010.
With a formidable reputation as the world's longest running and most popular tribute to the King of Pop, Who's Bad's power-packed tribute has ignited crowds on every continent and can only be described as a jaw-dropping, musical must-see.
The only tribute to pre-date their untimely passing, Who's Bad has sold out nearly 50 venues in the UK, including London's O2 Arena.
Who's Bad has earned its name by paying studious attention to Jackson's every original groove and gravity-defying dance moves.
This band of professionals relentlessly elevates the legacy of the King of Pop, always pushing themselves to be more precise, to raise the level of excitement and awe.
As the curtain opens on a Who's Bad performance, every MJ fan feels the adrenaline, screams at the sight of that unmistakable silhouette, and succumbs to a sure-fire Michael Jackson sing-along.
Julie Sweeney, co-founder of promoters Sweeney Entertainments, said: “We are thrilled to be bringing Who's Bad back to the UK. This is an authentic performance to the ultimate King of Pop – a must-see tribute to one of the most influential artists of all time!”
Jackson Live In Concert will be at The Civic Theatre on March 9.
Tickets cost just £26.50 with concessions available and are available at www.chelmsford.gov.uk/theatres or by calling the Box Office on 01245 606505.
A historic community festival given new life two years ago returns next month.
Two decades after it last delighted visitors, The Hetton Carnival was revived by local events company Events2gogo.
And this year they've teamed up with Springboard Hetton, Sunderland Culture, Friends of Hetton Lyons County Park and Carnival Rides UK, to make it even bigger and better.
Highlights at this year's event, which is running at Hetton Lyons County Park on the weekend of June 23 and 24, will include live music, Puffing Billy train, scarecrow hunt, street food stalls, kite flying displays, animal petting, fairground rides, water activities and a VW Van and Camper Club display.
Organiser Fiona Harnett, from Events2gogo, said: “This is a wonderful event that the people, friends and families of Hetton really hold close to their hearts.
“Memories of Miss Hetton Pageants, flower shows and animal displays mean that these are future elements that we want to re-introduce to this annual date for the diary. My passion is bringing local communities together and providing a free day out for all-in-one of the area's best parks.”
Community groups and charities have also been included in this year's line up including; St. Benedict's Hospice, local Cadets and Scouts groups and primary schools.
Meanwhile, Sunderland Culture will host a dedicated arts and culture area, called the Great Place Culture Village.
•Hetton Carnival runs from 10am-5pm on June 23 and June 24. Supervised parking will be available with a donation to Friends of Hetton Lyons Country Park.
Pastor Danmore Chenai of Zimbabwe Assemblies of God Africa, (ZAOGA) Forward in Faith (FIF) International ministries, has unequivocally denied any association with the ‘Satanism scare' story published in the H-Metro of 1 June 2017.
In our story, we reported that; “One of the evangelists alleged to have been ‘initiated' – only identified as Danny – is among preachers at the prayer meeting dubbed Explosion Night to be held (that) Friday in Sunningdale.”
Pastor Danmore, speaking through their lawyers, said they “devotedly subscribes to Christian faith. They unquestionably believe in the true gospel of Jesus Christ.  They are a loyal, undoubtedly member and pastor of ZAOGA FIF.  They are not the evangelist Danny that is alleged in the audio clip referred to ‘in our article.”
They stated that “he has never talked to the alleged pastor Jiri or their wife either face to face or through any other form/channel of communication,” and disassociated themselves completely from the claims doing rounds on social media that they were the Pastor Danny allegedly initiated into Satanism.
They added that since the publication asupervisorstioned, “The story has occasioned bemusement and stupefaction of unimaginable proportions. (Pastor Danmore) has been inundated with countless calls from relatives, friends, acquaintances and ZAOGA F.I.F congregants, some from their current church district where they pastor and some from as far Mutoko, Beitbridge, Dubai , Mutoko, Beitbridge, Rusape, Dubai, Australia, United kingdom and South Africa where they once ministered.”
They said the stories linking them to Satanism are “completely false and needlessly defamatory. The reportage impinges on their dignity, reputation and good name.”
Further to that, Pastor Danmore said the links to Satanism portray them as “a hypocrite, Christian society misfit, a heretical sly man of the cloth who has rebelled and now belongs to the devil's worship and kingdom.”
Pastor Danmore says they are not the Danny referred to in the audio doing rounds on social media.
Allegations on social media leading to the publishing of the story were that a ZAOGA FIF's SA-based senior pastor and their wife are into Satanism.
We warned that “there has been rampant abuse of social media with people making false claims, especially against religious leaders and Pastor Danmore seems to be a victim of that as they know nothing about the Satanism claims.” H-Metro
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over their client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting them down and reassuring them that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point they pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' They said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked them to cut the West Coast feed. They said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut their vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
A EurasiaNet Partner Post from: Coda
Illustration by Alessandra Cugno
There are echoes of Soviet times in the way Russia has been courting far-right activists in the West. A new book looks at how and why it does it.
Remember Richard Spencer, the U.S. white supremacist whose “alt-right” followers celebrated Donald Trump's presidential election victory with a show of Nazi salutes?
Back in 2011, Spencer was appearing in another guise, as an expert on Libya, on Russia's English-language propaganda channel RT. Deriding the West's strategy, they accused NATO of siding with the “thugs” who killed the Libyan dictator — and erstwhile Western ally — Muammar Gaddafi.
Given the chaos in Libya since, Spencer's argument hardly looks controversial now. But that's not why RT and other Russian state-controlled outlets have been so keen to book them and other Western far-right activists as guests.
For the Kremlin's information machine, these activists serve a bigger purpose, to help promote the narrative of the West in chaos — and thereby also boost the idea of Russia as the alternative global power.
In effect, they are a new version of the “useful idiots” — the term coined for Western supporters of the early communist regime, whom Lenin, and then later Stalin, happily exploited.
But is Russia's reach-out to the far right actually effective? And how has the Kremlin cultivated the relationship? “Tango Noir: Russia and the Western Far Right,” a new book by Anton Shekhovtsov, who is a specialist on extremist networks, provides some of the answers.
Swastikas on Synagogues
The dance begins between the two world wars, when the Bolsheviks tried and failed to exploit unrest in Germany, then hobbled by reparations demands. But it was with the onset of the Cold War that Moscow really stepped up efforts to use far-right elements abroad — with the nascent West Germany as its initial target.
The KGB ordered its agents to paint swastikas on synagogues. And it worked, according to Shekhovtsov, as West German officials began to question the country's membership of NATO, in fear of a Nazi resurgence. There was an added bonus. International attitudes towards Soviet-backed East Germany (the German Democratic Republic) improved.
The reality was more complex. Germany's leaders had been taking a more lenient approach to former Nazis at the time, or so people thought. Many had been given state jobs. But the KGB saw the opportunity, looking for institutional weaknesses and apparent policy contradictions to exploit — much as its successor, the FSB, does today.
This early history of Russia's dalliance with the Western far right is fascinating, but Shekhovtsov's main interest is rightly in how it has played out under Vladimir Putin.
Information War Watershed
And in their chronology, 2008 was the watershed moment — when the Kremlin decided to adopt a full-scale information war strategy towards the West.
Russia's invasion of Georgia that year was an international public relations disaster. Moscow may have won militarily, but it lost the battle for global hearts and minds. Condemnation was so severe that Putin cried conspiracy. “The West has a powerful propaganda machine” they complained.
To fight back, the Russian leadership decided it needed a new approach —- to undermine the West's faith in its own political system. The spearhead was Russia Today. Created in 2005, the channel's name was shortened to RT in 2009 as its controllers aimed for a global audience. And the disruptive message of the Western far-right was a perfect fit for the narrative it wanted to propagate.
Shekhovtsov identifies three main elements in the Russian disinformation strategy that has evolved. The first is “nudge propaganda,” using fringe activists from the far-right and other groups to promote Russian interests.
‘Narrative Laundering'
The second is “narrative laundering,” in effect creating and spreading fake news, with the original source obscured. When it works, conspiracy theories are “laundered” into mainstream discourse.
The third main tactic is selective sourcing. RT's coverage of riots that broke out in the Swedish capital, Stockholm, in 2013, were a case in point. Its reports focused on the story of a man wielding a machete who was not of Swedish origin, which the country's far right turned into a signature cause. And more than half the people RT interviewed for a segment entitled “They Don't Want to Integrate” turned out to have far-right links.
Far right groups have also helped give a veneer of legitimacy to Russia's annexation of Crimea by sending observer missions to monitor elections there. And Shekhkovtsov shows how these missions have helped build deeper ties between far-right activists and the Kremlin officials of today.
It is surprising though that the author does not consider Brexit and the claims of shadowy Russian involvement with the ultra-nationalist UK Independence Party (UKIP), which led the campaign to take Britain out of the European Union. And they seem to have published too soon to consider the allegations of widespread Russian interference in the US presidential election, including linkages with America's “alt-right.”
Putin's Power Marketplace
But what the author does do is shed more light on the inner workings of Putin's power structure and how Russia's disinformation offensive has developed from that. They argue that it is a conglomerate of clans competing for attention and resources from the center — Putin — in a complex marketplace. With this constantly shifting flow of ideas, perhaps this explains why the Russian leader is often seen as a better tactician than strategist.
Beneath Putin's inner court Shekhovtsov describes six interconnecting nodes they call “operators.” These include foreign individuals and groups sympathetic to Russia, as well as local far right activists who network with like-minded counterparts in Europe. Then there are think tanks which promote a Russian perspective on international affairs, loyalist oligarchs, Russia's diplomatic missions in the West and key players in the ruling United Russia party. And the author shows how these “operators” have worked together to try to influence politics in Austria, Italy and France.
Yet they conclude that the Kremlin has not got much to show for all this effort. Its interventions in the French elections, including assisting and meeting with the National Front leader Marine Le Pen, backfired spectacularly when Emmanuel Macron stormed through to victory.
Moscow may have had some success though more recently in its old hunting ground of Germany — where evidence emerged of concerted Russian intervention behind the scenes — after recent elections there gave the far right a huge boost.
But Putin is stuck with the same problems. Russia still places near the bottom in global favorability indexes. Western sanctions imposed after its invasion of Ukraine remain in place, with the economy stuck in decline. And hopes that Trump's election would lead to better relations with the US have faded.
But as Shekhovtsov makes clear in this valuable, if not complete book, Russian tactics are constantly evolving, always with one eye on the future. Looking ahead, one concern they highlight is emerging evidence of Russian paramilitary groups giving assistance to the European far-right, encouraging them to take a more violent road. It could turn out to be an even more potent weapon in the Kremlin's arsenal of disruption.
STATESBORO, Ga. — Tookie Brown had 32 points, just two shies of their career high, to lead Georgia Southern to a 102-91 win over Savannah State on Saturday.
Brown, who nailed 5 of 8 from distance, easily eclipsed their season average of 15 points a game. Brown also dished out six assists, which leaves them just 15 away from 300 for their career.
Georgia Southern (7-2), which started the season with five-straight victories before dropping games to Towson and Bradley by a total of seven points, has now won two consecutive games.
The Eagles, leading 50-43 at the break, never trailed in the second half but could not pull free of Savannah State until the final minutes. Georgia Southern led 68-64 midway in the second half.
Jake Allsmiller had 19 points and Montae Glenn added 11 with a career-best 16 rebounds. B.J. Gladden also had 11 points for the Eagles.
Javaris Jenkins led Savannah State (3-8) with 31 points.
There's a jarring dissonance between the Republican tax proposals that are working their way through Congress and Republican election campaigns. For the very wealthy, the bill recently passed in the U.S. Senate bill offers large and permanent tax cuts, while middle-income earners see small, temporary cuts that transform into tax increases in the medium term. And right on cue, senior Republican leaders such as House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan are already talking about the need to reduce expenditures on Social Security and Medicare in order to address the gaping hole in the U.S. federal budget caused by these tax cuts.
The Republican tax agenda is virtually a caricature of what you'd expect from a plutocracy, and yet the Republicans' populist, anti-elite rhetoric still resonates. Why? The lack of political support for progressive redistributions of income is one of the enduring mysteries of American politics.
A popular explanation — that the United States offers equality of opportunity, so there's less need to worry about inequality of outcomes — doesn't fit the data. In point of fact, the rate of social mobility in the U.S. is among the lowest among developed countries. Starting points matter in the U.S. more than one would expect from a country that gave rise to the American Dream. A child born to a low-income family in the U.S. has a much smaller chance of moving up the social ladder than does a child born to a low-income family in most other OECD countries, Canada included.
The GOP tax plan is a caricature of what you would expect from a plutocracy
Another class of explanations, as exemplified by Thomas Franks' “What's the Matter with Kansas?” is based on the proposition that socially conservative Americans aren't very smart. Time and again, Republicans campaign on themes designed to appeal to social conservatives, only to focus on regressive tax policies once in power. Low- and middle-income social conservatives end up being worse off economically, but continue to vote Republican anyway.
This is a seductive thesis, and may even be correct. But as an economist, I'm reluctant to put much weight on the idea that people make the same, predictable mistake over and over again. Among other things, this line of reasoning quickly leads to the unpalatable conclusion that some people shouldn't be allowed to vote in the first place.
Alberto Alesina, Edward Glaeser and Bruce Sacerdote asked, “Why doesn't the U.S. have a European-style welfare system?” in a 2001 National Bureau of Economic Research working paper. There are many possible answers. For example, if market incomes in Europe were much more unequally distributed than in the U.S., then there would be a greater need for redistributive policies in Europe. This isn't the case, of course, and it turns out that many of the obvious answers — including, as we have seen, differences in social mobility — aren't consistent with the data. The one factor that does seem to matter is race.
The lack of political support for progressive policies is an enduring mystery
All discussions about inequality always begin with an assumption about who belongs in the reference population and who does not. For example, Canadian progressives who fret about the effects of liberalized trade on Canadian inequality are explicitly excluding non-Canadians from their analyses. They may acknowledge that low-income workers in low-income countries have benefited from access to Canadian markets. But since these workers are not Canadian, their interests don't enter the discussion.
In the United States, racial animosity is still strong enough for many white Americans to exclude black Americans from their reference populations. Since blacks are greatly over-represented among those with low incomes, progressive policies that shift income from high-income Americans to low-income Americans are interpreted as shifting income from whites to blacks. As the authors put it, a “natural generalization of the race-based theory is that Americans think of the poor as members of some different group while Europeans think of the poor as members of their own group.”
The one factor that does seem to matter is race
They also cite survey data consistent with this hypothesis. For example, “support for welfare is higher among people who live near to many welfare recipients who are of the same race,” while “support for welfare is lower among people who live near welfare recipients who are of a different race.” In a related vein, Americans are more likely to think that people living in poverty are “lazy,” and less likely to think that they were simply unlucky.
The forces at work here are not uniquely American or always race-based: ask the United Conservative Party of Alberta for its views about equalization. But for many white Americans — at least, for many white Republican voters — who see the redistribution of income from rich to poor as being a transfer from whites to blacks, there is no conflict between populist rhetoric and a regressive tax agenda. Shifting income from poor to rich is the same thing as shifting income from “the others” to their preferred reference group.
National Post
Stephen Gordon is a professor of economics at Université Laval.
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-10-06
five-member committee is expected to ensure proper and effective financial management practices
An Audit Sub-Committee for the National Communications Authority has been inaugurated in accordance with Section 86 of the Public Financial Management Act, 2016 (Act 921).
The five-member committee is expected to ensure proper and effective financial management practices at the NCA.
The Committee will be chaired by J. F. Odartey Blankson, comprises representatives from the Internal Audit Agency (IAA), Institute of Chartered Accountants, Ghana (ICAG), National Media Commission (NMC) and the NCA board.
Other members of the committee are Benjamin Adjetey, representing from the IAA, Ofori Henneh Frimpong, representing ICAG, Susan Barbara A. Kumapley, representing the NCA Board, and a representative from the National Media Commission (NMC).
Inaugurating the committee in Accra on Thursday, Acting Director General, IAA, Ransford Adjei, charged the Committee to function according to their mandatory roles and responsibilities as stipulated in Act 921.
They tasked them to ensure that management of NCA pursued the implementation of recommendations contained in both the internal and external auditors report as well as parliament's decision on Auditor-General's report.
Mr Adjei advised the committee to work diligently to achieve its laid down objectives as their efforts would contribute to the development of the NCA and Mother Ghana as a whole.
In a statement, the Director-General of NCA, Joe Anokye, acknowledged the importance of setting up the Audit Committee and gave the assurance that the Board and Management of the Authority would ensure that the committee was provided with all the resources needed to execute its functions.
Section 86 of Act 921 requires that all government institutions establish audit committees.
Members of the Committee are to hold office for a period not exceeding two years and are eligible for re-appointment but a member shall not be appointed for more than two terms.
Congress attacks PM on Doklam developments
DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 2:26 IST
Rahul Gandhi tweeted a message asking Modi to explain how China can make roads in Dokalam after they were done with their chest-thumping. PTI file photo.
The Congress on Friday attacked the BJP government over the fresh build-up of Chinese troops near the Doklam plateau and wondered how Prime Minister Narendra Modi can sleep peacefully in the midst of such developments.
“Modiji, once you are done thumping your chest, could you please explain this,” Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi tweeted in response to a report on China expanding a road in Doklam in the presence of 500 soldiers.
Rahul's remarks follow the prime minister's claim on Wednesday that the economy was on a firm footing. Modi had asserted that they would continue with reforms to reverse the trend of slowdown in growth witnessed over the last two quarters.
Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal also took a swipe at the prime minister's remarks that pessimists cannot sleep peacefully without spreading a sense of defeatism.
Sibal listed out a series of developments from the use of pellet guns in Jammu & Kashmir to the fresh build-up of Chinese troops in Doklam and asked the prime minister whether they enjoyed sound sleep in the midst of such incidents.
ICC prosecutor calls for arrest of Gaddafi's son Saif
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) on Wednesday called for the arrest and surrender of Late Gaddafi's son, Saif.
Saif is wanted on war crimes charges for allegedly suppressing opposition to the rule of their father, former Libya ruler Muammar.
On Sunday, Saif's lawyer said their client had been released under an amnesty law passed by parliament from prison in the eastern Libyan town of Zintan, where they had been held since 2011.
ICC prosecutor Fatou Bensouda in a statement called on Libya and other states to arrest Saif Gaddafi.
Saif was freed by an armed group in western Libya where they had been held since shortly after the 2011 revolt against their late father.
They were released in the town of Zintan under an amnesty law passed by a parliament based in eastern Libya, lawyer Khaled al-Zaidi said on Sunday, adding that Saif was headed to another Libyan city that they could not name for security reasons.
Saif, 44, is the most prominent of the late leader's children, and was touted by some as a reformist successor before the uprising six years ago in which Muammar Gaddafi was toppled and killed.
It is unclear what, if any, role the younger Gaddafi could play in Libya, where a complex array of armed groups and competing governments are vying for control.
Gaddafi loyalists outside Libya as well as some in the east of the country, where military commander Khalifa Haftar has been building power, have been pressing for Saif's release amid a push from former regime figures to reassert influence.
Saif's lawyer Zaidi said Saif could play an important part in national reconciliation efforts because they were popular in Libya: “He will play a pivotal and detailed role in this stage.”
Zaidi told Reuters in an interview in Cairo that Saif would make a statement at some point and would not be turning themselves in to the International Criminal Court, which is seeking their arrest.
The post ICC prosecutor calls for arrest of Gaddafi's son Saif appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Broadband penetration: Glo, Huawei sign contract for laying Glo 2 submarine cable – Daily Trust
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Canadian pro gaming team SetToDestroyX has signed top NHL gamer Nick (HeadShotPro) Myers.
The Charlottetown native, who signed a two-year contract, is currently high on the leaderboards of the inaugural Snider Hockey Cup, a WorldGaming tournament using the made-in-Canada EA Sports “NHL 18” title.
The tournament is connected to the Ed Snider Youth Hockey Foundation, which was created by the late Philadelphia Flyers owner to build lives and unite communities through hockey.
Online qualifiers started Jan. 10 and will run through Feb. 10 with online playoffs scheduled for Feb. 17-18. The live championship is set for March 7 in Xfinity Live! Philadelphia, an entertainment centre that is part of the Wells Fargo Center.
The NHL is expected to ramp up its connections to esports, with the NBA and MLS having already announced plans for their own esports leagues.
A foul-mouthed drunken man has been fined after they fell into the path of traffic and abused police officers.
Neil Theakstone, 54, of Marshall Street, Heanor, was found drunk and disorderly on Wellington Street, in Ripley, by police.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop told a Chesterfield magistrates' court hearing on Wednesday, October 5: “Officers were called out after a report of an intoxicated male urinating in the street.
“He was seen stumbling backwards and tripped over their own feet and fell into the road causing cars to take evasive action.”
Police helped Theakstone back onto their feet, according to Mrs Allsop, but they were repeatedly abusive so they had to be arrested.
Theakstone pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in a public place after the incident on September 19.
They told the court that they have begun seeking help from the Addaction group to address their alcohol issues.
Theakstone added that they were homeless but the probation service has helped them to get accommodation.
Magistrates fined Theakstone £120 and they must also pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge.
There are two kinds of us girls; some who are obsessed with every single beauty product and are acquainted with all the make-up brands, and others who have no idea where to even start. For those beginners who are willing to kick off their beauty routine, here are some products to get you started right away! Some of them are not available here in Egypt, but you can always shop online or let a friend buy it for you.
1- Sun Disk Bronze- Sephora
Comes in two shades, light and dark. Gives a tanned look.
2- Tartlette in Bloom Eye Shadow Palette – Tarte
Eye shadow might be intimidating for some girls, but this palette has beautiful colors that go with everything. You can start experimenting with it.
3- Sheer Glow Foundation – NARS
This foundation has so many pros. First of all, it does not need a brush to apply it on your face. On the contrary, they advise you to apply it with your fingers. It's light and gives a natural polished finish to the face and body.
4- Shimmering Dry Oil- Nuxe
This beauty product is awesome! It's non sticky oil for the body and hair; it's totally dry! It gives a natural shimmer to the body and highlighted look to the hair.
5- Nail Polish Top Coat Kiko Gel Effect
This bottle of magic is all you need to get a perfect manicure at home. You just need to apply one layer of it over your regular nail polish and boom, it's dry, shiny and looks like a nail from an ad.
6- Natural Brow Shaper & Air Touch Up – Bobby Brown
This eyebrow mascara gives a natural volume to your eyebrows. All you need to do is to run it over your brows.
7- Bi-Facial Eye Make-up Remover – Lancome
You can now experiment all you want without worrying about cleaning the mess you've created.
8- Watt's Up Cream Highlighter – Benefit Cosmetics
Swipe this on your cheekbones and the bridge of your nose and let it do the magic!
9- Smack That Scrub Coffee Scrub
A scrub that will leave your body feeling soft, smooth and smelling like coffee. It also reduces the appearance of cellulite, leaving your skin looking more toned.
10- Bath Bomb – LUSH
Throw one of these in the bathtub after filling it right before you get in. Pamper yourself with the perfect smell and lots of oils, it's so much fun!
You will not regret buying every single one of the items on this list.
Leader of ‘Imo Bank Robbery' arrested at father's funeral
The mastermind of a bank robbery which led to the killing of a bank customer in Imo State, has been arrested by officers of the Imo State Police Command.
The gunmen reportedly trailed the bank customer to a Zenith bank branch on Wetheral Road, Owerri.
It was gathered that after taking the money they wanted to deposit in the bank from him, they shot them dead, and also injured three police officers attached to the bank, shooting indiscriminately as they fled the area.
However, one of the gunmen was shot dead. After six weeks of
investigation, two suspects– Justice Ogbenna, aka JJ, and Okechukwu Onwuamaegbu– were on Friday arrested in Aba, Abia State by operatives of the Imo State Police Command.
They were arrested at the Saint Francis Mortuary in Osisioma Aba, Abia State. The leader of the gang, Ogbenna, was arrested on the day they planned to bury their late father.
A police source said, “We got information that they would bury their father on Friday and we trailed them to the mortuary. We laid siege to the morgue. Immediately they arrived with their family members and friends to carry the remains of their father home, we arrested him.”
The police source, who described the suspect as a notorious armed robber, claimed that they had jumped bail in Anambra State in 2016 in a similar case of armed robbery.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Guard A.J. Cann, a third-round pick in 2015, is entering the final year of their contract, and 31-year-old right tackle Jermey Parnell has two years remaining on their deal after playing most of last season with a knee injury.
Jacksonville likely won't be in position to take Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson, widely considered the most polished offensive lineman in the draft, but could land Notre Dame offensive tackle Mike McGlinchey, UCLA's Kolton Miller or Georgia's Isaiah Wynn.
No one would be surprised to see the Jaguars choose a tight end with their first pick, either.
Coughlin and general manager Dave Caldwell cut veteran Marcedes Lewis last month, and although they signed Austin Seferian-Jenkins in free agency, they're still looking for someone who can be as productive blocking as catching passes. Those guys are rare these days, with South Carolina's Hayden Hurst and South Dakota State's Dallas Goedert seemingly the best available.
"You see so many people today spread them out and go to the smaller guy," Coughlin said. "We want to run the ball. So to run the ball, we need a little bit more power in the back pocket to come off the ball, do all the combination work. ... Not easy to find, but they're out there."
Some other things to know about Jacksonville, which is positioned to pick outside the top 10 for the first time since 2007.
DEFENSIVE DEPTH
Veteran linebacker Paul Posluszny retired, and nickel cornerback Aaron Colvin signed with Houston. But the Jaguars drafted linebacker Blair Brown in the fifth round last year and signed free agent D.J. Hayden to replace Colvin.
"We have needs, don't get me wrong, but there's not a glaring need for this upcoming season for us," Caldwell said.
QUARTERBACK COMING?
The Jaguars let Chad Henne walk, leaving them without a backup quarterback until trading for Cleveland's Cody Kessler late last month. Kessler's arrival did little to alter Jacksonville's desire for a developmental backup. But how high will the Jags take one?
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Cornerback Jalen Ramsey (first round, 2016) and running back Leonard Fournette (first round, 2017) are two big hits for a team with a history of draft woes. No one from Jacksonville's 2013 draft class remains on the roster. Linebacker Telvin Smith (fifth round, 2014) and defensive Yannick Ngakoue (third round, 2016) are two of the biggest draft bargains the Jags have found in recent years.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Mark Long, The Associated Press
Munsan (South Korea) (AFP) - Mike Pence arrived at the gateway to the Demilitarized Zone dividing the two Koreas on Monday, an AFP correspondent reported, in a show of US resolve hours after North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile.
The US vice president flew by helicopter into Camp Bonifas, a US-led United Nations command post just a few hundred metres (yards) south of the DMZ. From there, they were expected to move to the truce village of Panmunjom that straddles one of the most heavily militarised borders on Earth.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks, as a series of North Korean weapons tests have wrought ever-more bellicose warnings from Donald Trump's administration.
The new and inexperienced US president has indicated they will not allow North Korea to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the western United States.
A top White House foreign policy advisor on Sunday became the latest Trump official to warn that while diplomatic pressure was preferable, US military action is very much on the table.
"We have a wide array of tools at disposal for the president should they choose to use them," the official said.
Fulwood and Broughton's new professional Simon Kerrigan was enticed to the club by their best mate – captain Mark Smith.
The 28-year-old Lancashire star signed on the dotted for the Highfield Road club this weekend.
 They are set to play a major role next summer as the club looks to make an impact in the Northern League Division One after winning promotion from the Palace Shield last season.
The left-arm spinner – who has played one Test match for England against Australia in the 2013 Ashes – will play for F&B when their commitments with Lancashire allow.
It is very much a homecoming for Kerrigan – they started as a junior at the club, first playing alongside Smith at the age of 10.
“It's great news signing Simon,” said Smith. “He was a junior at Fulwood and it helps when you're their best friend.
“I have grown up playing junior cricket with him. I think we first played together in the Under-11s team – we are the same age.
“He was always the better player but they switched to spin bowling in the Under-14s – that was when they really began to excel. They just went from strength to strength, signed for Lancashire and has played for England.”
Having won promotion to the Northern League, Smith knew there was an option of signing a professional and made their move for Kerrigan when they discovered their club contract with Ormskirk, of the Liverpool Competition, was not being renewed.
“I am very grateful to the club and the committee for making it happen,” Smith added.
Kerrigan signed for Lancashire in 2008 and made their debut for the first team in 2010, filling in for Gary Keedy. In August 2011, they were selected for the England Lions for the first time.
The following month they took the best first-class bowling figures for Lancashire since 1953. Their 9-51 helped Lancashire win the County Championship for the first time since 1950.
The 2012 season saw Kerrigan replace Keedy as Lancashire's main spinner in first-class cricket.
They made their Test debut against Australia in the fifth Ashes Test played at The Oval in 2013.
Last season they found their first-team opportunities at Old Trafford limited and they were loaned to Northants.
Smith believes the capture of Kerrigan is a sign of the club's intent next season.
“We are not just going to make up the numbers in the Northern League,” they said.
“We don't want to be just the also-rans – we want to see how we can do.”
F&B face familiar foes on the opening day of the season in the shape of Garstang, who won the Palace Shield last season, at the Riverside on April 21. Chorley host Preston at Windsor Park. Leyland are at home to Morecambe.
WILLIAMSBURG, Va. (AP) – William & Mary is investigating the defacement of a Thomas
Jefferson statue at the school after someone painted the hands red and wrote “slave owner”
nearby. University spokesperson Suzanne Seurattan wrote in an email Tuesday that the school is
determining how to remove the paint without leaving damage. The statue is near the heart of the
Williamsburg campus. Seurattan wrote that the school encourages civil discourse but that “it is
never acceptable to deface property.”
Three police officers were seen assaulting and verbally abusing a commuter during a vehicle check in Tamil Nadu. All of the three police officers have been suspended after the Villupuram district police came to know about the incident. The incident took place in Sedharpet that is close to Puducherry. A probe has been ordered.
In a shocking video surfaced online, three police officers were seen assaulting and verbally abusing a commuter during a vehicle check in Tamil Nadu. All of the three police officers have been suspended after the Villupuram district police came to know about the incident. The incident took place in Sedharpet that is close to Puducherry. At first, the senior sub-inspector and the two constables were transferred to the armed reserved police wing and suspended a day later. The district police officials have also started a probe into the matter.
In the two and a half minute long video, the police officers were seen assaulting a commuter having a two-wheeler. The commuter was first beaten and then was made to squat along the road near their two-wheeler. The police officers were also heard using abusive language. The senior sub-inspector is also seen receiving money from another commuter. “Police personnel should not have behaved this way. The man they are seen assaulting appears to have been drunk and had provoked them by teasing. Still, they should have observed restraint and not attacked or abused,” a senior police officer said.
On the visuals showing the officer receiving money from a commuter, another officer has claimed it to be fine money. A few days back, a Chennai traffic police was suspended after a cab diver set themselves ablaze after being beaten by the police officer for not fastening the seat belt. In another incident from Madhapur in Hyderabad, a senior official lost their cool when the accused made an objectional comment against the victim, while the officer was enquiring about their behaviour with the victim.
Gympie Regional Council is considering adding gate fees to rubbish dumps across the region.
GYMPIE residents could be paying to dump their rubbish, with the Gympie Regional Council considering charging a gate fee at sites around the region.
Whether or not the charge will be introduced will be revealed next Wednesday when the council hands down its 2017-2018 budget.
Speaking to The Gympie Times yesterday, Mayor Mick Curran said if gate fees were to be introduced it would be a matter of cost management for the council.
"The reality is that each and every person on a bin service is now subsiding those people who take their rubbish to landfill even though they're paying their contribution through the collection service plus more,” Cr Curran said.
"To provide an efficient, effective and cost-effective waste collection service for the great majority of our residents who are on bin collection council must consider a gate fee when people choose to use our landfill sites.”
Cr Curran said if the idea was adopted, it would complement the roll-out of 1400 new wheelie bins services around the region.
RELATED
Not all councillors sold on rubbish plan
Council tipped to reduce hours, close dumps
Southside Dump will close for good next year
"Waste management is a huge cost for council and if we're to keep our commitment of keeping rates as low as we possibly can we have to look at charging to use landfill,” they said.
Recyclables would not be subject to charges, and Cr Curran said the charges would be "offset against the costs that residents now pay for wheelie bin collection”.
They also denied such a move would be a revenue raiser for the council.
"If we were to charge, it's not a way to try and gain extra revenue,” they said.
"It's actually to take away the disparity that happens at the moment were people in effect are being charged for other people using landfill.”
They said the council was exploring other options to reduce residents' waste costs, including the possibility of offering smaller bins at lesser cost to residents who do not use the full 240L.
Changes coming to Gympie's waste collection
SITE closures, changes to open hours and expansion of the kerbside collection scheme are some changes already coming to Gympie's waste collection services.
More than 1400 additional properties will be able to use wheelie bin collections under a plan adopted by Gympie Regional Council earlier this year.
A council statement says "extension of the kerbside collection service reduces the reliance on rural transfer stations for the regular disposal of domestic waste”.
With the expected reduction in use, and to comply with environmental and health and safety guidelines, a number of transfer stations around the region will be closed, and previously unstaffed sites will become supervised.
According to the statement, "this work is being delivered as part of council's $13 million program of staged closures, site rehabilitation and resolution of land tenure issues for council's rural landfills”.
Big One!!! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President
Revered disco jockey, Olawunmi Okerayi, well known by their stage name DJ Lambo, has been announced as Choc Boi Nations' President. DJ Lambo, who happens to be an in house DJ and producer for Chocolate City, has grown in ranks to become the first DJ and female to become the president of a record label. …
The post Big One!!! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOU JUST SAW:
Pope Francis delivers their speech during the opening session of the pre-synod of the youths meeting, at the the Mater Ecclesiae college in Rome, Monday, March 19, 2018. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino)
IBM and Sony Set Data Storage Record: 330 TB on Tiny Tape Cartridge
Researchers with IBM and Sony have achieved a record data storage density on magnetic tape, packing a small cartridge with 330 terabytes of data, more than 28 times as much information as today's leading commercial technologies can hold.
Their findings, published last month, are good news for cloud services providers that find themselves having to back up and store ever-expanding volumes of information from big data applications ranging to scientific research to security and surveillance videos.
The prototype system developed by IBM and Sony can support data storage densities of 201.4 GB per square inch, compared to state-of-the-art tape drives that hold between 5 GB and 7 GB per square inch. IBM said this is the company's fifth data storage record-breaker since 2006.
Opens Door for a Decade of Further Improvement
"Foremost, this really demonstrates the potential to continue scaling tape technology basically at historical rates of doubling the cartridge capacity every two years for at least the next 10 years," said IBM exploratory tape scientist Mark Lantz (pictured above) in a YouTube video published today by IBM Research. "It allows customers to preserve their data in a cost-effective manner."
The prototype developed by IBM and Sony uses sputtered magnetic tape to store data. Sputtering involves coating the storage medium with several nanometer-thin layers of different conducting materials, including a five-nanometer overcoat of diamond-like carbon.
"Magnetic tape systems are currently the most cost-effective solution for the storage of large volumes of infrequently accessed data," the researchers wrote in a paper published July 19 in IEEE Transactions on Magnetics. "However, for tape systems to remain competitive, it is essential to maintain this cost advantage by continuing to scale areal density." They added their successful prototype demonstrates "the viability of continuing to scale the tape roadmap for another decade."
'Potential Is Huge'
IBM's previous magnetic tape data storage record, set in 2014, achieved a density of 85.9 billion bits of data per square inch. By contrast, this latest advance pushes that past 201 billion bits of data per square inch.
"Cloud is really one of the growing use cases of tape technology both as a kind of backup application to preserve data that's stored on other technologies in the cloud but also as an archival tier for cold data which is not very frequently accessed," Lantz said in today's YouTube video. "The potential is huge to continue scaling tape for many more years beyond what we've been able to show today."
While magnetic tape remains a go-to storage medium for data centers and other big data applications, researchers are also exploring a number of other potential technologies to keep up with a volume of digital information that is doubling every two years.
In March, for example, a U.S. research team demonstrated a technology that could store data on DNA at a density of 215 petabytes per gram -- in theory, enough to store all of the information humans have ever generated in the space of a single room.
Image credit: IBM Research.
Young stars have defied the winter weather with heartwarming performances in football's Russell Foster Youth Leagues.
Our photographers were there as usual to capture much of the action for your with our weekly slideshow of pictures.
Russell Foster Mini Soccer Under 9s Winter League clash between Farringdon Detached, red and white, and North East Sport Real.
This week's coverage is once again brought to you in association with John G Hogg funeral directors.
Remember that match reports from last weekend's games will appear in Saturday's Sunderland Echo in our Junior Football Echo section.
Further information on buying copies of our photos is also available here.
Missed last week's action? Log on here.
Ford Quiets the Mustang's Roar with Good Neighbor Mode
When somebody called the cops on Steve von Foerster, then head of vehicle engineering at Ford, they aren't thrilled, but they understood why.
On a peaceful morning in their suburban Detroit neighborhood, Von Foerster had just reversed a Shelby GT350 Mustang out of their driveway. As the 's V8 engine thundered, an annoyed neighbor dialed 911. Von Foerster was gone before the law arrived and didn't get a ticket -- but they did get an idea for the new Mustang.
"I love the V8 sound, but it's loud, and you can't annoy people like that in your neighborhood," said Von Foerster, who now heads Ford's user experience team in product development. "It sounds so cool, but I thought, ‘There has to be a way to give people more control over the engine's sound.'"
That led to the development of Quiet Exhaust mode and Quiet Start -- known as "Good Neighbor Mode" at Ford, allowing you to keep the engine sound of your 2018 Mustang GT at a minimum -- and even program quiet start-up times in advance, so you don't forget and wake the neighbors at the crack of dawn.
What you do is scroll through a menu in the instrument cluster, using thumb controls on the steering wheel, and select when you want to fire up your Mustang GT [pictured above] without sharing the event with your neighbors -- say, between 8pm and 7am.
Quiet Exhaust mode and Quiet Start will form part of the optional active valve performance exhaust system on the 2018 Mustang GT, along with different exhaust volumes for Normal, Sport and Track modes.
And that's more important than you think: a recent survey by Ranker.com showed loud engine revving was second only to early-morning lawn mowing among the most annoying noises neighbors make -- more so than power tools, barking dogs or band practice.
"When sounds get up into the upper-70-decibel range, that's typically about when they start to bother people," said Ford engineer Matt Flis. "With quiet start activated, the decibel level of the new Mustang GT drops by about 10 decibels, to a much more comfortable 72 decibels -- about the same as a household dishwasher."
© 2017 Cape Community under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Ford.
Read more on: Automotive, Ford, Mustang
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Respected as an up-and-comer, emerging from the corners of Louisiana, CopperTop specializes in simply just good hip-hop music. CopperTop explains on “Foot on the Gas” why he's so eager to reach the number one spot: “Living for the moment that's what you do when you're young right? Remember young nights when we hung like strung lights. I was tryna find a way to escape the slum life. I was feeling so alone even thoughts they'd echo. So, I had to put my foot on the gas and press go.” Excellent verse after verse, they explain that they are humble enough to not let difficult situations get in their way and to keep their foot on the gas. The “Foot on the Gas” video depicts what makes them a special rapper; from being in a position where they thought they couldn't do it to speaking their greatest moments into existence. Backed by the mysterious production from Niyo Davinci (Flight School Productions), “Foot on the Gas” is a highlight from their recent album ‘From The Ground Up'. Coppertop chronicles their persistence, meekness, motivation, and celebratory spirit in one amazing body of work.
Debuting via iTunes in May (#21 on Hip Hop/Rap chart), ‘From The Ground Up' is an open collection of difficult and memorable eras of their life. Featuring appearances from Keith Jacobs, Nyko Bandz, and Dylan Fresina, From the Ground Up is packed with quality production from the likes of Niyo Davinci, SB Shaun, Ric and Thadeus, Diamond Style Productions and X-Fyle. “Foot On the Gas” is the intro and clearly sets the tone for the entire album. From The Ground Up is currently available for purchase on Tidal, iTunes, Spotify, and GooglePlay.
“Foot On The Gas” Music Video
Listen to From The Ground Up: https://open.spotify.com/album/52Cz5rO3AttokU9iHpPQA7
https://tidal.com/album/73312226
Buy From The Ground Up on iTunes:
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly Fried Spring Rolls Prep 30 mins Cook 20 mins Serves 6 INGREDIENTS 1 packet of 190mm X 190mm frozen popiah skin, thawed...
Them World | Fashion & Beauty Fortified Formula Against Ageing Skin Nourish your skin with the all-new EGOSTYLE Antipollution line by Isabelle Lancray to defend it from air pollutants that accelerate...
Three of Niagara's MPPs raised the issue of Niagara Region seizing a reporter's computer and notes with the Ministry of Municipal Affairs Monday.
St. Catharines Liberal MPP Jim Bradley, Niagara Falls NDP MPP Wayne Gates and Niagara West–Glanbrook MPP Sam Oosterhoff all expressed concern over last Thursday's incident with Minister Bill Mauro.
The trio followed Welland NDP MPP Cindy Forster's complaints about the incident to Mauro and to provincial Ombudsman Paul Dube.
Mauro's initial response to Forster's office was to say they could not comment on a specific incident and that complaints about a municipality should be brought to the attention of the municipality.
However, Bradley said hearing from three area MPPs drove home how serious the incident was.
“I think hearing from all MPPs, from all parties, made it clear,” Bradley said. “(The minister) now thinks this is an issue for the ombudsman, which is there to investigate municipalities.”
On Thursday, Standard reporter Bill Sawchuk was ejected from regional headquarters. Staff also unlawfully seized their notebook and laptop computer. In addition to speaking directly to the minister, Gates took to the floor of the legislature to express their concerns about the incident and the minister's response.
“I don't believe that anyone who has read the story or seen the photo of Bill Sawchuk being removed from the Region by the police is comfortable with what happened at that council meeting — and that includes many regional councillors themselves,” said Gates. “The response from the minister basically says nothing — it's clear they don't care as deeply about the protection of the press here in Niagara as we do.”
Gates said they expect more from the minister and that “the ministry should be stepping up and making a stand here to say that this can't happen in Niagara and, frankly, that it can't happen in Ontario.
“We rely on a free and vibrant press to keep local governments accountable. We have some of the best reporters you can find here in Niagara and throwing them out of meetings will not stop their work — no one should be treated this way.
“I also believe that the Ombudsman should be investigating this incident.”
Cynthia Nixon Announces Run for Governor of New York: WATCH
Put a bunch of RuPaul's Drag Race fans together in a cabin in the woods with a camera and a bit of inspiration and you just might come up with a viral video.
As has happened. It's clocked nearly half a million views as of this posting:
And here's the original (from the RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars finale (spoilers) for some comparison:
And here's a YouTube version of the clip up top if you can't see the Facebook one:
LONDON — Mick Fleetwood was 16 when they left school, told their parents they wanted to pursue a career in rock ‘n' roll, and went to London in search of gigs.
A common tale, true, but this one has a happy ending. Fleetwood fell in with some talented blues enthusiasts, paid (barely) their dues, and soared to stardom with the first incarnation of Fleetwood Mac — and then into the rock ‘n' roll stratosphere with the second, more pop-oriented version of the band.
“School was not a good thing for me,” said Fleetwood, dressed in classic British style, complete with a pocket watch on a chain.
“I had a learning disability, no doubt, and no one understood what those things were. I was sort of drowning at school academically. My parents were like, ‘Go and do it.' They were picking up on the fact that I had found something. They saw the one thing that I loved with a passion was teaching myself how to play drums at home,” they said. “So they sent me off with a little drum kit to London and the whole thing unfolded.”
Fleetwood didn't really have to rebel, though rebellion was in the air, and they had the good fortune to make friends early with Peter Green, the supremely talented guitarist whose blues sound shaped the band's early years.
Green receives the lion's share of the credit, and the dedication, in Fleetwood's memoir of the band's formative period “Love That Burns: A Chronicle of Fleetwood Mac, Volume One: 1967-1974.” It has been published in a limited signed edition by Genesis Publications.
At 70, Fleetwood is anxious to acknowledge their debt to Green, who left the band in 1970.
Fleetwood and bassist John McVie were later joined by Christine McVie, Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham for a new lineup that hit the jackpot with “Rumours,” one of the bestselling albums of all time.
Fleetwood said the band's very name reflects Green's self-effacing approach.
“Peter was asked why did they call the band Fleetwood Mac. They said, ‘Well, you know I thought maybe I'd move on at some point and I wanted Mick and John to have a band.' End of story, explaining how generous they are.”
The photos and text of “Love That Burns” are really the celebration of an era, capturing the explosion of British music at a time when bands like The Who and The Beatles were vying for the top spots on the charts — and competing with semi-forgotten bands like Freddie and the Dreamers, who actually got top billing over the Rolling Stones on the least one concert poster.
Once Fleetwood Mac made its name as a blues band, the group was able to go to Chicago's famous Chess Studios to record with some of the great American bluesmen, including a few of the pioneers who had helped perfect the driving Chicago sound.
Fleetwood remembers — with relief — that the longhaired crew of young Brits was able to at least play in the same room as Buddy Guy and Willie Dixon without sounding foolish.
“These are major, major players for anyone who knows anything about blues,” Fleetwood says. “Having that take place, I don't know what they must have really thought with us funny little English kids walking into their world … I feel good about it to this day that we held our own dignity even with these guys.”
They said the whole experience was “like going to their church and not just being in the congregation but actually doing our version of preaching with them.”
While some fans swear the early Fleetwood Mac was better than the later, far more commercial version, Fleetwood knows the group is identified more with its string of hits, including Bill Clinton's favourite song, “Don't Stop,” which earned the band a headlining gig at their inaugural celebration.
This is one reason the book focuses on the first band. Fleetwood doesn't want it to be forgotten.
“Even as we were doing it (the book), we realized that the band was 50 years old,” they said. “So it's really about drawing a line in the sand to say that this happened and what caused this. And it's generally fair to say, especially in the United States, this section of the formation of Fleetwood Mac is not really known about.”
Immigrant families are scared to seek health care say local doctors-- afraid of being "on the record" #abc7news pic.twitter.com/7Qug0cw48r — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) October 6, 2017
Doctors in the East Bay say they are seeing the effects that fear is having on the health of their immigrant patients. They say sometimes those patients are even scared to go to the doctor.Dr. Jyothi Marbin is the Director of Pediatric Research for the underserved residency program at UCSF and they say they have seen people un-enrolling from programs like food stamps and they have even seen families afraid to come into clinics or the doctor's office.Marbin says it's because of concerns that they might be put on the record in some way and they might be putting themselves or their families at risk of deportation.Marbin decided to organize an immigrant healthcare symposium tomorrow in Oakland, bringing together over 200 providers, clinicians, and politicians.Pediatrician Dr. Noemi Spinazzi is on the front lines seeing kids with stomachaches and headaches as they say they succumb to stress over fears of the family members deportation. Or they don't go to the doctor if they are sick.Spinazzi says they also see families who are afraid to report domestic violence for fear of repercussions from the government.Starting a dialogue on all of this is a way for Dr. Marbin to start creating a supportive environment they say, so immigrants can feel like they can see a doctor without fear despite their immigration status.
Not to be upstaged by the release of an album that all of their Fleetwood Mac bandmates contributed to except for her, Stevie Nicks has returned with their first solo song since 2014's 24-Karat Gold: Songs from the Vault. The track, “Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go,” comes from the soundtrack to the new dramatic film from Focus Features, The Book of Henry, which stars Naomi Watts and Sarah Silverman. The song was written by Thomas Bartlett (also known as Doveman) and (!) Ryan Miller from Guster. (Miller posted on Guster's Facebook about the collaboration, which they called “ONE THE GREATEST EXPERIENCES OF MY LIFE”).
The sparse, constantly mutating ballad finds Nicks bridging country-tinged pop songwriting with some modern electronic production and New Age-y flourishes. Watch the lyric video and hear the song below.
The release date of Hrithik Roshan, Tiger Shroff and Vaani Kapoor starrer film which will be directed by Siddharth Anand and will be produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films banner, has been announced by film and trade analyst Taran Adarsh. The action movie is slated to release on October 2, next year.
According to trade analyst Taran Adarsh, the filming is expected to begin in August this year and should conclude by February 2019 end
Yash Raj Productions forthcoming film which will feature Bollywood heartthrob Hrithik Roshan, Tiger Shroff and Vaani Kapoor, has finally got a release date. The film, which will be helmed by Siddharth Anand, will be produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films banner. After many speculations, it has finally been confirmed that the film will be released on October 2, next year. It will be for the first time that two phenomenal dancers—Hrithik Roshan and Tiger Shroff will be sharing the screen space together. Also, Hrithik will be collaborating with YRF after 11 years since Dhoom 2. According to speculations, Hrithik is supposed to be a ‘guru' of Tiger Shroff in the film. We may expect them to be trainer or teacher of some sort, like of martial arts.
According to trade analyst Taran Adarsh, the filming is expected to begin in August this year and should conclude by February 2019 end. The yet-untitled film is set for an October 2, 2019 release.“#BreakingNews: Yash Raj's Hrithik Roshan – Tiger Shroff – Vaani Kapoor starrer [not titled yet] to release on Wednesday, 2 Oct 2019 [Gandhi Jayanti]… Directed by Siddharth Anand… Produced by Aditya Chopra… It will be a 5-day extended weekend,” Taran Adarsh tweeted. They also followed up the above tweet with, “More on Hrithik Roshan – Tiger Shroff – Vaani Kapoor starrer: Hrithik plays Tiger's guru in this thriller… Filming to begin in Aug 2018… Shooting will conclude by Feb-end 2019.”
#BreakingNews: Yash Raj's Hrithik Roshan – Tiger Shroff – Vaani Kapoor starrer [not titled yet] to release on Wednesday, 2 Oct 2019 [Gandhi Jayanti]… Directed by Siddharth Anand… Produced by Aditya Chopra… It will be a 5-day extended weekend. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 2, 2018
More on Hrithik Roshan – Tiger Shroff – Vaani Kapoor starrer: Hrithik plays Tiger's guru in this thriller… Filming to begin in Aug 2018… Shooting will conclude by Feb-end 2019. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 2, 2018
Apart from this interesting project, Hrithik will be seen in Super 30 set for January 25, 2019, release while Tiger will be seen in Student Of The Year 2 on November 23 and before that in Baaghi 2 which will release in April this year.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Nathalie Nguyen-Quoc Ouellette, Astronomer, Education & Outreach Officer, Queen's University, Ontario
Imagine yourself on the USS Enterprise. Your captain (James Kirk, Jean-Luc Picard, Kathryn Janewayâ¦ take your pick!) asks you to scan a nearby planet: Could it harbour life?
You go down your checklist: Oxygen, liquid water, land mass, food. These are the markers science fiction and much of science has looked for during our search for alien life, but is it accurate?
The perfect environment in which life can thrive may not be as simple as we initially thought. And it may not look anything like our own Earth.
To figure out where to look for life, we can start at large scales. Just like animals, stars change over their lifetimes. The stability and age of any given star can give us a clue into how likely it may have a planet with life in its system. Very bright, blue stars that tend to populate spiral galaxies will usually only last a few hundreds of millions of years.
In contrast, smaller, dimmer red stars that are common in elliptical galaxies can last for tens of billions of years. The rule is simple: The more massive a star, the shorter and more turbulent its life tends to be. And life will have a hard go at it if the system's star goes supernova before anything can even get started.
Habitable planets
If we look at our own story nestled in our little solar neighbourhood, the very first humans (by the broadest definition of the term) didn't appear until a few million years ago.
If we follow “Star Trek's” date of 2063 for first contact with another alien race, the Vulcans, that's basically 4.5 billion years between the creation of our solar system and making our first alien friends. It took the very simplest forms of life nearly 750 million years before appearing on Earth. Luckily for us, our quite averagely sized Sun has a lifespan of about 10 billion years. This gave complex life ample time to develop.
In February 2017, NASA made an incredible announcement. They had detected a system 39 light years away with seven exoplanets: TRAPPIST-1. Three of the planets were in the “Goldilocks zone.” This zone covers the region where liquid water can exist, and depends on the size and temperature of the parent star.
All seven planets orbit a type of star called an ultra-cool dwarf, about 1/13th the size of our Sun. These types of stars can live a relatively stable life for hundreds of billions of years. Simulations of planet formation have also shown that their small size and low temperatures make them more likely to host Earth-like planets.
Dedicated telescopes such as the Kepler Telescope and the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope are building an impressive catalogue of thousands of these exoplanets. Surely, we're bound to find something out there with alien life! But what if we didn't have to look so far?
Life in our solar neighbourhood?
NASA made another incredible announcement only two months after the TRAPPIST-1 news. The Cassini spacecraft had detected a possible chemical food source for alien life in the form of molecular hydrogen on Saturn's sixth moon, Enceladus — the energy equivalent of 300 pizzas per hour, no less!
The future exploration of Enceladus and other “Ocean Worlds” such as Jupiter's moon, Europa, and Saturn's largest moon, Titan, is currently the most promising prospect of finding alien life in our own solar system. But our first forays onto these worlds have shown us landscapes very unlike Earth's: oceans of methane, surfaces entirely covered in cracked ice, endless underground oceans with no land masses in sight. This puts into question our previously determined list of “must-haves” to find alien life.
That being said, life forms on our very own home planet continue to surprise us by their resilience, robustness and alien-like qualities. We are always discovering new organisms that thrive in extreme conditions we would have otherwise thought completely deadly.
In 2010, NASA made a breakthrough discovery. An “Arsenic Bug” microorganism was found feeding off the toxic arsenic in Mono Lake, Calif. These incredibly sturdy organisms known as extremophiles may even tie back to the very origins of life on Earth.
Unusual life
In 1977, scientists made a stunning discovery at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. Hydrothermal vents were heating the frigid deep sea waters and ejecting impressive amounts of chemicals into their surroundings. These dissolved chemicals provide the necessary energy to support bacteria that form the base of the food chain of an impressively diverse underwater ecosystem.
Scientists now suggest that ancient hydrothermal vents found on Earth billions of years ago may have populated our world with its very first blips of life. This ecosystem may be very similar to the one hidden at the bottom of Enceladus' oceans! These revelations have expanded our very definition of life. If we are to detect life elsewhere in the universe, it's clear we must cast a wide net.
As we continue our tireless search for someone or something out there in the great dark void, we need to stop and ask ourselves: “What are we even looking for?” A survey of the general population will show that we often rely on pieces of science fiction such as Star Trek to guide our expectations of alien life.
The great majority of these works portray aliens as humanoid beings. This makes for compelling story-telling; can you imagine Capt. Jean-Luc Picard having an intellectual showdown with a colony of bacteria? Perhaps not as interesting as discoursing with an intelligent bipedal reptilian creature who happens to speak English. Using a universal translator helps, I'm sure.
Evolution
But even “Star Trek” has been keeping up with the times. The best example of this is the portrayal of Klingons over the years. When they first appeared in the original series, they were merely people with disconcerting tans and facial hair.
As they evolved through “The Next Generation” and beyond, they gained facial ridges to differentiate them from humans. This came with a very rich culture and language, but not unlike some found throughout human history (the Vikings come to mind).
In the newly released “Star Trek: Discovery,” you will be hard-pressed to find Lt. Commander Worf's face in the Klingons' much more alien appearance. While this may solidify their role as the Federation's main antagonists for now, we can hope a lesson about accepting beings very different from yourself can be extracted by the series' end. As special effects have improved, so too have our idea of what alien life could look like.
If we consider the variety of planets and moons we've discovered that could harbour life, we realize that “habitable” does not need to mean Earth-like. Thus, how can we expect life to evolve exactly as it did on Earth when these alien landscapes are so different from our own?
The theory of evolution has showcased with what skill life manages to adapt itself to its surroundings. A more probable depiction of the Klingons could be intelligent octopus-like creatures that thrive on a purely aquatic world such as Enceladus.
Alien life may solely exist in the form of viruses with which communication would be impossible: Not exactly the kind of fodder “Star Trek” has historically fed off for plot. It may even take a form we have not yet obtained the capacity to imagine. At the end of it all, when we do finally reach the point of first contact, it may not be as simple as a Vulcan salute.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/star-trek-discovery-of-alien-life-veers- https://theconversation.com/st
LANSING, Mich. — The Michigan Supreme Court has turned away the appeal of a former Rotary Club president convicted in the murder of their wife because prosecutors say they wanted to devote themselves to a secret sexual bondage lifestyle that involved other women.
The court issued an order Tuesday regarding the appeal from Bob Bashara. The trial revealed that Bashara hosted men and women at a sex dungeon under a bar called the Hard Luck Lounge and went by bondage nickname “Master Bob.”
Bashara's wife, Jane, was strangled by a handyman in their Grosse Pointe Park garage in 2012. Them body was discovered in their Mercedes-Benz in a Detroit alley.
BEIRUT — A Syrian monitoring group and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants are reporting intense airstrikes on a rebel-held stronghold in Syria's northwest.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and Tel Mardeekh village in Idlib province since the early hours of Saturday.
Syrian government forces and their allies pushed into Idlib, an opposition stronghold, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
The Niagara RiverHawks returned to the win column doubling the short-staffed Dunnville Mudcats 4-2 in Provincial Junior Hockey League action Saturday night at Gale Centre.
Despite coming to Niagara Falls with only 16 players, it was the Mudcats who struck first. A power-play goal 5:49 into the game put them up 1-0.
Dunnville's lead was short-lived, however. Daniel Volpatti found the back of the net for Niagara a minute later, and the game was tied at 1-1 heading into the second period.
The teams also traded goals to start the middle frame, this time in reverse order. Frankie Franck gave the RiverHawks the lead with a power-play goal at the 4:50 mark only to see the Mudcats knot the score three minutes later.
Newly acquired forward Kyle Reeves, playing in their second game for the RiverHawks, scored their first goal in junior hockey at 10:10 to give Niagara a 3-2 lead after 40 minutes.
Volpatti added their second of the game into the empty net at 19:21 of the third period to round out the scoring.
The RiverHawks were 1-for-4 on the power play; Dunnville, 1-for-5.
Shots were 31 apiece, with Sebastian Iannone stopping 29 shots in the Niagara net earning the victory.
With the win, the RiverHawks improved their record to 8-11-3-3 moving one point ahead of the 9-15-2-1 Mudcats to take over fifth place in the eight-team South Bloomfield Division.
After five games the season series between the two teams is tied at two wins apiece. A Nov. 30 game in Niagara Falls ended in a 3-3 tie in overtime.
Niagara is scheduled to play two games their week. The RiverHawks are home to the Port Dover Sailors Thursday for a 7:30 p.m. faceoff at Gale Centre, and visit the Simcoe Shamrocks two days later for at 8:30 p.m. puck drop.
Niagara trails Port Dover 1-2 in head-to-head play and is 4-0 against Simcoe in league play so far this season.
bfranke@postmedia.com
RALEIGH, N.C. — After two months of struggles, Darren Helm finally had the breakout game he's been seeking.
Helm had a goal and two assists, Petr Mrazek stopped 36 shots, and the Detroit Red Wings beat the Carolina Hurricanes 4-1 on Friday night.
Helm's goal was their first since Dec. 5, and they also had their first multi-assist game of the season.
“It feels great,” Helm said. “I don't know if I played a whole lot better than I had in previous games, but it's definitely nice when the puck finally gets in the back of the net, either by myself or given to teammates.”
Gustav Nyquist, Danny DeKeyser and Trevor Daley also scored for the Red Wings, who won their second straight after dropping six of eight.
Helm was at the centre of it all, assisting on DeKeyser's tying goal and Daley's go-ahead score before finding the net themselves on a breakaway late in the third period.
“He was buzzing,” said Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg, who had an assist. “He's a fast guy, strong. It was nice to see them have this game.”
Sebastian Aho scored for the Hurricanes, who snapped a three-game win streak. Scott Darling made 34 saves while losing for the sixth time in their last seven starts.
“We gave up too much in transition,” Hurricanes coach Bill Peters said. “Their transition from defence to offence is very quick and we gave up a lot of odd man rushes and a lot of shots, and on those there was quality also. I don't think we managed the puck as good as we needed to.”
Aho's power-play goal midway through the first opened the scoring. Justin Faulk's slap shot from the blue line nicked Mrazek's glove and fluttered over the Detroit netminder's back, and Aho knocked it in the air and into the net.
Helm and the Red Wings took over from there.
DeKeyser tied it before the period was out. Aided by a screen from Frans Nielsen, DeKeyser took a pass from Helm and ripped a slap shot that beat Darling to their blocker side.
Daley put Detroit ahead 5:06 into the second. Helm came up with a Hurricanes turnover deep in their own zone, raced down the ice and dropped a pass back to Daley at the point and they wound up and fired a vicious slap shot over Darling's glove.
Nyquist provided insurance in the third when they snapped a wrister over Darling's glove with 12:15 remaining.
Helm added the final blow when they came out of the penalty box and picked up a loose puck at centre ice for a breakaway, firing a slapper over Darling right in front of theirs face.
“I just let it rip,” Helm said. “I've struggled to put the puck in the net by making moves. I dumbed it down a little bit and it worked out.”
NOTES: Mrazek improved to 4-1-1 in their last six games. … DeKeyser's goal was their first in 18 games dating back to Dec. 15. … Hurricanes F Teuvo Teravainen set a new career-high with their 28th assist. … The Hurricanes have 13 power-play goals in their last 14 games.
UP NEXT
Red Wings: Finish their two-game road swing at Florida on Saturday.
Hurricanes: Host San Jose on Sunday.
A squad commander in the Givati ​​Brigade, who was seen in a video stealing fruit from an Arab stand in Hevron during an operation of their unit in the city, has been sentenced by the battalion commander to 20 days in military prison, according to Channel 10 Television.
In addition to the prison sentence, the battalion commander dismissed the soldier from their position as a squad commander. The Israel Defense Forces Spokesman said, "The investigation conducted by the battalion commander revealed that the soldier's behavior was not consistent with IDF values."
MOSCOW — A Moscow court has upheld a 20-day jail term for opposition leader Alexei Navalny while police have searched their Moscow headquarters ahead of planned protests.
Navalny was handed the sentence Monday for calling for last week's unsanctioned protest in Nizhny Novgorod. They appealed the verdict to the Moscow City Court, which upheld it Friday.
Navalny has declared their intention to run for president in the March 2018 election, even though a criminal conviction they call politically motivated bars them from running.
The 41-year old anti-corruption crusader has organized several waves of protests this year, and another series of such demonstrations is set in nearly 80 Russian cities for Saturday, when President Vladimir Putin turns 65.
Putin hasn't yet declared their intention to seek re-election, but he's widely expected to run.
Onaiyekan wants children, young adults screened for HIV
The cleric advises religious groups to be more involved in the fight against HIV.
The post Onaiyekan wants children, young adults screened for HIV appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
TORONTO — Shock gave way to grief in Toronto on Tuesday as officials and residents alike struggled to come to terms with a deadly rampage that killed 10 people and injured 15 others.
Candles and flowers piled up along the stretch of Yonge Street where a 25-year-old man allegedly drove a rented van down sidewalks Monday afternoon, striking pedestrians in their path.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., has since been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Before observing a moment of silence and closing down business for the day as an act of mourning, city councillors identified one of the victims as Anne Marie D'Amico, who worked at a U.S.-based investment firm.
A South Korean news agency said two Korean nationals were also among those killed, and cited government officials as saying three others were unaccounted for. Seneca College said a female student was also among the dead, but didn't provide further details.
Near the area where Monday's carnage unfolded, well-wishers wept as they struggled to make sense of the violence that shattered the peace of a usually bustling neighbourhood that regulars describe as a safe haven.
“You feel for this community considering that you live here, you shop here, you laugh with the people here, you go out here,” said neighbourhood resident Don-Antonio Andrew. “It's a very traumatic time for this area and for your neighbourhood.”
Andrew, who said one pedestrian got hit directly in front of their apartment building, came to lay flowers at the scene in a show of solidarity with the neighbourhood they described as one of the best he's lived in since they moved to Canada.
Claire Hurley, who was making their own floral contribution to the makeshift memorial, said the fatal attack was difficult to reconcile with the safe community she's come to know.
“This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock,” they said while wiping back tears. “Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to … enjoy every day.”
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that they reached out to their father to express condolences.
“When I spoke to Rocco … early this morning, it was clear that part of their life is gone,” Palacio said. “As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of their life.”
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a “ball girl” and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said they worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
“Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016,” Tennis Canada said in a statement. “She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own.”
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, they looked around and said little other than their name before charges were announced. Their next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied “I'm sorry.”
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said they served a very brief stint from late August to late October 2017.
“He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training,” spokesperson Jessica Lamirande said in a statement, declining to provide further details.
Minassian was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
“It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto,” city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. “The one…positive to take away from that day was their (officer's) behaviour.”
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a “national security element” to the incident. Calling it a “senseless attack and a horrific tragedy,” Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
“The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy,” Trudeau said. “All Canadians stand united with Toronto today.”
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
“Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow,” they said. “The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken.”
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
“We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us,” Wynne said. “We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is.”
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered their condolences Tuesday morning.
“I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said at a White House ceremony. “Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said Monday it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident. Police are expected to provide further updates on the situation at a 3 p.m. news conference.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
FARMERS in the United States are leading the charge against President Donald Trump's trade policies after the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) handed Australia a huge advantage over America in the lucrative Japanese wheat market. US wheat growers in the States that helped elect Mr Trump are up in arms after analysis by their powerful lobby groups showed Japanese tariffs on wheat imports from Australia will drop by $US65 ($80) a tonne. Australia, along with TPP-member Canada, is eyeing a much bigger piece of the Japanese wheat market, which is dominated by the US. The US farming lobby is angry that Mr Trump has failed to deliver the trade deals they promised after abandoning the TPP in January last year. They are also applying the blow torch over their negative attitude to the North American Free Trade Agreement which underpins US wheat sales to Mexico. The Australian industry has little sympathy for their counterparts in the US, who generally receive far more in terms of government support. WAFarmers Grain Section president Duncan Young said the US could have had a seat at the TPP table but chose to turn its back on the trade deal. Mr Young said it was unclear how the US had calculated the $US65/t advantage for Australia, but there was no doubt local growers would get a big boost from the TPP. “There appears to be a lot of positives for us and I can't see too many negatives,” they said. “Japan is fairly unique in that it is still a regulated market with MAFF (Japan's Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries) controlling the buying. “It is not black and white what we will get out of it because of that regulated system, but that will become clearer and we see substantial benefit.” The Australian industry has kept a lid on its celebrations amid delicate talks in Japan about the progressive dismantling of the centralised buying system controlled by MAFF in conjunction with Japan Flour Millers Association (JFMA). Key figures in the trade were in Tokyo for talks and celebrations to mark JFMA's 70th anniversary when the TPP breakthrough was announced last week.
The jubilant Australian delegation was contrasted by US representatives, who were rocked by the TPP breakthrough. Major Japanese players have already notified Australian exporters they expect the US to be at a disadvantage for one of the few times since 1949 when a trade delegation from Oregon gave it prime position in the market. The US has averaged annual sales of 3.1 million tonnes of wheat to Japan over the past five years and has about 50 per cent of the total market share. Kevin Tongue, who runs a 2000 hectare property near Tamworth, New South Wales, of which 25pc is devoted to wheat and barley, said it was important that Australian growers were able to gain access to markets freely without being handicapped by tariffs. “It's got to be a level playing field for everyone,” Mr Tongue said. “The more export markets that are open to us the better.” The influential US Wheat Associates (USW), representing 17 States, and the National Association of Wheat Growers (NAWG) warned the TPP put overseas demand for US wheat at risk and sheeted the blame to Mr Trump. USW policy director Ben Conner said the TPP agreement minus the US sent “another discouraging signal” to long-time customers in Japan. Mr Conner said the TPP would put US growers at a $US200 million ($247m) a year disadvantage in the Japanese market. “As the agricultural community warned when the President made the announcement, withdrawing from TPP was short-sighted and unnecessary and now US wheat farmers could take the hit,” they said. NAWG president Gordon Stoner, who farms in Montana, said the TPP agreement “should serve as a rallying cry for farmers, ranchers and dairy producers calling for the new trade deals we were promised when the President walked away from TPP”. “An already stressed agriculture sector needs the benefit of free and fair trade now,” they said. The export-focused wheat industry in WA will build on its strong relationship with Japan as the almost exclusive supplier of varieties used to make udon noodles.
WA growers sell up to one million tonnes of noodle wheat a year to Japan, with the Japanese anxious to ensure that supply is kept up. US farmers also want more action from Mr Trump to secure the future of NAFTA as negotiations with Canada and the US drag on into a sixth round. They joined forces with Canadian wheat growers and Mexican flour millers last week to urge all sides to get on with updating the 23-year-old agreement. The Australian government, meanwhile, has reignited its campaign to get the US back to the TPP negotiating table, after Mr Trump hinted at a rethink of the US position. “The way it was structured was terrible,” they told CNBC in an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos. “If we did a substantially better deal, I would be open to TPP.” Trade Minister Steven Ciobo spoke to US counterpart Robert Lighthizer about the TPP in Davos at the weekend, while Foreign Minister Julie Bishop used events around the “G'Day USA” promotional weekend in Los Angeles to highlight the importance of the US to the Indo-Pacific region. On Sunday, Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce weighed into the campaign. “As it's not signed yet I don't want to say these positions are finalised,” Mr Joyce said in an interview on Sky News. “The final draft of it, I hope, is determined once the United States is part of it. “If there are changes required, minor changes, to bring the US (in)... that should be done.” Mr Joyce also said the government had a duty to explain the benefits of the landmark Pacific-wide trade deal agreed last week – something Labor had been demanding be done through an analysis by the Productivity Commission. Shadow trade spokesperson Jason Clare is pushing for the government to have the Productivity Commission model the final details of the 11-country deal when it is released in March in Chile. “In an era when people are sceptical of trade deals it would help the government – and I think it would be good for Australia – if we had an independent report saying: ‘here are the benefits, this is where the jobs will be created, these are the industries that will benefit, these are the parts of Australia that will be better off and here are the areas where we need to do more work to help people that won't be better off',” they said.
× Expand Photo by Jon Anderson Hoover school board 2-2-18 The Hoover Board of Education meets on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, and votes to fire a school bus driver who was charged with DUI after wrecking their school bus on Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018.
The Hoover school board today voted to fire the Hoover school bus driver who was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol Wednesday after wrecking their bus.
Mark Pierce, who had served as a bus driver for the Hoover school system since September, is terminated effective immediately, with their pay and benefits ending 15 days from now, in accordance with state law, Superintendent Kathy Murphy said.
School board President Earl Cooper thanked Murphy for their expeditious handling of the matter and declined to comment further, other than to say “The State Troopers said it all.”
Pierce wrecked their bus just before 5 p.m. Wednesday as they were exiting Interstate 459 North at Acton Road, according to the Alabama State Troopers. The bus left the road and went down an embankment to the tree line. No students were on the bus at the time of the crash, Murphy said Thursday.
Pierce had already finished their afternoon route and was returning their bus to its overnight location when the wreck occurred, school system spokesperson Jason Gaston said.
Pierce's bus, labeled 2007-01, carried students from Spain Park High School only and served students in the Bluff Park, Shades Mountain, Alford Avenue area, Gaston said. They had taken 35 students home the day of the wreck, Gaston said.
That route typically lasts one hour and 20 minutes, with the bus typically returning to Spain Park High School just before 5 p.m., Gaston said.
Troopers took Pierce to the Jefferson County Jail Wednesday night, and they were charged with DUI and released Thursday morning on a $1,000 bond. Their blood alcohol level was .15, which is four times the legal limit for someone operating a school bus, according to Troopers.
Murphy on Thursday issued a statement that said the most important role of a school district is the safety and well-being of its children.
“The Hoover City School District accepts and embraces that the safety of our children is priority one, and we will accept nothing less from our employees,” they said. “A serious breach of good judgment occurred on yesterday by one of our bus drivers. Their failure to act responsibly could have resulted in serious injury and loss of life.”
This article was updated at 5:39 p.m. with additional information concerning Pierce's school bus route.
TORONTO — Within minutes after a white van hopped the sidewalk and began mowing down pedestrians on a Toronto street, photographs and videos of the incident began pouring onto social media platforms.
Facebook and Twitter became some of the earliest sources for many Canadians looking for a glimpse into the havoc of a breaking news event, but social media analyst Bruce Cameron sensed a different tone to their reactions.
Fewer people seemed willing to jump to conclusions based on what little they knew about the man suspected to be the van's driver on Monday, they said.
Less than a day later, Alek Minassian was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
While social media was alight with comments about the incident shortly after it happened, Cameron said generally speaking they felt there was a greater restraint over sharing unverified information, compared to other cases in recent memory. They said it could be a sign of growing skepticism towards what's being shared online.
“We're entering a stage where the initial glow and allure of social media has faded somewhat,” they suggested.
In the wake of revelations around Cambridge Analytica, the political consultancy firm embroiled in accusations over harvesting private Facebook data, Cameron believe there's a tangible change afoot in the weight people give their social media news feeds.
“In the next year or two, we're going to enter a more mature phase of how we use and digest social media,” they said.
“This (incident) may well be looked back at as an example where the worst impact of social media didn't come to pass.”
It's an optimistic prediction that not every social media observer considers realistic.
Jeffrey Dvorkin, director of journalism at the University of Toronto's Scarborough campus, said if anything, the Toronto van attack was further proof alt-right activists will use any opportunity to fuel speculation about terrorism designed to further their cause.
“There may have been a moment of restraint by virtue of the fact this was such a horrific and unusual act of violence — but my guess is that it will resume in the usual manner in a few days,” they said.
“The conspiracy theorists will start to reassert themselves shortly, once the initial horror has either passed or sunk in more deeply.”
Dvorkin also questioned the media outlets who chose to broadcast smartphone videos showing Toronto police arresting the van's driver. They also felt it unnecessary for outlets to run graphic images of the crime scene.
“Even a few years ago, many media organizations would not have allowed that,” they said.
“But now it's the idea that if the whole town's talking about it, it must be news.”
Ryan Scrivens, an extremism researcher at Concordia University, suggested that news coverage also drove the conversations on social media. They took issue with how breaking news channels interviewed eyewitnesses who speculated about terrorism and the description of the suspect.
They said even in their position as an experienced professional studying terror cells, they are usually careful not to draw conclusions — but they had to check their cautiousness against a gut reaction, which was to immediately think of terrorism.
“I didn't want to jump the gun, but it did fit the bill,” they said.
Scrivens suggested that others ignore the tendency to draw conclusions before the facts come out.
“We have to wait for the information,” they said.
“It's hard, because on social media we're just being bombarded with constant updates. I think we just need to cool off.”
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the "activate now" button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
DAKAR, Senegal (AP) — The World Food Program says five people were hurt when a small plane with its humanitarian service was involved in an accident during takeoff from a remote airstrip in Congo's Kasai region.
A United Nations statement on Wednesday says two crew members and three passengers sustained minor injuries in the accident in Kamonia.
It gives no further details, saying the cause of the crash will be investigated.
The statement says the five people have been taken to a local medical facility and a helicopter and plane have been mobilized to take them to the capital, Kinshasa for further treatment.
A Long-Term Investment Approach Focused on Diversification, Quality and Value
David Ott is the Chief Investment Officer and Partner of Acropolis Investment Management, LLC.  They are a member of the board of trustees for Whitfield School, the Friends of St. Louis Public Radio Board and the board of trustees for St. Louis City Academy.  They are a graduate of Franklin & Marshall College. Profile
Mr. Ott: David Ott.
TWST: Can you tell me your title and the organization?
Mr. Ott: I am a partner at Acropolis Investment
TORONTO — Citytv has picked Roger Petersen as the new co-host of Toronto morning show “Breakfast Television.”
Petersen joined co-host Dina Pugliese on Wednesday as they stepped into the role vacated by Kevin Frankish in May.
Rogers Media, which owns Citytv, said Petersen will be familiar to viewers of the station.
He's covered several major local stories as a news reporter, including the Toronto van attack earlier this year, SARS and the Papal visit.
Petersen also worked from Vancouver for some time as the CityNews anchor.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) -- Antwain Johnson had 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting and Nick King had their seventh double-double of the season to help Middle Tennessee hold off Charlotte for a 78-73 win on Saturday night.
King, a graduate transfer from Alabama, finished with 24 points and 12 rebounds and Johnson added three steals. Tyrik Dixon added 10 points, including a late 3-pointer, on 4-of-5 shooting for Middle Tennessee (18-5, 10-1 Conference USA). The Blue Raiders have won five in a row and 10 of their last 11.
Johnson hit a jumper to give Middle Tennessee a 12-point lead with six minutes to play, Jon Davis scored 10 points during a 14-5 run that trimmed Charlotte's deficit to 73-70 with 1:32 remaining. Dixon answered with a 3 and, after Najee Garvin converted a 3-point play with 49 seconds left, King capped the scoring with two free throws.
Davis had 20 points and Garvin scored 17 for Charlotte (5-16, 1-9).
Middle Tennessee used a 13-3 advantage on the offensive glass to outscore the 49ers 15-5 on second-chance points.
Street photography can be one of the most accessible genres of photography – after all, you can pretty much do it anywhere, anytime. And the essence of photojournalism/street photography is the summation of emotions, reality, and a story in a single image. You can take good street photos with any lens, but personally I am a big fan of wide angles.
Part of this stems from visual context in an image. The background in a street photograph or a photojournalistic image gives viewers a visual cue as to what is going on. To completely remove the subject from its context may be aesthetically pleasing, but detracts from the visual meaning behind the photograph.
Historically, photographers who have used wider focal lengths for street and documentary work have done so because they show much more context than telephoto lenses, which tend to flatten the background and isolate the subject. Such lenses include the 24mm, 28mm, 35mm and 50mm focal lengths.
One common rookie mistake is to use a wide aperture to blur the background of every image to make it simpler. When I first started serious photography, I was taken by fast aperture zoom lenses and prime lenses. Shallow depth of field sometimes became a crutch.
Shooting with a wide lens has many challenges to creating a great image. Here are five things to note when shooting wide:
1) The Background
In my early days of using wide lenses for street photography, I often ignored any elements of the frame crossing the background. I often had to crop the image significantly, or not use it at all! Getting the background right demands patience and care. You can wait for your background to empty itself before clicking the shutter, or you can use it intentionally to add to the message of your photo.
The nature of wide angles is that more elements will appear in the image – so, there needs to be more care and discipline in using those elements constructively.
2) Stretching and Subject Distortion
Often, since you are so close to your subject with a wide angle lens, you will see your photo stretch and distort toward the edge of the frame. Take that into consideration if you don't want your subject to look like an alien! In my experience, any focal length wider than 24mm equivalent has this tendency to stretch human subjects beyond reality, since a photo's perspective is very exaggerated when you are so close to what you're photographing. If your subject is in the center or farther away in the frame, this may not matter as much.
3) Composition, Alignment, and Lines
Similarly, the alignment of elements in your frame can appear to change when using wider focal lengths. Be mindful of any lines in the composition. While it is harder with a wide angle lens to maintain straight-looking lines in the background, it is achievable with care.
Though it is best to get it right in camera, Adobe Lightroom's perspective correction tool can often rescue images, albeit with some crops or pixel interpolation. If using a zoom lens, barrel distortion may also be prevalent. Try to find ways in the composition to hide that, or correct it later at the expense of some cropping in post-processing. A simple shift of a few inches can change the image when shooting with a wider lens.
4) Including More Elements
The effect of shooting wide can also allow you to include more elements in the picture. This leads to a greater relationship between the subjects and their surroundings.
5) Depth of Field
With a wider lens comes more depth of field, and less ability to blur the background. At a focusing distance of 3-4 feet, for example, almost an entire scene can be sharp if shot with a 24mm lens. While this lends itself well to storytelling, isolation is sometimes an issue. Get closer to your subject if you need to get some isolation, and use a wider aperture. Even then, you will see more detail in the background than with more of a telephoto or long focal length.
Shooting wide can be a fun way to shake up your photojournalism or street photography. If you try it, I think you will find it very enjoyable!
Thank you to Photography Life reader Alvin Ho, based in Singapore, for submitting this article as part of our 2018 guest post contest. You can see more of Alvin's work at their website.
PHOENIX — Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in the sun-drenched state, setting up a political fight over a measure funded by a California billionaire.
Clean Energy for a Healthy Arizona aims to ask voters whether they want the state Constitution to require half of Arizona's electricity come from renewable sources like wind and solar by 2030. The group plans to file more than 225,000 signatures Thursday gets the question on the November ballot.
Billionaire philanthropist Tom Steyer is financing the initiative through their NextGen Climate Action group, which supported similar efforts in Nevada and Michigan. But only the Arizona measure spawned a political battle, with the Republican-controlled Legislature passing a rule to help insulate utilities and the parent company of the state's largest electricity provider bankrolling opposition messaging.
Steyer, known for climate advocacy as well as their push to impeach President Donald Trump, says he's backing the proposal because of the benefits it will bring to Arizona.
“It actually will lead to lower costs and save a lot of money for consumers,” Steyer said. “It leads to clean air and a lot better health outcomes for Arizonans, and it should create literally tens of thousands of jobs in the state of Arizona. So it's hard to understand why these people are fighting it.”
Supporters of the initiative say Arizona hasn't taken advantage of its role as the sunniest state in the nation to develop more solar energy, saying it derives just 6 per cent of its energy from solar.
Arizona Public Service Co. says the proposed constitutional amendment will cause customers' utility rates to skyrocket and harm reliability.
Its parent company, Pinnacle West Capital Corp., funneled $1.18 million to Arizonans for Affordable Energy to oppose the initiative in the first three months of the year. Multiple chambers of commerce, Tucson Electric Power and Chicanos Por La Causa also oppose it.
“Everyone supports renewable energy,” said Matthew Benson, spokesperson for the utility-funded opposition initiative. “The question is whether we are going to have an Arizona plan that is created and implemented by Arizona leaders and officials, or whether we're going to have a plan crammed down our throats by a political activist from California.”
Campaign finance records show Steyer's group gave $750,000 in cash and more than $200,000 in goods and services to the renewable energy campaign.
Opponents have used the #StopSteyer hashtag in the run-up to Thursday's deadline for petition signatures. Legislative Republicans also cast them as an “out-of-state billionaire” when they passed a law that limits the cost of not complying with renewable energy mandates.
Steyer disagrees that he's dictating policy. The National Resources Defence Council, Mi Familia Vota, and various in-state health and climate groups have endorsed the initiative as a way to bring more renewable energy to Arizona.
“When concentrated corporate interests put themselves and their bottom line ahead of the people, I don't like that,” Steyer said. “And that's what I suspect is happening here. And I think the people of Arizona should be asked what they think, and that's what we're trying to enable.”
Arizona is one of three states where the billionaire's NextGen Climate Action group pushed ballot initiatives for higher renewable energy standards. Nevada's measure hasn't drawn the same uproar, and the effort in Michigan ended after two utilities decided to increase investments in renewable energy.
Benson says Arizona is different partly because of the numbers — the Michigan initiative had a 30 per cent renewable mandate compared with 50 per cent in Arizona. The Arizona Corporation Commission already requires electric utilities to generate 15 per cent of their energy from renewable sources by 2025.
APS also warned that the initiative's higher renewable standard would force its nuclear power plant to close. Nuclear wouldn't count toward the 50 per cent mandate, and APS says its Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station is the largest electricity producer in the U.S.
Jeff Burke, APS director of resources planning, says customers would see 6 to 14 per cent increases on their bills if the company is forced to ratchet up renewable use ahead of schedule.
“We continue to add renewables to our system, but they have to make sense,” Burke said. “It's not really about a target, it's about what makes sense for our customers' usage and what makes rates affordable and what keeps our system reliable.”
Thirty-two states with renewable standards didn't have, on average, a correlated rate increase, according to Wesley Hersche, an associate director of research with Arizona State University's Global Security Initiative.
“These issues involve a complex interaction of factors, and we should be careful not to oversimplify things,” Hersche wrote in April. “But renewable energy technologies such as solar, wind, and battery storage have become so cheap recently that this finding is not all that surprising.”
Justin Thomas poses with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at the Quail Hollow Club Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in Charlotte, N.C. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Justin Thomas is a major champion. When they became one is more meaningful than where.
If they had to pick a major to win first, the PGA Championship would have been the most appropriate because of their family heritage. The first person they hugged was their father. The first person they called was their grandfather. Both are longtime club professionals. Mike Thomas, their father, served on the PGA of America board.
"For this to be my first one and have my dad here, and I know Grandpa was watching at home. I was able to talk to him, and that was pretty cool," Thomas said after their two-shot victory at Quail Hollow.
The message from Paul Thomas: "This is the first of many."
The first one can be the hardest.
Jordan Spieth brought that up last month before they won their third at the British Open. They won their first one at the 2015 Masters when they were 21 without breaking too much of a sweat, at least on the outside. They never let anyone closer than three shots after the opening round, a feat accomplished only one other time in Masters history.
But they were keenly aware of the significance.
"I can win this major here and it would be a huge monkey off the back," Spieth recalled thinking. "Because the longer you go without one, it's making each one harder."
Players in their 20s won three of the majors this year.
Brooks Koepka won the U.S. Open in their 15th major as a pro. Thomas was playing in their 10th major as a pro when they won the PGA Championship. The 2015 Masters was Spieth's seventh start in the majors.
The other major champion was Sergio Garcia.
Garcia was a 19-year-old rookie when they nearly chased down Tiger Woods at Medinah in the 1999 PGA Championship with a spirit so relentless that Woods had to make an 8-foot par putt on the 17th hole to stay in the lead and win by one. The question that day was not when Garcia would win a major, but how many.
Two years later, they started the final round two shots behind at the British Open. They played in the final group in the U.S. Open a year after that, the British Open in 2006 (both times with Woods), and they had a three-shot lead at Carnoustie in 2007.
The Spaniard had speckles of gray in their stubble when they slipped on the green jacket in April, finally, at age 37.
"I did think about, 'Am I ever going to win one?'" they said when they won the Masters. "I've had so many good chances and either I lost them or someone has done something extraordinary to beat me."
Over the last 20 years, winning a major weighed most heavily on Phil Mickelson. They finally won the 2004 Masters when they were 34, and they now have five majors. In their eighth start in a major, they squandered one of their best chances in the 1995 U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills. Mickelson played the par-5 16th hole in 6 over for the week and wound up four shots behind. It would have been hard to believe then that it would take Lefty nine more years.
It's harder than ever to win on the PGA Tour, and the majors are no different. The talent pool is getting deeper and younger. Three times over the last four years, players in their 20s have won three out of four majors.
Hideki Matsuyama, the 25-year-old Japanese star, was runner-up at the U.S. Open (but never in serious contention at Erin Hills), and they had a one-shot lead walking off the 10th green Sunday at Quail Hollow. Is their time coming? They could be like Spieth (who was runner-up in the Masters before they won). They could be like Garcia.
"All I can do is try harder next time," Matsuyama said.
And then there's Rickie Fowler, who at 28 would ordinarily be considered too young for the label of "best without a major."
Then again, the phrase "too young" is getting old.
Fowler had their seventh top-5 finish in a major at Quail Hollow and now has played 30 majors since turning pro. The high finishes would figure to serve them well. Fowler waited behind to celebrate with Thomas, as they have graciously done for others, and they posed with Thomas and the Wanamaker Trophy.
Thomas spoke honestly of the jealousy they felt when Spieth quickly compiled three legs of the career Grand Slam (Spieth is 3 months younger than Thomas). But they think that's true for just about anyone toward the winner of any major, and he's probably right. If they're not, they should be.
"It's just nice to have one," Thomas said.
In a strange way, Thomas felt calm realizing there were so many good players who have only one major, and it took them awhile to do it. They wouldn't be the first player to wait on that first major. It's a nice feeling knowing that he's not the next.
"To win a major at 24," they said, "is pretty cool saying it."
How anti-Trump gunman was killed in shootout
A rifle-wielding opponent of President Donald Trump opened fire on US lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game Wednesday, wounding a top Republican member of congress and four others before they were fatally injured in a shootout with police.
The 66-year-old gunman was identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, an ardent supporter of left-wing Senator Bernie Sanders — who said they were “sickened” by what they called a “despicable act.”
In an address to the nation, Trump appealed for unity following the early morning assault in the Washington suburb of Alexandria, Virginia, which came amid high political tension in the US capital after a vitriol-filled 2016 election.
“We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good,” said the president.
Congressman Steve Scalise, the number three Republican in the House of Representatives, was expected to recover after being shot in the hip.
Four others were wounded: a congressional aide, a lobbyist and two Capitol Police officers.
Trump described Scalise as a “very good friend,” a “patriot” and a “fighter,” telling him: “America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
FBI agent Tim Slater told a news conference that investigators were still “exploring all angles” and that it was too early to tell if the Republican lawmakers were deliberately targeted.
They would also not confirm a report by CBS that the gunman used a high-powered semi-automatic assault rifle.
According to their Facebook page, Hodgkinson was a fervent supporter of Sanders, the feisty independent who battled Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination last year.
Hodgkinson's social media posts displayed strong anti-Trump sentiment.
“I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” their brother, Michael Hodgkinson, told The New York Times. But they said news of the shooting came “totally out of the blue.”
Sanders swiftly responded to report the suspect had volunteered on their presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” they said.
“Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
– ‘Massacre' averted –
All votes in the House of Representatives were cancelled for Wednesday, but the annual Congressional baseball game will go on as planned Thursday night at Nationals Park in the US capital.
The shooting took place at around 7:00 am (1100 GMT) as the Republican team practiced for the charity game, a well-loved showdown between Senate and House members of both the Republican and Democratic camps.
Congressman Rodney Davis told CNN they were up at bat at the time, and Scalise was in the field at second base.
“I was batting, we heard a loud noise…. The next thing I remember was somebody on the field yelling ‘Run, he's got a gun.'”
Alexandria police chief Michael Brown said their officers arrived at the scene within three minutes, engaged the suspect together with Capitol Police officers, and took them into custody. The gunman later died of their injuries.
Trump praised the “heroic” acts of law enforcement in subduing the shooter.
“Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault,” Trump said.
“Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims.”
Senator Rand Paul, also at the practice, said they believed the rapid intervention narrowly prevented a bloodbath.
“It would have been a massacre. And having no self-defense, the field was basically a killing field,” Paul told reporters.
Asked whether they thought it was a random shooting, Republican lawmaker Mo Brooks — who helped the wounded at the scene — told CNN: “It sure as heck wasn't an accident.”
“People know this is the Republican baseball team practicing,” they said. “He knew who we were.”
– ‘Dragging their body' –
Scalise's office said the 51-year-old was in stable condition at a Washington hospital after being shot in the hip.
“Prior to entering surgery, (Scalise) was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone,” it added.
Brooks described Scalise dragging their body across the field to get away from the shooter while the firing continued.
After the shots subsided, they and others at the scene attempted to tend to Scalise's wound, while Brooks took off their belt and used it as a tourniquet for a bleeding staffer who had been shot in the leg.
Scalise, a representative from the southern state of Louisiana elected to Congress in 2008, heads the conservative House caucus known as the Republican Study Committee.
The staunch conservative is among the lawmakers leading the drive to repeal former president Barack Obama's signature health care law, among other top Republican priorities.
The post How anti-Trump gunman was killed in shootout appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The researchers trapped pea plants in glass chambers with ether, soaked roots of the sensitive plant and seedlings of garden cress in lidocaine and even measured the electrical activity of a Venus fly trap's cells. An hour or so later the plants became unresponsive. The seedlings stayed dormant. And the Venus fly trap didn't react to a stimulus similar to a bug crawling across its maw. Its cells stopped firing.
When the dope wore off, the plants returned to life, as if something had hit pause — almost like they were regaining consciousness, something we typically don't think they possess. It's all so animallike.
“How organisms are perceiving the environment or responding or adapting are based on some very similar principles,” Dr. Baluska said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Researchers already knew that anesthetics with different chemical structures or elements all seem to halt pain, consciousness or activity in plants and animals — even bacteria. But how they render us unconscious or how so many different kinds physically act on the human nervous system still elude us after more than a century of use. Some bind to receptors to turn off activity. But this can't explain them all.
Under anesthetics, cell membranes fill up with fluids. Apply pressure to the cells, lose the fluid and the anesthetic wears off — in plants and animals. This suggests that something simple, like what is physically happening to a cell's membrane, may be the common denominator explaining anesthetics' effects across the plant and animal kingdoms, Dr. Baluska said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In some plant root cells under anesthesia, Dr. Baluska and their colleagues found that membranes were having trouble doing what they normally do, recycling bits of cellular material by transporting it in and out of cells.
Dr. Baluska can't say what was altering membrane function in the plants, but membranes are important for transferring messages via electricity from one cell to another, messages that would lead to action or movement.
The electrical activity that moves across neurons is thought by some scientists to contribute to human consciousness. If electrical activity is being disrupted by anesthetic in plants, too, causing them to “lose consciousness,” does that mean, in some way, that they are conscious?
“No one can answer this because you cannot ask them,” said Dr. Baluska.
Even so, perhaps we're more alike, us and plants, than we think.
LUTH, Airtel fete volunteers on World Blood Donor Day
The Lagos University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) and Airtel Nigeria yesterday commemorated the World Blood Donor Day by feting blood donors who came forward voluntarily for the campaign to save the lives of thousands of patients.
Employees of the network provider and LUTH workers led the blood donation campaign to bring relief to patients while calling on Nigerians to voluntarily and freely donate their blood to save the lives of others.
Head of Hematology and Blood Transfusion at LUTH, Prof. Suleiman Akanmu, who kicked off the exercise yesterday at the LUTH auditorium in Idi-Araba, said the donation demonstrates the volunteers' dedication to saving lives. They said the donated blood could be used on any patient that is in critical need of it, especially accident victims.
They lamented that very few Nigerians walk into health centres to donate blood without any remuneration. “At the LUTH donor recruitment centre, the first thing we usually ask a prospective donor is whether he/she is donating to save lives or donating to get money in return? People who collect money before donating are known as blood touts or commercial donors.”
Dr. Adewunmi said: “Blood touting is outlawed in all federal and state teaching hospitals, but we still find them operating in corners, which has caused a high demand for commercial donors.”
Mrs. Bolanle Tijani, said regular blood donation improves the donor's cardiovascular health. “A consistent blood donor is likely to have lowered risk of cancer in the liver, lungs, stomach and the colon. I started donating since 2005, twice a year and I feel elated at each opportunity.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DSS: Intelligence agency arrests notorious kidnappers
In a statement, the Department of State Services disclosed its achievement in apprehending three notorious kidnappers.
Several arrests of kidnappers and terrorists have been made by the Department of State Services (DSS) in its attempt to ensure the safety of the country.
This was contained in a statement released by Tony Opuiyo, the spokesperson for the organisation who mentioned in a statement that three kidnapping suspects were arrested on November 29, 2016.
“Prior to their arrest, they were members of a kidnap gang that terrorised commuters and residents of communities along the major highways between Edo and Kogi States.
"Similarly, on 30th November, 2016, one Ibrahim ADAMU and three of their associates namely; Umar ABUBAKAR, Ibrahim SALISU and Abdullahi ABUBAKAR, were arrested at Ibilio village in Edo State.
"The quartets were part of a larger gang that specialized in the kidnap of people along the Edo-Kogi corridor.
“On 20th December, 2016, at Katsina-Ala town in Benue State, another gang of suspected kidnappers comprising one Ernest BENZE, Terkura TYOKISHIR alias MPOTO, and Anun AONDONA, identified as members of the Terwase Akwaza kidnap syndicate, were arrested for their complicity in kidnap incidents in the State.
"It would be recalled that the Terwase gang is known for its notoriety and credited with various dastardly and violent acts in the State.
“Furthermore, one Usman Sanusi MUSA aka KEKE, a notorious kidnap kingpin was intercepted by the Service on 15th December, 2016, at Sabuwar-Kaura village in Doguwa LGA, Kano State.
"MUSA is a high-profile criminal who, in conjunction with other criminal associates of their gang has been terrorizing residents and communities in Bauchi, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau States.
“In continuation of the fight against terrorism, on 30th November, 2016, three suspected Boko Haram fighters namely Samaila MUHAMMAD, Sanusi MUSA and Hudu MUHAMMAD were arrested at Dirbunde village of Takai LGA in Kano State.
"The trio have perfected plans to carry out series of coordinated attacks with Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) in selected States of the North-West zone in the month of November, 2016 to disrupt festive activities during the end of year and the new year of 2017," the statement reads.
ALSO READ: Man demands N4m from uncle after staging own abduction
Kidnapping and some various acts were predominant in the previous year, particularly in areas like the South-South part of the country.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
An online poll asked â€œIf a woman hits you, would you hit them back?â€. At one stage a 80% of voters said â€œyesâ€, they would hit a woman who hit them.
An online poll asked â€œIf a woman hits you, would you hit them back?â€. At one stage a 80% of voters said â€œyesâ€, they would hit a woman who hit them. NBedov/Istock
A Facebook poll asked social media users whether or not it was okay to hit a woman if they hit you first. Journalist SHERELE MOODY says the poll missed a vital point.
"IF a woman hits you, would you hit them back?"
An online poll asking this question appeared on an Australian men's rights Facebook page about two weeks ago.
By the time the poll was deleted, almost 80,000 people had responded.
At one stage 80% of voters said "yes", they would hit a woman who hit them.
This dropped to 49% as anti-violence activists urged Aussie females to cast a "no" vote.
As with any social media post, the public commentary flowed thick and fast, with the majority of the men saying hitting a woman "in self-defence" was justified.
A lot of commentators also declared that if women wanted equality they should expect "equal rights and equal lefts".
"So what you are saying is you don't want equal rights. You want more rights. As for me my mother raised me if a bitch hits you with their fist knock that bitch out," one bloke opined.
And another vented: "If a woman attacks me I will hit them back no questions asked. Keep your damn hands to yourself and you ain't going to have a problem ... can't follow that a left hook will remind you good and proper."
And there was this comment about "chivalry": "If a woman puts their hands on a man then they have every right to hit back. Remember chivalry & equality cannot co-exist. Woman wanted equality so here it is."
A minority of commentators said violence should not be an option.
"Why would a woman ever hit? Violence is not the answer. More than enough legal ways for a woman to leave the guy. If they choose to hit. They choose violence," one bloke wrote.
A woman responded with: "I hope none of these 'men' have sisters, wives, mothers, daughters, nieces, female friends.... SICK!!".
HOW THIS GROUP TROLLS WOMEN
I'VE chosen not to name the organisation involved because the last thing it deserves is promotion. I'll refer to it as the "MRA group".
The group loves the limelight, often stating "any publicity is good publicity" when its activities are discussed in the media - which is surprisingly often.
Its website says it aims to: "To expose the double standards, hypocrisy and misandry of feminism;to destroy feminism in Australia; and to give men a voice without being silenced by feminists."
It regularly urges its followers to protest against female-focused businesses as well as not-for-profits and charities supporting female survivors of family violence.
In June last year, the organisation hit the headlines when it urged its members to troll the Facebook page of Brisbane company Tradettes after owner Helen Yost posted they were seeking to add another female plumber to their staff.
Yost's page copped thousands of anti-women comments and one-star reviews and they were inundated with negative emails, phone calls and text messages.
"They're saying that we're trying to run the industry down and that we're not doing a good job as female plumbers," Ms Yost told network 10's The Project.
"They've also been sending emails, they've been sending messages through the Facebook page and they've been prank calling us all day today."
The owners of the offending Facebook page refused to speak to media about this, but in the hours after the Tradettes trolling was exposed, the MRA group proclaimed "any publicity is good publicity" on its socials.
"All we did was state they were sexist for implying that male plumbers don't clean up after themselves or have an attention to detail," the post said.
"Naturally The Project (TV program) took this as an opportunity to push their anti-male agenda by making this sexist company look like the victims."
The day after the Tradettes trolling started, the same organisation urged its members to turn their focus to the Avid Reader Bookshop and Cafe, also in Brisbane.
Why? Because it had announced it would be stocking Clementine Ford's new book Boys Will Be Boys.
"Avid Reader Bookshop and Cafe in Brisbane are promoting Clementine Ford's man hating book," the MRA group posted on its Facebook page.
"Be sure to leave them a one-star review for promoting the hatred of men."
And the trolls attacked, leaving the ubiquitous one-star ratings and negative reviews.
"DISGUSTING MAN HATING BOOK STORE THAT PROMOTES MISANDRISM [sic]!," one person posted on the Avid Facebook page.
Another followed this up with: "Since you promote misandrist Clementine Ford who hates men, I will never visit this bookshop/cafe ever again."
Hundreds of missives along these lines rolled in until word of the attacked leaked out and social media users across the country took the situation into their own hands.
The trolling backfired, as Facebookers delivered 5000 new likes to Avid's page, while leaving 2000 glowing and supportive five-star reviews.
It's vital to note that Facebook page owners cannot remove offensive reviews, a flaw trolling experts take advantage of.
The only way to nip this in the bud is to turn the review portion of your page off, something most owners are loathe to do as positive reviews can lead to better profit.
A screenshot of the Facebook poll asking if it's OK to hit women. Facebook
MISSING THE REAL ISSUES IMPACTING MEN
THE organisation behind this trolling has a web page stacked to the gills with articles opposing feminism.
It also has a Twitter account and two Facebook sites.
For the seventh time, Facebook removed the group's open page - which had about 8000 followers - for inciting violence against women. Within days of the page being removed its owners had started a new one.
Its other site - a closed Facebook group - has more than 11,000 followers. A quick glance at its members list shows the vast majority are male.
In social media terms its follower figures are small, but this organisation could still use its influence to make a difference in the lives of the thousands of men who are attracted to its ethos.
In Australia, guys have rough ride. There is no doubt about this. If you are male, chances are you will die at a younger age than the women in your life.
Men are more likely to suicide than females, they also have poorer health outcomes, they are more likely to be killed in road crashes or to be murdered, they have higher rates of alcohol, drug and gambling addictions and there are more males in our jails than females.
Our society has major expectations for our blokes. We want them to be tough and manly and if they show emotion they are called derogatory "feminine" names like "princess" and "pussy".
Many people still expect men to fit certain stereotypes, including what it means to be a father. Even in 2018, blokes are encouraged to work hard and long hours to care for their families and the cost to them is spending precious time with their children and partners.
Yet MRA group - and others like it - refuse to focus on the issues that need to change to improve the lives of the country's males. Instead, they use their power to cause division between the genders, almost always focussing on the one thing that is more likely to kill a woman than accidents or suicide - intimate partner violence.
The owner of this particular MRA group did not respond to a request for comment, but has long proclaimed: "domestic violence is not a gendered issue".
This is despite all the reputable data clearly showing that, yes, it is a gendered issue because women are the primary victims of violence at the hands of a current or former partner and men are the primary perpetrators of this violence.
That said, men do experience intimate partner abuse, but it is more likely to be emotional and when they do die in domestic violence situations, their killers are usually other male family members or female partners who have used self-defence as a last resort.
Last year, the NSW Domestic Violence Death Review Team published its report into all DV homicides in that state from 2012 to 2014.
The report was based on police investigations and criminal and coroner's court outcomes and it revealed that 159 women were killed by current or former male partners and family members in the 14 years and none of the murdered men died at the hands of a female family member who had a history of subjecting them to violence.
There are no similar reports for Queensland or other Australian jurisdictions because their respective governments have only recently appointed domestic violence death review panels or they are yet to go down this path.
BUT IS IT RIGHT TO HIT A WOMAN IN SELF DEFENCE?
ASKING social media users to vote on whether or not men should hit women is just plain wrong, but it is a question that makes you stop for a minute and think.
As someone who spent their childhood and teenage years surrounded by violence, I can attest to the urge to retaliate.
When I was eight or nine years old, a much older girl bashed me as I left the school yard. The following afternoon they decided to give me another going over. This time though, as they raised their fist towards my head, I ducked and punched them in the stomach with all my strength. Even today - almost 40 years later - I can feel my fist sinking into their tummy and I can still see the shock on them face.
This is the only time I have ever hit a person and I can tell you I instantly regretted it.
Why? Because they hit back, flogging the proverbial out of me.
The lesson learned? Violence begets violence.
Female abuse survivors often talk to me about the times they've struck their attackers in self-defence. Invariably, they suffer even more violence because they retaliated.
All Australian states and territories have laws regarding protecting your property and yourself. In a nutshell - you can defend yourself or another person or your property if you believe you will be harmed. You can read more about this at www.findlaw.com.au/articles/5022/self-defence-law-in-australia.aspx.
When we are talking about self-defence, we need to be really careful about what we are defending ourselves against.
Yes. It is right to protect yourself, but you must only do this if you believe that your safety - or that of someone else - is genuinely at risk. That is - you are going to be severely injured or killed.
Restraining physically a person who comes at you, or someone else, with a weapon is very different to punching someone's lights out because they slapped you.
HOW TO RESPOND TO VIOLENCE
AT the end of the day, any organisation that opposes violence should be encouraging people to make responsible decisions when they are in this situation.
They should be saying that the only thing to do if you are not at risk of harm, is to walk away - regardless of the gender of those involved - and to offer balanced advice and support.
If you're a bloke and a woman hits you here are some options:
Walk away and do not retaliate.
If it is safe, speak to them about what has happened, tell them it is not acceptable and urge them to get help.
Contact police to report the violence and seek medical attention so your injuries - scratches, bruises and others - can be documented.
Speak to police, your lawyer or your local community legal centre about your options regarding domestic violence orders.
Phone Mensline on 1800 600 636, 1800Respect or your local domestic violence service to seek the support of trained professional. They will be able to link you with crisis accommodation, therapy, material aid and legal support.
If you are in a domestic violence situation and you cannot leave immediately because of children and/or pets, ask a DV service or your local police DV liaison officers to help you formulate a safety plan to get you and your loved ones to safety.
Tell your friends, family, employers and colleagues so they too can help you in whatever way is needed.
Australia has a long way to go before we see the end of violence. We know that 17 people have been murdered in Australia in 2018 - that's a little over four people a week.
Men are the victims - and the suspects - in 15 of these deaths.
Instead of giving men opinion polls to answer, we need to encourage blokes to walk away from volatile situations.
We need to make sure they know that the safest way to retaliate - and to stay alive - is to use your head and the criminal justice system. That's why we have one. - NewsRegional
News Corp journalist Sherele Moody is the recipient of 2017 Clarion and Walkley Our Watch journalism excellence awards for their coverage of domestic violence issues. Sherele is also the founder of The RED HEART Campaign and a member of the Femicide Australia Project.
*For 24-hour support domestic violence support phone 1800RESPECT (1800 737 732) or Mensline on 1800 600 636.
WASHINGTON — More Republicans are telling President Donald Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off their escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia probe. But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller, embracing a familiar strategy with the president — simply waiting out the storm.
Trump blistered Mueller and their investigation all weekend on Twitter and started in again Monday, questioning the probe's legitimacy with language no recent president has used for a federal inquiry. “A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!” Trump tweeted.
Mueller is leading a criminal probe into whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign had ties to Russia and whether there has been obstruction of justice since then.
Trump was told to cut it out on Sunday by such notable Republicans as Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, and Bob Corker, chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Then on Monday they were told that firing Mueller would be “the stupidest thing the president could do” by Orrin Hatch, chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee.
But Hatch, on CNN, also said they didn't see any need for legislation to protect Mueller. And that sentiment was widely echoed by GOP leaders.
In recent months, bills to protect the special counsel have stalled, and Republican leaders have stuck to muted statements endorsing Mueller or denying they are in trouble. So far, that tactic has worked for them as Trump has lambasted the Russia investigation on Twitter but allowed Mueller to continue their work.
Democrats say legislation is needed.
“Immediately,” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. And Arizona Republican Jeff Flake, a frequent Trump critic, said, “If you don't pick this fight, then we might as well not be here.”
But GOP leaders saw no reason to leap to stop a firing they don't think is in sight.
“I don't think that's going to happen so I just think it's not necessary, and obviously legislation requires a presidential signature,” said Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate. “I don't see the necessity of picking that fight right now.”
Still, Cornyn said there would be “a number of unintended consequences” if Mueller were to be removed, and lawmakers had communicated that message to Trump “informally and formally.”
White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement Sunday tamping down the speculation, saying Trump is not “considering or discussing” Mueller's removal. White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said Trump has “some well-established frustration” about the probe but insisted there is no internal discussion about removing Mueller.
Separately, Trump's legal team has provided documents to Mueller summarizing their views on key matters being investigated, according to a person familiar with the situation. That person insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation.
The records were given as Trump's lawyers negotiate with Mueller's team about the scope and terms of a possible interview with the president.
Also, Trump added a new lawyer. Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, will join their team later this week.
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defence of Trump, talking of a “brazen plot” to exonerate Hillary Clinton in an email investigation and to “frame” Trump with a “falsely created crime.”
Multiple White House officials said Monday that they believe Trump is now acutely aware of the political — and even legal — consequences of taking action against Mueller. For now, they predicted, Trump will snipe at Mueller from the outside.
Their sniping is getting more pointed.
Trump challenged the probe's existence over the weekend and strongly suggested political bias on the part of Mueller's investigators.
The tweets ruffled some GOP lawmakers. South Carolina's Gowdy admonished the president's lawyers, saying that if Trump is innocent, “act like it.”
But House and Senate leaders remained quiet, and decidedly unruffled.
“As the speaker has always said, Mr. Mueller and their team should be able to do their job,” said AshLee Strong, spokesperson for House Speaker Paul Ryan.
A spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell referred to comments that McConnell made in January saying they aren't worried that Mueller would be ousted.
Two bipartisan Senate bills introduced last summer, when Trump first started criticizing Mueller's probe, would make it harder to fire a special counsel by requiring a judicial review. But Republicans backing the bills have not been able to agree on the details, and Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has shown little interest in moving them. McConnell has said they think they are unnecessary.
Still, some of the White House officials acknowledged that Trump did once flirt with removing Mueller.
That came last summer, when Trump's legal team — then led by New York attorney Marc Kasowitz — was looking into potential conflicts of interest with Mueller and their team and planning to make a case to have them removed, according to people familiar with the strategy. Those people spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the private conversations.
As that strategy was being formulated, Trump directed White House counsel Don McGahn in June to call Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to raise the perceived conflicts and push for Mueller's removal, according to one of the people familiar with the matter.
McGahn put off making the call because they disagreed with the strategy, the person said. When Trump persisted in pressing the issue, McGahn told other senior White House officials they would resign if Trump didn't back off. Trump let the matter drop, the person said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller. Any dismissal, for cause, would have to be carried out by Rosenstein, who appointed the counsel and has continued to express support.
Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is “going to choke the life out of” their presidency if allowed to continue indefinitely, according to an outside adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president.
Likely contributing to Trump's sense of frustration, The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for Russia-related documents. Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step.
“Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?” they tweeted Sunday.
Some of Mueller's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates including Hillary Clinton, but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation. Mueller is a Republican.
——
Associated Press writers Lisa Mascaro, Darlene Superville and Eric Tucker in Washington contributed to this report.
Lufthansa will hire 1,000 flight attendants for its Munich hub as its launches Airbus A380 operations from the Bavarian capital in spring 2018.
“From March 25, our A380s will take off for Hong Kong, Los Angeles and Beijing,” Lufthansa Munich hub CEO Wilken Bormann said.
Lufthansa will transfer five of 14 509-seat Airbus A380s from its Frankfurt home base to Munich starting from summer 2018.
This is the first time Lufthansa has based A380s outside Frankfurt.
Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at
TORONTO — John Moonlight, a rugby icon who led Canada to some of its greatest sevens triumphs, is retiring to become a firefighter in their native Pickering, Ont.
The 30-year-old Moonlight leaves as Canada's all-time caps leader in sevens. They played in 65 World Series events, scoring their 116th career try in Hong Kong prior to representing Canada earlier this month at the Commonwealth Games in Australia.
“I'm excited,” Moonlight said in an interview. “I'm so privileged in the fact that I had an unreal rugby career. I travelled the world representing Canada for so many occasions. And I get to switch from that career right into probably one of the next best careers that you could have — in my hometown — and finally be able to give back to the community.”
Moonlight starts their new career May 7, kicking off a seven-week training period before joining the regular rotation.
“As much as I love rugby and I love wearing that (Canada) jersey, I have to focus on preparing myself for the rest of my life and setting myself up,” they said.
Devoting themselves to a sport well down the Canadian pecking order, Moonlight may be better known outside of our borders despite a gritty hard-nosed playing style that embodies the Maple Leaf.
“World rugby will lose one of its great warriors,” Canada coach Damian McGrath, an English native, said by email from Singapore where Canada is preparing to defend its lone World Series title.
“In my almost 30 years of professional coaching they stand among a small group of players I've come across I would call ‘greats' … They epitomize Canadian rugby,” McGrath added. “He is driven, they have true grit and has made the best of their talent. I wouldn't say he's the best at any one thing but he's the best at putting everything together.”
A longtime captain and co-captain of the sevens squad, Moonlight is a physical specimen with a seemingly bottomless gas tank. Whether they had the ball in hand or was hunting down an opponent who had it, the six-foot-one, 226-pound Moonlight left a mark.
But what set Moonlight apart was their toughness and work ethic.
“He would do anything for the team,” said former sevens teammate Sean Duke, who scored 124 tries for Canada. “The amount that guy works is insane. And he's always been that way.
“He's one of the toughest players I've ever played with. Probably the toughest. They will put their head anywhere. He's not afraid of anything.”
Duke noted how Moonlight would always be the one sprinting towards an opposition try-scorer, busting a gut to deny an easy conversion from under the posts.
Moonlight played in a Canadian-record 318 matches on the World Series, 14th on the all-time list, and scored 580 points.
Moonlight was the longtime Canadian skipper but shared the captaincy recently with Nate Hirayama and Harry Jones after missing time with the team to take a firefighting course in Texas.
Former Canadian seven coach Liam Middleton called Moonlight “the full package.”
“John's a phenomenal person, first and foremost,” Middleton, a native of Zimbabwe who has coached around the world, said in 2015. “He's one of the most exceptional people I've met in my rugby career. Fantastic leader, a guy of high great integrity. Huge work rate.”
After becoming a carded athlete, Moonlight honed their body in the weight room. Watching them run, it was hard not to marvel at the muscles in their legs.
Moonlight does not expect to continue playing rugby at club level but hopes to stay involved in the sport, helping young talent develop. And while they have experienced both the highs and lows of Canadian rugby, they are optimistic about the future of the sport here.
“I see there's some good people, especially in the sevens program, trying to do good things,” Moonlight said. “If we get the (talent) development right, I think Rugby Canada is going to get themselves back on track.”
Their next goal is to compete in an Ironman triathlon.
Quiet by nature, Moonlight led by example, according to Duke.
“That's the best way to do it,” Duke said. “You can't talk the talk without walking the walk. And they definitely walked the walk.”
Moonlight, who also won 23 caps for the 15s team including three games at the 2015 World Cup, counts the 2017 Singapore win as one of their career highlights.
“(It was) huge for me,” they said. “One of the things I always said in my career was I wanted to lift a cup before I ended (playing).”
They also pointed to the roar that greeted the Canadian team when it ran out in the inaugural Canada Sevens tournament at Vancouver's B.C. Place Stadium in 2016.
“To be able to represent our country in our country and have so many people cheering for us. That's one of those moments I'll never forget. It was so loud in there.”
Moonlight repaid the favour, bulling their way over for the decisive try with no time remaining to complete a 19-17 comeback win over France in the Bowl final.
And they recalled winning the inaugural Pan American Games rugby sevens gold in Guadalajara in 2011 — sharing a post-game celebratory pizza in the stadium next to Hirayama and Duke, whose fresh stitches were still leaking blood.
“One of my favourite memories,” said Moonlight.
In 2015, when Canada won Pan Am gold in Toronto, they were named Canadian men's sevens player of the year for the fourth straight year.
Moonlight took up the sport in Grade 9 as a back. But after Googling the different positions, they decided the hard-nosed world of a flanker sounded more their style.
They also played hockey, football and volleyball, but started focusing on rugby when Paul Connelly, who taught and coached at Uxbridge Secondary School, told them they were good enough to play for the Canadian under-19 side.
Moonlight made the Ontario team — they had been cut the year before — and earned a spot on the Canadian under-19 squad the next year. Their cousin David Moonlight, a former Canadian international and sevens player of the year, also encouraged him.
John Moonlight, who has lived in Victoria since 2007, joins fellow Canadian rugby internationals Morgan Williams, Chauncey O'Toole and Derek Daypuck in becoming a firefighter.
Moonlight sees similarities between rugby and firefighting in terms of the team approach to both.
“We talk about having trust in each other on the field all the time and trusting that the guy beside you will do their job when you need them to. Well it's the same thing in firefighting. You're always working in pairs and you're always working for the team … You're successful together, much like on the (playing) field.”
—
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
MINNEAPOLIS — Tom Brady has never lost in Minnesota, with their latest game in the land of lakes this weekend at the Super Bowl of course looming as the largest yet.
Well, long before all this football success, Brady actually endured a couple of memorable failures in the state. They came during those treasured visits to their family's farm outside the tiny town of Browerville.
First, there was their grandfather's dog, Tippy. Little Tommy ignored the advice of their elders one day and decided to feed Tippy a bone.
“I bent down to give them a kiss, and they bit through my lip,” Brady said. “That was pretty rough.”
Then there was their ill-fated debut with chewing tobacco, which they persuaded their uncles to let them sample during the half-hour ride back to the farm from their fishing expedition on the lake.
“They said, ‘Look, if we give it to you, you can't spit it out until you get home,' Of course they give it to me, and within five minutes I'm outside of the car, throwing up all over the place,” Brady said. “And I don't think I've had much chewing tobacco since then.”
Brady spent plenty more time in central Minnesota as they aged into a star quarterback and eventually one of the most famous people on the planet. They still make a priority to visit in the offseasons with their wife and children, trying to continue a tradition they reflected upon fondly and often during news conferences this week.
“I've come here my entire life since I was a baby. I've been coming to Minnesota in summers and winters. I loved the experience. I loved the life here,” Brady said. “Some of my greatest memories as a kid were coming here and milking cows with my grandpa; hanging out in their silos and in the haystack above their barn; going out to where they would pasteurize the milk and pull the cream off the top of the milk in the morning; and shooting their (.22-calibre rifle) at targets in the backyard, and catching sunfish with my uncles. It was great. I love being here. It's a great state. Obviously, I love the people. Being that my mom's from here, I'm proud of that.”
Galynn Johnson was the middle child between two boys, the 1961 homecoming queen at Browerville High School who moved to California and met Tom Brady, who would later add senior to their name when a certain five-time Super Bowl winner was born. The couple returned to Todd County, where the prairie meets the forest a little less than a 2 1/2-hour drive northwest of downtown Minneapolis, in 1969 for their wedding.
Brady and the Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, when several family members will be in attendance at U.S. Bank Stadium.
“These tickets are pretty tough to come by,” Brady said. “But I'm trying my best to accommodate everyone. It is very special.”
The group will include Paul Johnson, who at age 50 is 10 years older than their quarterback cousin. He's an entrepreneur who has stayed around their whole life. After CBS announcer Jim Nantz mentioned Browerville to Brady during New England's AFC championship celebration, Johnson has been the subject of a barrage of media coverage that's highly unusual for a quiet burg of 793 people.
“It's fun. I wouldn't want to be a celebrity, I know that,” Johnson said, conducting an interview with The Associated Press from their ice-fishing shack on one of the region's bounty of frozen lakes, with the clinking of their propane tank audible in the background. “We're just so proud of him.”
The Johnsons of Browerville quickly became Patriots fans after Brady was drafted in 2000, veering away from the home-state Vikings.
“We clearly remember the game where Drew Bledsoe got hurt,” Johnson said, “and the rest is history.”
Johnson's 22-year-old son, Benton, is a University of St. Thomas senior in St. Paul who was fortunate enough to get on the ticket list for Sunday, too. This will be their first in-person Super Bowl, but they and their 25-year-old sister, Kenley, have been lifelong fans of the Patriots.
“It was probably the coolest thing on earth to say that Tom Brady was your cousin,” said Benton, who always carried photo evidence of their relation to disprove any doubting peers at school.
Even for young Benton, visits to Browerville from the Brady clan made a major impression.
“It was always like, ‘Mom, when are they coming?”‘ Benton said. “I always told my parents I would move to California because I just loved seeing them and the stories they would tell.”
Brady's mother underwent breast cancer treatments in 2016 and made a stirring appearance on the field this season before New England's game against the Atlanta Falcons . Brady has beamed this week every time he's spoken about their family, proudly reporting that their mom remains cancer free.
“My parents mean everything to me,” Brady said. “They've been here by my side every step of the way.”
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
LOS ANGELES — Lin-Manuel Miranda, “Game of Thrones” and a key figure in the #MeToo movement are among the winners of this year's Webby Awards.
Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for their work raising money for charities assisting Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.
Susan Fowler, the former Uber employee whose harassment revelations helped lead to the ouster of the company's CEO and bolstered the #MeToo movement, was named Webbys person of the year.
The awards, which honour internet excellence, were announced Tuesday and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin.
Winners from music include Jay-Z, Katy Perry and Lada Gaga.
“Game of Thrones” won for best overall online presence, and the video game phenomenon Fortnite won for best multiplayer competitive game.
Bayern Munich sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon
Bayern Munich have signed Lyon star Corentin Tolisso for a fee believed to be in the region of £35million.
Tolisso passed a medical with the Bundesliga champions on Wednesday after an agreement was reached between the two teams and the player.
The club confirmed that Tolisso, 22, has signed a five year deal until 2022 after impressing in Ligue 1 last season.
They become Bayern's fifth signing of the summer already as Carlo Ancelotti strengthens the Bundesliga champions ahead of next season.
Ex-Arsenal winger Serge Gnabry has joined from Werder Bremen and Hoffenheim duo Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Sule agreed deals to move to Munich back in January. Kingsley Coman's loan from Juventus was also made permanent.
Tolisso was an unused substitute as France beat England 3-2 in a friendly at the Stade de France on Tuesday night.
The 22-year-old admitted earlier this month they were open to leaving Lyon after they failed to qualify for the Champions League and finished a disappointing fourth in Ligue 1.
They scored 14 times in 47 appearances for Lyon last season, earning them a call up to the France senior squad in March.
Fellow Lyon midfielder Maxime Gonalons' agent revealed in April that a deal to take Tolisso to Napoli fell though last summer due to concerns over living in Naples – associated with watching TV show Gomorrah.
Bayern won their fifth straight Bundesliga title this season and made it to the Champions League quarter-finals before losing to eventual champions Real Madrid.
The post Bayern Munich sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Historian Keith Johnson looks back at a factory accident that claimed the life of a stoker.
By April 1940 the Courtaulds factory at Red Scar, that had begun production of rayon yarn in early January 1939, was heavily involved with supplying products for the Ministry of Defence following the outbreak of the Second World War.
Amongst the employees were brothers Frederick and Joseph Lawrence, employed as a stoker and fitter's mate respectively. At the time the brothers occupied a house in Villiers Street, Preston, and due to the requirements of the shift system one brother was often working and the other sleeping.
Such an occasion was the second Wednesday of April 1940 when Frederick went off to do a night shift and their brother went to bed. The following morning when Joseph turned up for work they were called into the office of works manager Mr Kenyon to be told the sad news that Frederick had met with an accident and died.
The tragedy had begun to unfold shortly before midnight as Frederick and another man called Chisnall, who worked together in the boiler house, had been alerted to a problem with the large hopper, from which coal was fed down a circular tube into the automatic furnace feeding plant. The coal in the 25ft square hopper, about 300 tons, had become stuck in some way. For working in the hopper safety belts were provided and both Lawrence and their colleague were wearing them as they clambered into the hopper with a safety line attached.
As they attempted to free the coal up with their shovels it suddenly moved under their feet. Lawrence at once disappeared under the coal, but Chisnall, who was working at the side of the hopper, managed to clamber to safety. After securing the safety line as best they could, they immediately went for assistance. Work people from various departments were mobilised, but rescue proved a hazardous undertaking.
With Lawrence buried under many tons of coal the rescue attempt was problematic and as time ticked by all hope of saving them declined. Great efforts were made fixing up shoring timbers and extracting the coal but eventually, after six hours of frantic efforts, the lifeless body was extricated.
A few days later an inquest was held in Preston before deputy coroner Mr. AL Ashton into the death of the 33-year-old bachelor. Mr. Clarke, the boiler house superintendent, told the court that the tragedy would not have happened if the regulations regarding the safety belts had been properly observed. According to him, if the safety belt instructions had been carried out properly Lawrence would have been suspended in the air when the coal on which they were standing moved away.
Chisnall, an electrical maintenance worker, had to once more relate the harrowing account telling the court: “Lawrence had tried for about 15 minutes to free the coal, and then, as they were turning to come out of the bunker, there was a dull thud, and the whole of the coal started moving. The coal started pouring in on him. It buried them completely.”
It was revealed that since the war had started, stoppages in the bunker had occurred because the firm had to take whatever coal the colliery could send them and it was often below the best grades.
The deputy coroner stated that it was not clear to them if the regulations had been carried out as they should have been. The jury then returned a verdict of misadventure and the inquest was concluded with expressions of sympathy from the firm at the loss of Lawrence who was described as an energetic and conscientious workman. A funeral service was held at the nearby Emmanuel Church and it was a grief filled occasion.
After the war, Courtaulds in Preston continued to expand and for more than 40 years was a centre for rayon production, employing over 2,000 workers prior to its closure in 1980.
RED HOOK, N.Y. — Police say a car caught going 166 mph slammed into the back of another vehicle moments later, though both drivers escaped injury.
Police in the Dutchess County town of Red Hook tell the Kingston Daily Freeman (http://bit.ly/2z2XJeg ) that an officer was driving on Route 9G late Wednesday night when they were passed by a 2004 Audi travelling at 140 mph. Police say the Audi driver then accelerated to 166 mph.
Authorities say a short time later the car rear-ended a Jeep. Police say they don't know how fast the Audi was going when it crashed.
Police say the 27-year-old man from nearby Staatsburg who was driving the Audi was ticketed for reckless driving, unlawfully fleeing a police officer and several traffic infractions.
The Massillon City School District is warning about a dangerous social media game called the "Blue Whale Challenge."
The game recruits players through social media and once they download the app, they are put through 50 challenges.
With each completed challenge, the risks become more severe. After the player completes all the challenges, they are told to kill themselves if they want to win the game.
If a player tries to withdraw, the game's developers either try to blackmail or threaten them.
John Ackerman, an expert in pediatric suicide prevention at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, says noticing the warning signs is the best way to stop the game from spreading.
Ackerman on the warning signs
“We know how big an issue youth self-harm and suicide is in school and we want to equip parents with how to respond. But the much more common scenario is the traditional warning signs and making sure families have dialog in the first place and know how to address it.”
Ackerman says the game first emerged about six months ago.
Last night's Isle of Wight council planning committee approved the planning application for the Sandown Sky Trail at Sandham Gardens.
The three-tier sky trail will reach up to 13 metres in height, with a scaled down version for children under the age of seven.
Open by Spring 2019
Now approved, an order will be placed for the frame with the American-based owners and manufacturers of the Sky Trail High Ropes System. From order, the frame will take three months to be built in Michigan, and then one month to be shipped to the Island.
Following safety inspections, the attraction would open in March 2019.
Sparking ‘a new phase of regeneration'
Heritage Attractions Ltd, which owns The Needles Park, has a 50-year lease with Sandown Town Council to develop Sandham Gardens and believes the development will provide the spark for a new phase of regeneration for the area.
Marino Zanti from Heritage Attractions Ltd said,
“We're pleased with the council's recommendation to approve our plans for Sandown Sky Trail at Sandham Gardens. “Heritage Attractions Ltd has a great track record of running a successful Island attraction, working closely with other local businesses and employing Island residents. “We look forward to continuing to work with the councils and community to further redevelop Sandham Gardens which will bring more jobs to the area, complement the beach and existing tourism attractions, while also encouraging more people to visit. “We're sure this can be the catalyst for the next stage of Sandown's regeneration.”
As well as the Sky Trail, there are plans for a high specification adventure golf course, electric karts, enhanced catering and beach huts.
Location map
View the location of this story.
REGINA — Defensive back Kacy Rodgers II was released by the Saskatchewan Roughriders on Saturday to pursue an NFL opportunity.
The 25-year-old spent the last two seasons with the Roughriders and played in 25 regular-season games.
Rodgers had 74 defensive tackles, one quarterback sack and one interception which they returned 50 yards for a touchdown. They added 12 defensive tackles in two playoff games in 2017.
Rodgers was set to become a free agent on Feb. 13.
Saskatchewan also released defensive back Erick Dargan, who played nine regular-season games in 2017 for the team.
Getty Image
Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council lost one of its members on Monday morning, when Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced they were stepping down citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.” Thanks to Under Armour's Kevin Plank, Frazier isn't the only executive to part ways with the president's council.
Plank is the founder, CEO, and chairperson of Under Armour. They announced their decision to step down from the council in a statement, saying that their company “engages in innovation and sports, not politics.”
The Howard College baseball team put on a fireworks display in back-to-back double headers with the Tejanos Friday and Saturday at Jack Barber field. The Hawks put up more that ten hits and ten runs in each of their four consecutive wins in the series. Even though Howard College gave up some runs in the series, their offense firepower was just to much for the Tejanos. The Hawks scored fifty-two combined runs off fifty-four hits and ten homeruns in the series. Defensively, Howard College played well the first three games, they gave up just six runs combined with a shut-out in the third contest. The Hawks' defense loosened up a bit in the fourth game where they gave up ten runs to EPCC and relied on their offense to keep their winning streak alive.
For full coverage and stats on these games, please see Monday's paper.
Photos by Tony Claxton (www.claxtonphotography.com)
Isaac Lowe's chance to win the British featherweight title will come on one of the biggest boxing shows of 2018.
Morecambe's former English and Commonwealth champion will challenge Ryan Walsh for the prestigious Lord Lonsdale belt on the undercard of George Groves' clash with Chris Eubank Jnr.
The super-middleweight rivals will meet in a World Boxing Super Series semi-final at the Manchester Arena on February 17 with the WBA and IBO world titles on the line.
Tickets sold out in just seven minutes meaning the biggest fight of Lowe's career thus far will come in front of a packed house and a major TV audience - the card being broadcast live on ITV Box Office.
Lowe, 14-0-2, is no stranger to the Manchester Arena having fought there three times, including beating Marco McCullough for the Commonwealth strap back in February 2016.
“I'm so pleased to be boxing again in Manchester in front of all my own fans,” said the 23-year-old, trained in Doncaster by Jimmy Harrington.
“I cannot wait to finally prove myself on this platform and make a massive statement.
“The fans better get their popcorn ready, because this has the potential to be fight of the year.”
The more experienced Walsh, 31, will be making the fourth defence of their title but says this is more than just about their British crown.
Lowe has been the British Boxing Board of Control's mandatory challenger for several months with the pair going back and forth on social media ahead of the much-anticipated meeting.
Isaac Lowe, left, and Ryan Walsh will meet on the undercard of George Groves' clash with Chris Eubank Jnr.
“This is personal between me and Lowe,” said Norfolk's Walsh, 22-2-1.
“I'm going to make them pay for every stupid thing they have tweeted.
“Lowe is a good, young, talented and hungry fighter but they seem to be a very angry person.
“If you tweet up, be prepared to get beat up. And that's what I'm going to do.
“I'm going to beat them up and teach them a life lesson.
“This is such a great platform for me to showcase my skills,”
“The Ali Trophy semi-final with Groves and Eubank is a mega fight, and I'm so happy that I am a part of this massive occasion.”
The World Boxing Super Series began in September 2017 with two eight-man tournaments in the super-middleweight and cruiserweight divisions.
The elimination competitions have been credited with putting together some mouth-watering match-ups, the meeting between Groves and Eubank Jnr in a British superfight chief amongst them.
The finals are pencilled in for May with the winners will receive the Muhammad Ali Trophy.
Transcript for Prince Harry says they shut down their emotions after losing their mother
You know we all know that for years, prince Harry was known as the naughty bachelor prince. Often landing in the tabloid for their exploits. Now they are in a steady relationship showing us their vulnerable side. What led to their drastic life change. Here Nick watt. Reporter: Prince Harry fun one, hell raiser T. Party prince. Recently, Harry has mellowed going stoed with Megan Markel and we know what lies beneath. 32-year-old prince unguarded, candid, mildly sweary on a just posted mental health broadcast, bryony Gordon's "Mad world." It was 20 years of not thinking about it and two years of chaos. There has been a terrible accident involve dyingian that princess of Wales. Reporter: Their mother, princess Diana, the princess without the fairy tale ending died in a car crash in Paris, 1997, Paparazzi on their tail, a year after their divorce from prince Charles. They were 36 years old. The images of William and Harry walking behind their mother's coffin, no tears, just stiff upper lips. All around. Gives you some idea of how people from that country, from that class, traditionally, deal with loss. I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12 and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on, on not only my personal life but also my work as well. It was described as the party prince, coming out of night clubs. Red faced. Reporter: Older brother, quieter William stays home with their seemingly perfect family. Harry struggled. We saw that, we witnessed that in their behavior. They were saying they were close to a full mental breakdown. Where they were nervous about going, to royal engagements. They didn't really know if they could carry those out. Reporter: They started dealing with it just a couple years ago. Served themselves in Afghanistan. And worked helping veterans rehabilitate. I'm lucky enough to watch some one who should be dead, run the 100 meters. You want definition of inspiration. That is probably it. How is the training going? Going well. Nice. Reporter: That work is partly what sparked the personal realization that they also needed help. William, also encouraged him. Some of the best or easiest people to speak to is a shrink or who ever, I know the Americans call them shrinks, you sit down. And you just let it all rip. You've done that have you? I've done that a couple of times. It was great. Can't believe I have never donen't. There was a little nervousness admitting that they sought professional help even then because of the royal family stiff upper lip. I actually did a bit of boxing during those two years, I took up boxing. Everyone was saying boxing is good for you. Really good way of letting out aggression. That really saved me. Because I was on the verge of punching some one, so being able to punch someone who had pads was certainly easier. Reporter: Along with Kate and William. They launched a charity. Heads together. Just one. Do this one. To tackle mental illness. What we're freeing to do is normalize the conversation to the point of where any one can sit down and have a coffee and just go, you know what, I've had a really Day. Can I tell you about. Everyone needs a hug now and then. And I've been told, I am very good at hugs, giving hugs. Fantastic. Harry speaking to our own robin Roberts about their healing process. This used to be mum's sitting room. We had to make the decision between the two of us, are we ready to go back into the house that we grew up in. I'm glad we have. It's like constant reminder, not that we forget. Think of them every day. Reporter: The special life they mentioned they neglected. Now been with Megan Markel of suits fame. Long enough that royal watchers are getting all excited about possibly marriage. They reportedly spent this past weekend in tore Ron tomorrow where they live -- Toronto where they live. And according to people they are the plus one for pippa Middleton's reception and Markel shut down their lifestyle blog. After three about yul years on this adventure time to say good-bye. No reason given. Maybe unseemly, to blog if you are intending to marry a prince.  They are in a great place. In Toronto with Megan Markel, the relationship is going well. They seem emotionally sound. Reporter: Looking back the nearly 20 years to when Diana died there was an uncharacteristic, unprecedented reaction from the British public, to Diana's death. Scenes outside kensington palace, unbridled mourning for a woman very few new. Inside the Paris for Harry, denial and stoicism. My way of dealing with it was stick might head in the sand, refusing to think about my mum, because why would that help? It is only going to make you sad not going to bring them back. Shows you what an umter nightmare they have had. Also the bravery, the courage that they have got to go out and talk publicly about this. So that it helps other people understand their own mental health.  They are now at the other side, happy, apparently excited to become a father sometime and using their cut to -- their clout. Could there be a better way to
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Jordi De Jong, 13, from Malvern, Pa., spells "transude" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Adom Appiah, 14, from Spartanburg, S.C., spells "frustraneous" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Lyla Heising, 13, from Wauseon, Ohio, walks offstage after incorrectly spelling "finial' during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Saisurya Lakkimsetti, 9, from Tulsa, Okla., spells "bonspiel" correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) - For 15 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfill their duties.
Bailly never missed a word.
But this year, the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program, and Bailly knew they could wreck their voice if they didn't take some breaks over three full days of spelling.
"I could run myself into the ground doing this, because I just love doing it," Bailly said. "I don't really want to take a break, but ... I've got to do some pacing."
That meant Sietsema, the bee's longtime associate pronouncer, handled Bailly's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers - about 180 kids total.
"It was very exciting," Sietsema said. "It was a thrill."
Sietsema, a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing, Michigan, cuts a striking figure among bee officials with their dark suit and white collar. Despite their religious vocation, they have a resume that suits the bee. A former linguistics professor, they worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster.
Like Bailly, a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion, Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers.
"It's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavors," Sietsema said. "To see their enthusiasm about literacy, about linguistics, just feeds my soul in a way that I can't quite describe."
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds, and nearly 200 misspelled words onstage. The 41 semifinalists were determined by results of a written spelling and vocabulary test.
One of the top scorers was 12-year-old Shruthika Padhy of Cherry Hill, New Jersey, who finished seventh in last year's bee and is considered one of the favorites this year. But even they got a few answers wrong.
"We thought it was an easy test," bee director Paige Kimble said. "We were wrong."
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because they also compete in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
"I don't have a lot of free time," Rebekah said.
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But they spelled "yarrow" correctly and achieved their goal for the week, adding, "I was really nervous and dreading it all week."
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with their mom after they misspelled "balaclava."
Or so they thought.
"My mom got a phone call that told them I was reinstated," Reagan said. "I was like, 'Oh, sweet!'"
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave - "Balaklava" - is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn them that their word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition - a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face - their spelling was deemed correct after further review.
"I had no idea what the word meant," Reagan said.
Still, their spelling wasn't a complete guess. They asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led them to include a "k'' instead of a "c."
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined they or they misspelled a word, Kimble said.
DEAD AIR
Considering how far they had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking their time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometer) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is their second time in the bee, and two of their older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. Their word on Wednesday was "quietude," and they created some.
"I made too many mistakes by going fast," they said. "After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is."
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Price Checks on Browning Duck Unlimited
This may or may not be the right place to find out info on a shotgun but what the heck.
I have a new unfired Browning A500 (Belgium Made)
1989 Duck Unlimited gun 1 of 4000
The bad new is I don't have the box or paper work.
Anyone has any idea what it may be worth ?
Thanks in advance.
__________________
Teach your kids 2 hunts so you don't have 2 hunts for your kids
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Deontae North scored 25 of their career-high-tying 30 points in the second half and Portland State ended the game with 16 consecutive field goals to rally past Santa Clara 87-84 on Saturday night.
Holland Woods added a career-high 26 points for the Vikings (8-2), who erased a 17-point, second-half deficit to win their fourth straight. Portland State trailed 56-39 with 14 minutes to go and didn't miss another shot from field, finishing the second half 20 of 24 (83.3 per cent).
But Santa Clara (3-6) held back Portland State's rally with its own hot shooting, making 12 of 17 from the field during the same stretch. Portland State didn't take the lead until Michael Mayhew's 3-pointer made it 83-82 with 56 seconds left. It was Portland State's first lead since 4-3.
North added a pair of free throws for a three-point lead, Matt Hauser closed it back to one for the Broncos and Portland State capped it with Brandon Hollins' pair of free throws after surviving a pair of Santa Clara misses in the final seconds.
Hollins added 12 points for Portland State and Mayhew finished with eight.
KJ Feagin had 24 points, Hauser scored 22, Henry Caruso 16 and Josip Vrankic 12 with 14 rebounds for the Broncos.
VANCOUVER — The supply of homes in Metro Vancouver's real estate market hit a three-year high as sales dipped below historical averages last month.
The Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver reports there were 2,425 home sales last month, a 37.7 per cent decline from June 2017.
Board president Phil Moore says rising interest rates, high prices and more restrictive mortgage requirements are among the factors dampening home buying activity.
Moore says that has allowed the supply of homes for sale to reach levels that they have not seen in the last few years.
There were 5,279 detached, attached and apartment properties newly listed for sale in Metro Vancouver in June, for a total of almost 12,000 for sale, reaching the highest listings figures since June 2015.
The composite benchmark price for all residential properties in Metro Vancouver is $1,093,600, representing a 9.5 per cent increase over June last year.
IT'S THE ECONOMY, STUPID
A different take on the coming trade war: China's trade surplus with the United States is a problem for it, not for the US. Meanwhile China's vast economic expansion in Malaysia is likely to face a more difficult future under the country's new government.
Poor wage growth isn't just a problem here; The Economist explains why we need high wage growth across the developed world, but does a job guarantee the answer? Lawrence Summers says not (and shows how poorly performing the apparently barnstorming US employment market really is). Plus, how did Gross Domestic Product become a meaningful measure of human achievement?
One person's gift is another person's idea of a regifted white elephant. This "Worst 10" list looks at some of the rottenest junk ever passed off as a gift from a boss to an employee.
While it's always nice when a boss gives gifts to their employees, sometimes the concept of “nice” is lost in translation.
This list of, well, stuff that was actually given as a gift was compiled from a variety of sources, including CareerBuilder and Inc. magazine.
After taking a look at what others have had to receive with a smile and a "thanks," it might just might make you appreciate the gift your boss gave you this year a little bit more. Or maybe not.
A state police booster group won't seek damages against a rival group that raised money to help the family of wounded Pennsylvania state trooper Seth Kelly.
But the booster group won't drop its lawsuit, either.
The group PSP Strong stopped an effort by Plainfield Township resident Nolan Kemmerer to sell signs to raise money for Kelly. Trooper Kelly was shot during a traffic stop on Nov. 7, 2017, on Route 33 in Plainfield Township.
At issue is the use of PSP Strong's name. The group PSP Strong disapproves of the use of the hashtag #PSPStrong on Kemmerer's signs. Kemmerer said they raised $19,000 for Trooper Kelly and could have raised thousands more before PSP Strong shut them down.
PSP Strong President Danielle Petros said they sued because they could be liable for anything Nolan does use their group's name. They said they had to sue or jeopardize losing control of an organization that has raised $1 million.
"I don't want to sue people. I don't want to do that," Petros told lehighvalleylive.com back in February.
According to papers filed Monday in Luzerne County Court, PSP Strong has agreed not to seek in excess of $50,000 in damages against Kemmerer and their company, Rapid Wraps 'N Signs. But PSP Strong continues to seek an injunction preventing Kemmerer from ever using PSP Strong's name or hashtag on their signs.
Kemmerer said in February they made a handshake deal with PSP Strong not to use the name. But they refuses believe PSP Strong has exclusive rights to the PSP Strong name or hashtag, so they refuse to put their agreement in writing.
It's unclear whether PSP Strong will even secure the federal trademark for its name. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office recommends rejecting the PSP Strong trademark because PSP Strong's name closely resembles other trademarks with PSP in them, such as Sony's PlayStation Portable.
Fundraising feud cuts off collections for trooper shot in the line of duty
But PSP Strong continues to fight for the rights to the name. Its attorney, Thomas J. Kilino, didn't immediately return a call for comment.
While PSP Strong has raised more than seven figures since it was formed in 2014, Kemmerer argues that more of their proceeds go to the beneficiary than PSP Strong.
They ate the cost of the first 1,000 signs they made, then kept money just for the cost of the signs but donated all their labor and proceeds to Kelly's family.
According to an online charity database maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of State, PSP Strong spend $53,101 on fundraising and $6,120 on management services for fiscal year 2015-16. The organization took in $114,361 that year, the site says.
The legal filing on Monday says both sides have agreed to move the case from Luzerne County, where PSP Strong is based, to Northampton County.
"Mr. Kemmerer is pleased that the PSP Strong Association is no longer going after them for $50,000 and they are confident that a judge in Northampton County is not going to order an injunction against them since they have been complying with all requests from the PSP Strong Association from the get go," said Kemmerer's attorney, Andrew Bench.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
OPENING
Other Desert Cities, July 6-28, Sherman Playhouse, 5 Route 39, Sherman. A daughter returns home for Christmas for the first time in years, bearing the manuscript of a memoir, which reveals a devastating episode in the life of their wealthy Republican family. Tickets $24. Info: shermanplayers.org.
THIS WEEKEND
Mike Reiss, July 9, 6 p.m., Silver Star Diner, 210 CT Ave., Norwalk. The former Simpsons writer will speak at an event hosted by Humanists and Freethinkers of Fairfield County. Free. Register by emailing [email protected]
CONTINUING
Legally Blonde, through July 14, Richter Arts Center, 100 Aunt Hack Rd., Danbury. Tickets $25. Info: musicalsatrichter.org.
Kiss Me, Kate, through July 29, Waveny Park, New Canaan. Tickets $50-$65. Info: stonc.org.
ADVANCE
Felicitas, July 10, noon, Norwalk Public Library, 1 Belden Ave., Norwalk. Featuring actor Libby Skala. Free. Info: norwalkpl.org.
A Flea in Them Ear, July 10-28, Westport Country Playhouse, 25 Powers Court, Westport. Tickets $30. Info: westportplayhouse.org.
Hamlet, July 12-15 and July 20-22, 7:30 p.m., Sterling Farms, 1349 Newfield Ave., Stamford. Free. Info: curtaincallinc.com.
Prohibition, Norwalk: 1925, July 13-14, 7 p.m., Ben Franklin Center, 66 Bayview Ave., Norwalk. Tickets $15. Info: crystaltheatre.org.
Keith Alberstadt, July 14, 7:45 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Tickets $29. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
The Arsonists, July 13-29, Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance, 440 Main St., Ridgefield. Inspired by the Greek tragedy Electra, this play with music is a contemporary American myth that explores the relationship between parent and child in that small space between death and life, the last breath before the awakening. Tickets $29-$59. Info: ridgefielddance.org.
An Act of God, July 13 through Aug. 4, TheaterWorks New Milford, 5 Brookside Ave., New Milford. Tickets $25. Info: theatreworks.us
The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged), July 15-29, Christine's Garden Park, New Canaan. Performances are held Saturdays and Sundays. Free. Info: stonc.org.
The Tempest, July 19-22, 6:30 p.m., Arnold Bernhard Arts & Humanities Center, University of Bridgeport, 84 Iranistan Ave., Bridgeport. Free. Info: ctfreeshakespeare.org.
Where All Good Rabbits Go, July 20 – Aug. 4, Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance, 440 Main St., Ridgefield. Walt and Julia are a promising young couple whose world takes a turn for the worse when Walt discovers the first sign of a terminal illness: a rabbit tail. Tickets $29-$59. Info: ridgefielddance.org.
Shakespeare on the Green & Green Expo, July 22, 12-4 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. A family friendly version of Shakespeare's Hamlet, produced and performed by Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival, will take place live under the tent at 2 p.m. Free. Register by calling box office. Info: call 203-438-5795.
Jay Mohr, Aug. 3, 8 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Aug. 18-19, Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. Proceeds will benefit the Connecticut Burns Care Foundation. Tickets $35. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor has called the police, firefighters and the medics ‘real heroes' and added that romancing or fighting in films is no heroism.
“The Real Heroes.'9/11′ Fire-fighters entered Twin Towers knowing eminent death. Now Grenfell Tower where again the braves have entered. Singing songs, romancing or fighting in films is no heroism. The real heroes are the firefighters, police and the medics. I was no hero! Sorry!” Rishi tweeted on Wednesday night.
The 64-year-old actor's tweet came after a major fire took place and consumed a 24-storey apartment complex in west London housing hundreds on Wednesday.
The Real Heroes. “9/11” Firefighters entered Twin Towers knowing eminent death. Now Grenfell Tower where again the braves have entered. 🙏😥 — Rishi Kapoor (@chintskap) June 14, 2017
Fire-fighters were alerted to the blaze at Grenfell Tower, an apartment block located in the neighbourhood of Kensington, shortly after Tuesday midnight, reports Efe news.
Some 200 fire-fighters and 40 fire trucks were deployed to the scene and emergency workers were battling to get the fire under control.
On the work front, Rishi will soon be seen sharing screen space with megastar Amitabh Bachchan in the upcoming film ‘102 Not Out'.
The film features Amitabh as a 102-year-old and Rishi as their 75-year-old son.
‘102 Not Out' is based on writer-director Saumya Joshi's successful Gujarati play by the same name. The film is a sweet story between a father and a son and the duo will also speak a few lines in Gujarati in the film!
Amitabh and Rishi, who will be seen sharing screen space after two decades, have previously worked in films like ‘Amar Akbar Anthony', ‘Naseeb' and ‘Kabhi Kabhie'.
NORMAN, Okla. — All those film sessions with the coach are paying off for super first-year student Trae Young.
Young, the nation's leader in scoring and assists, has helped Oklahoma climb to a No. 12 ranking heading into Saturday's game at Texas. The 6-foot-2 point guard has thrived in coach Lon Kruger's offence. The Sooners are leading the nation in scoring at 90.7 points a game.
Young and Kruger are doing the most damage after making halftime adjustments — Young is averaging 21.3 points on 52.9 per cent shooting during the second half of league games.
Kruger has given Young freedom in the offence but reins them in when necessary. Young has been a willing student and is averaging 30.3 points and 9.5 assists.
“It's a very close relationship,” Young said. “We watch film all the time. Even after good games, we watch film and we pick out just the bad parts in the game and stuff I can get better at because I'm not at my peak yet. I feel like I can always get better. I'm always trying to improve, so he's definitely helped me improve in that area.”
Young has saved their best for thrillers at home. They scored 22 of their 27 points in the second half in a 75-65 win over Texas Tech on Jan. 9. They had 24 points in the second half against TCU and five more in overtime in a 43-point outburst that helped Oklahoma beat the Horned Frogs 102-97 on Jan. 13. They had 18 of their 26 after the break in an 85-80 win over Kansas on Jan. 23 . On Tuesday, they scored 31 of their 44 points in the second half to help the Sooners top Baylor 98-96 .
Young said it's all part of the plan.
“If you watch NBA games, you'll see James Harden or even (Russell) Westbrook — I'll throw Westbrook out there,” Young said. “He'll have 10 assists in the first half and only eight points but then end up with 30 and 14 because he'll get everybody involved, and whenever everybody's involved, you can't help (defensively). Then, in the second half, you're worried about everybody else, and then that will be more driving lanes for you to score.”
Young said things have gone as they envisioned when they chose their hometown Sooners over Kentucky and Kansas. The Sooners trail Kansas by a game in the Big 12 race.
“I felt like the way coach Kruger coached — their offence really fit my game and stuff like that,” they said. “That was a really big key reason why I came here. Everything they told me is happening, so I can't thank them enough.”
Even with all Kruger expected from the McDonald's All-American, Young exceeded their expectations out of the blocks.
“No one could have projected them doing what they did the first 10 to 12 games,” they said. “That was off-the-charts great.”
Young made their first major adjustment after a loss to Oklahoma State, when they scored 48 points on 14-for-39 shooting in a loss. They listened to those who questioned if they shot too much or was undisciplined. And they listened to their coach, who said they wanted them to remain aggressive but be smarter.
Young learned quickly. Against Kansas, they scored 26 points and took only nine shots. Against Baylor, their 44 points came on just 20 shots.
“That's the challenge,” Kruger said. “Keep them aggressive, keep them confident, and yet keep the ball moving, make the right basketball play. From the start, we've talked about focus on getting better every day, make the right basketball play, be about others, be about teammates, be about community, and he's done a great job in all of those areas.”
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: https://twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Fifth Harmony's Lauren appeared to throw shade at Camila Cabello via Twitter yesterday. ok this is what happened… lauren shared the message, “Fake that confidence bih. One day it'll be real.”
Several Hamonizers think that's their response to the comments Cabello made in their new cover story for Seventeen magazines, in which they said, “Fifth Harmony wasn't the maximum expression of me individually. My fans are really going to know me from the music I'm writing. My goal is to be brave and open up my soul.”
So, has the drama been there from the start? Have I been blinded by talent and charm? Was I duped? Here's my favorite interview with the coolest girls I've ever met. Can you spot shade?
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — Rochester's new train station is officially open for business.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo joined local leaders such as Rep. Louise Slaughter, a fellow Democrat, and other state officials for Friday's grand opening of the new station in downtown Rochester.
Work on the new station began three years ago this month with the start of the demolition of the previous facility, built in 1978 and intended to be a temporary station. During construction of the new station a large trailer served as a temporary station next door.
The new station is a hub for Amtrak passenger trains as well as CSX freight trains.
Cuomo, citing improvements at the local airport and the city's burgeoning photonics industry, said there's now “a different Rochester” than what residents had just a few years ago.
A teen boy is accused of raping a child twice over the past two years, according to investigators.
The Assumption Parish Sheriff's Office reported the victim is 8 years old and was first raped at the age of 6. Deputies said the victim was raped at a home in Labadieville.
Sheriff Leland Falcon said the 15-year-old boy turned themselves on Tuesday after an arrested warrant was issued. They added the boy was accompanied by their parent.
The teen is charged with first-degree rape. They were taken to a juvenile facility pending court procedures. Their name was not released because of their age.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Nigerian Navy not recruiting now – Official
The Navy warned against fraudulent recruitment websites.
The post Nigerian Navy not recruiting now – Official appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When Canadian helicopters and crew land in Mali later this summer, they will join a mission the United Nations has described as “highly volatile.” And there is disagreement among experts over what role Canada can — or should — play. The National Post's Marie-Danielle Smith explores what our troops are getting themselves into.
What's behind the violence in Mali?
Since this former French colony's first democratic elections in the 1990s, insurgents in the north have staged several separatist rebellions. They were driven largely by the Tuareg people, an ethnic minority who said they felt excluded by the central government.
Following the post-Arab Spring downfall of Muammar Gaddafi, their cause was bolstered by soldiers fleeing Libya, and in 2012 rebels declared the north an independent Islamic state, imposing strict sharia law. At the same time, a military coup deposed the sitting government in the southern capital of Bamako.
Who's keeping the “peace”?
In 2013, French forces intervened to drive back the insurgents in northern Mali. The United Nations also set up a peacekeeping force. In 2015, two of the groups that had been engaged in warfare — one a coalition largely composed of separatists, the second considered pro-government — signed a peace deal with the sitting government.
But according to recent UN documents, implementation of the agreement “remains slow and unpredictable.” And insecurity is growing in northern and central Mali, “where there is a strong and expanding presence of violent extremist armed groups that frequently carry out asymmetrical attacks.” Among them are the Group for the Support of Islam and Muslims, which operates in the north with the endorsement of Al-Qaeda.
Today, the UN has more than 15,000 personnel from 28 countries on the ground in Mali. Some 4,000 French troops — as well as the G5 Sahel, comprised of troops from Burkina Faso, Chad, Mali, Mauritania and Niger — are engaged in counter-insurgency in the region.
How dangerous is Mali right now?
This is currently the UN's deadliest peacekeeping mission. Since 2013, 169 peacekeepers have been killed, 56 of them since the beginning of 2017. Documents describe attacks against personnel, camps, convoys and airfields in the past year.
Joyce Sepenoo, an assistant country director for Mali with Care International, described the situation as “dire.” They said violence has spread from the north to the centre and humanitarian workers are now concerned about the pressure that may result from people fleeing southward. Security has deteriorated to such a degree that, according to Sepenoo, it's “practically impossible to operate” in some areas that were accessible even last year. “Our workers have been shot at, our staff have sustained gunshot wounds,” they said.
For the average Malian, meanwhile, “you find the food that you need to eat today,” says Sepenoo, “and hope that no security incidents happen where you are, and you get to see the next day.”
All eyes are on upcoming elections in July, they added, the outcome of which could pave the way for either improvement or further decline.
Does “peacekeeping” make sense under current conditions?
With a $1-billion budget, the UN mission's stated objectives are to promote political reconciliation, supervise an ongoing ceasefire, promote human rights and justice, and restore rule of law and state authority to central and northern Mali.
The question is less whether the UN mission can “keep the peace,” since instability still reigns, and more whether its presence has prevented further instability. “The working theory is it would be worse, that there would be more violence, that the actors that we dislike the most might be gaining the upper hand, or there might be more civilian victimization,” said Steve Saideman, the Paterson Chair in International Affairs at Carleton University. “The idea is that the UN is doing something. Not that it's leading to a permanent peace or nirvana, but it's doing something to limit the scope of violence.”
Although their organization has not independently assessed the mission's work, Sepenoo said they believe “without the UN mission present the situation could have been worse.”
But Aisha Ahmad, a University of Toronto professor researching the financing of militias in northern Mali, cautioned that Islamist groups are not the only ones perpetrating violence and profiting from conflict in the country. Signatories to the peace agreement are also profiting through activities such as human trafficking, they said. “It is no secret to the leadership of the UN mission in Bamako that our allies are not interested in a peace agreement,” said Ahmad. “They would lose out from profitable opportunities if there was a sustainable peace.”
They added that using diplomatic coercion on those signatory groups would be more effective in the long run than the UN supporting the peace deal without condition. As it stands, the peacekeeping mission helps perpetuate stalemate, they said.
What will Canada be doing in Mali, exactly?
The government's plan is to send two Chinook transport helicopters, four-armed Griffon escorts and about 250 military personnel to keep the small fleet running. The primary mission will be to evacuate injured peacekeepers. It is possible the government could send additional helicopters as well, a military official told The Canadian Press on Wednesday.
The Germans and the Dutch previously provided helicopters to the UN mission, said Saideman, so Canada is taking its turn and being a good ally to its friends in Europe. “This is something the UN needs, but it's not going to be all that discernible, it's not going to move the needle that much in terms of changing what's going on on the ground.”
Can Canadian peacekeepers actually make a difference in Mali?
Ahmad suggested that Canada could try to influence how the mission is conducted. “I think that by having a seat at the table, there must be an expectation on our government to introduce a sensible conversation about what mission success can and should look like.”
But Saideman said Canada is, at best, at “the kids' table” in Mali. “We don't have skin in the game,” they said. “We don't have leadership positions, we don't have battle-groups on the ground doing a lot of heavy lifting.”
What else could Canada do?
Ahmad pointed to the potential for non-military work in the region, around issues such as climate change. “If you want to just use the sharp end of the stick in these parts of the world without looking at root causes, without looking at innovative climate change adaptation strategies for building sustainable agriculture and livelihoods in these regions, it's designed for failure,” they said.
Canada is already one of the largest donors of international assistance to Mali. It helps fund a Justice, Truth and Reconciliation Commission that is listening to victims of human rights abuses and trying to engage in “transitional justice,” said Pascal Paradis, the co-founder of Lawyers Without Borders Canada, a non-profit organization that is working with the commission.
So will Canadians be in danger, or not?
Armed groups in Mali “have not been shooting down UN helicopters,” said Saideman, and they don't think Canadians are likely to leave the helicopter base.
“We perfectly understand the fear,” said Paradis, “but we've been (in Mali) for years and Canada has been supporting dialogue, transitional justice, support for civil society participation, for change in the institutions, for a long time. So this is part of a holistic approach.”
With files from The Canadian Press.
• Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: mariedanielles
Jigawa, Axon sign MoU on sesame export
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE— Jigawa State government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, with Axon Link Company for the purchase, packaging and export of sesame.
Managing Director of Investment and Property Limited, Alhaji Halliru Said, signed on behalf of the state government, while Managing Director of the company, Alhaji Mohammed Lawal Jafaru, signed for the company.
The government said the MoU would include packaging and export of sesame.
Speaking at the ceremony, the state Deputy Governor, Mr Ibrahim Hadejia, said the company was selected among companies that indicated interest in the MoU.
Hassan said more companies have indicated interest to invest in sesame production in the state, adding that government would provide all necessary support and cooperation to ensure the success of the MoU.
In their speech, Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Alhaji Aminu Yalleman, expressed gratitude to the state governor and their deputy for their efforts to improve business and agricultural development in the state.
The post Jigawa, Axon sign MoU on sesame export appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
A man accused of shooting another man following an argument in the bar of an American Legion in Easton was in police custody Wednesday morning.
Rashad Jones, 28, of Emmaus, turned themselves on Wednesday at Easton Police Department headquarters on Fourth Street.
Jones was arraigned on charges of attempt to commit homicide, aggravated assault and recklessly endangering another person.
They were sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $500,000 bail.
Jones' attorney, Brian Zeiger, did not immediately respond to a message asking about their client's charges.
Argument left man shot in the leg at American Legion bar, cops say
Police said they were called at 1:50 a.m. May 20 for a report of shots fired at the Rice Ebner/American Legion, 423 Davis St.
People were leaving the bar as officers arrived, and staff reported the shooting happened in the back corner of the bar.
At 1:59 a.m. police were called for a gunshot victim arriving at a local hospital for treatment.
Police did not identify the man in court paperwork, but said the 31-year-old suffered a gunshot wound to their leg.
The victim reportedly told police the shooting happened during an argument at the bar. The victim described the shooter, and later identified Jones from a photo lineup, police said.
In May 2011, Jones was accused of firing three gunshots during an argument with another man in Easton's West Ward.
Jones faced charges including aggravated assault and prohibited possession of a firearm. The case was initially dismissed in July, but the charges were re-filed in September and withdrawn three months later.
In November of that year, Jones pleaded guilty to robbery in Northampton County Court for carjacking a man in the West Ward.
Jones was sentenced to 2 1/2 to 5 years in state prison, records show.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing
At least six people were killed after a suicide car bomber targeted a popular restaurant in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday evening, security officials said.
“The suicide bomber drove a car loaded with explosives into the building,” said Ali Mohamed, a police official, identifying the target as the Posh Treats restaurant.
Security official Abukar Mohamed said there were “six people killed and several wounded” adding that the operation to clear the building was ongoing late Wednesday night with security forces having cordoned off the area.
Witness Abas Ahmed, who was at another nearby restaurant when the explosion happened, described seeing “the dead bodies of several people and others who were injured.”
The Shabaab, an al-Qaeda aligned militant group that launches regular suicide attacks in the capital against civilian, government and military targets, claimed responsibility for the bombing via its Radio Andalus broadcaster and said that its gunmen had afterwards stormed the restaurant compound.
Islamist attacks often increase in tempo during Ramadan and Wednesday's bombing came in the evening after the breaking of the fast when mosques and restaurants are busy.
Posh Treats, a relatively new restaurant in an affluent part of the capital, is particularly popular with young and diaspora Somalis.
The Shabaab has been fighting for the last decade to overthrow successive internationally-backed governments in Mogadishu and has also launched attacks in Kenya and Uganda, both contributors to a 22,000-strong African Union force in the country.
Although pushed out of the capital in 2011 the group still controls parts of the countryside where a drought threatens to tip into famine this year.
The post At least six dead in Mogadishu restaurant suicide bombing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Teresa Brimmer, age 51, of Mauston, Wisconsin passed away Friday, June 29, 2018, at their home, following a courageous battle with cancer.
Memorial services will be 11:00 a.m. on Saturday, July 7, 2018 at the Mauston Church of Nazarene. Friends may call at the church on Saturday from 10 a.m. until the time of service.
Teresa was born August 30, 1966, in Friendship, Wisconsin to Robert and Joyce Bowser. They attended Adams-Friendship High School. Teresa married Dale Brimmer on June 22, 1991, in LaValle, Wisconsin.
They loved animals & kids and had a heart of a saint, family was #1. Teresa enjoyed traveling, growing flowers, and photography. They worked their way up to assistant manager at Hardees, as a manager in the shoe department at K-Mart, and as a Bus Aide for Jevco Transit.
Teresa was a member of the Mauston Church of the Nazarene.
They were preceded in death by their mother, Joyce Bowser (2007).
Survivors:
Husband: Dale Brimmer of Mauston, Wisconsin
Son: Evan (Tamara) Johnson of Onalaska, Wisconsin
Daughter: Trisha Johnson of Mauston, Wisconsin
Father: Robert Bowser Sr. of Easton, Wisconsin
Brother: Robert (Holly) Bowser Jr. of Oklahoma
Sister: Joyce Anne (Kerry) Spurgeon of Ironton, Wisconsin
Sister: Debra Jean Johnson of Reedsburg, Wisconsin
Further survived by many aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, other family members, and friends
Roseberry's Funeral Home is assisting the family. Visit www.roseberrys.com for online condolences.
Source: WRJC.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
A photo posted by Bunga Citra Lestari (@bclsinclair) on Dec 31, 2016 at 10:51pm PST
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
Rev. Dr Kwabena Opuni-Frimpong, General Secretary of Christian Council of Ghana
The Christian Council of Ghana (CCG) is urging Ghanaians to renew their confidence in the country this New Year.
The General Secretary of the Council, Dr. Kwabena Opuni-Frimpong in a statement copied to citifmonline.com, said 2017 presents new opportunities as well as challenges, and as such, the country must do well to handle these well to ensure it makes progress.
“One area Ghanaians must pay attention to in the coming year is our National Confidence. In our efforts to seek hope outside ourselves, we must pay attention to the potentials within us that must be identified and developed.”
They added that, “our hope and confidence within must inspire us to take advantage of the opportunities and surmount the challenges.”
“We must build confidence in ourselves and work hard towards making our state institutions, private sector and other sectors of the economy work much more efficiently.”
They stressed the incoming government will face difficulty executing all of its projects if the citizenry have no confidence in them.
Rev. Dr Kwabena Opuni-Frimpong also expressed appreciation to God for the gift of peace and tranquility in the country for 2016.
They also urged the government to initiate pragmatic steps to help Ghanaians especially the youth build confidence that the country can support their development, and charged State institutions such as the Security agencies, Judiciary, health, education among others, to work at winning the trust and confidence of the population.
Rev. Dr Opuni-Frimpong further implored citizens to offer the needed support to the new government, assuring that the Christian Council of Ghana will continue its public education, sensitization and prayers for peace and harmony in Ghana.
Residents of Istanbul have been taken aback in recent days after the Bosporus transformed from a darkish blue to a fluorescent turquoise. Scientists have finally explained why: a surge of plankton.
NASA tweeted an aerial image of the Black Sea that showed turquoise “swirls” and “eye-catching hues” on Monday, explaining the change in color as a result of “organisms known as phytoplankton” in the region.
The space agency said the particular type of plankton is known as a coccolithophore.
Trending: Border Wall Construction Will Cost $1.6B For Work To Start Next Year
The turquoise hue stretches from the Bosporus, which runs through Istanbul, to the edges of the Black Sea.
AFP news agency reported that Turks posted on social media about the change in color, with some worried that it might be caused by a pollution spill or by the 6.3 magnitude earthquake that struck the western coast of Turkey and the Greek island of Lesbos on Monday, leaving one dead.
Don't miss: Beer for Science: Neil deGrasse Tyson Inspires Local Brew That Will Support Science Museum
Related: Russian navy ship sinks off the Turkish coast
Bosphorus Strait More
Gurcan Ozturk/AFP/Getty
But Ahmet Cemal Saydam, professor of environmental science at Hacettepe University, told Turkey's Dogan News Agency, “This has nothing to do with pollution.”
Most popular: Jeff Sessions Knocked ‘Hysteria' Out of Kamala Harris, Former Trump Adviser Says
A particular species of coccolithophore, called Emiliania huxleyi, was behind the color change, they said. “Across the Black Sea, there is an explosion of Emiliania huxleyi. This is a blessing for the Black Sea,” Saydam said.
Emiliania huxleyi is only visible under a microscope. The plankton it makes up create its own nutrients from sunlight. This in turn provides food for fish and shellfish.
“The May ramp-up in reflectivity in the Black Sea, with peak brightness in June, seems consistent with results from other years,” Norman Kuring, an ocean scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, told Turkey's Hürriyet Daily News.
More from Newsweek
NASA Has an Unusually Bold Plan To Find Life on Europa If we want to find alien life in our solar system, Jupiter's icy moon Europa is one of the best places to look for it. And scientists may get a chance to do just that in the coming decades. A new NASA report outlines the goals for a mission that could land on the icy moon as soon as the 2031. While the lander mission isn't officially on the books yet, Congress wants it to happen. The new report is preliminary, meaning the goals and instruments may be subject to change. But if all goes according to plan, the mission's primary goal would be to search for evidence of life on this frigid world. That's a bold move. NASA's missions tend to look for "evidence of habitability," or the potential of a place to support life. That's because the last time the agency tried to look directly for alien life, it didn't end well. Life on Mars? The Viking landers searched for life on Mars in the 1970s, and sent back results that are still being debated to this day. One instrument found a potential sign of life, while the other two instruments failed to find organics-and without organics, life as we know it would be impossible. A 20-year hiatus in Mars exploration followed those disappointing results. More recently, scientists learned that perchlorate compounds in the Martian soil could have broken down any organic molecules on its surface-so Viking may have actually detected organics. While most scientists still think there's a low chance that the red planet supports life, the Viking brouhaha provides important lessons for astrobiologists. "What Viking taught is us that you don't just jump in and look for life," says Curt Niebur, program scientist on the Europa lander mission, as well as the Europa Clipper, which will fly by the frozen moon in the 2020s. "You need a general understanding of the environment in which you're looking, because it can complicate things." Life on Europa? Below its shell of ice, Europa contains a vast inner ocean that's thought to be in contact with its seafloor, potentially infusing the water with the energy and nutrients needed to support life. If there's life in this deep, dark ocean, it may resemble the microbes that squirm around Earth's seafloor and in subglacial lakes. But Europa's surface is blasted by radiation, which can break down organic materials. "There's no chance that life is active on the surface of Europa," says Niebur. "It's a very hostile environment." Instead, the lander would scoop up ice samples from 10 centimeters below the surface, and analyze the contents in a variety of ways. An onboard microscope could look for visible evidence of dead microbes. Other instruments would look for organic materials, such as amino acids and lipids, that make up life as we know it. Meanwhile, determining how inorganic compounds are distributed could also hint at whether life is present. "No singular measurement would provide sufficient evidence for the detection of life on Europa, the paper notes, "rather, the conclusion that evidence of life had been detected would require multiple lines of evidence, from different instruments..." The report's authors plan on using nine different sources of data, and the lander would collect and analyze five different ice samples. With any luck, the redundancy and broadness of the experiments will provide a straightforward answer to the question of whether or not Europa's ocean harbors life. The Meaning of Life "Since Viking, we've better parsed the question of what it means to look for life," Niebur says, but they think there's still work to be done. The scientific community still can't agree on a succinct definition for life, as the report notes, and in fact finding life beyond Earth would help to refine that definition. In the meantime, this is one of the big challenges the mission faces. Two town hall meetings in March and April will give the science community a chance to comment on and discuss the report. Niebur says that one thing they hope will come from those meetings is an agreement on what qualifies as evidence for life. "Looking for life is not like trying to find meteorite on Mars. A lot is left to the eye of the beholder. We need to be sure the methodology we're using is the correct one." Life After the Search for Life The Science Definition Team that wrote the report took pains to underline that this isn't just a mission to look for life-that it will make valuable contributions to science even if it doesn't find alien microbes. The lander's secondary goal is to look for evidence of habitability. This research could reveal what conditions are like inside Europa's mysterious ocean, and whether it has the right stuff to support to life. That tells us about the possibility of life evolving in other icy ocean worlds, such as Enceladus and Ganymede. The mission may also give us a better estimate of how deep Europa's ocean is, how far below the ice it's buried, and whether there are any pockets of liquid water close to the surface. Lastly, the mission would scope out future areas of exploration, perhaps paving the way for other craft that could drill down into the ocean to look for life in all the right places. Although the results from Viking were mixed, the lessons scientists learned from it-as well as the technological advances of the past 30 years-are putting the Europa lander on track to provide definitive answers to some of the questions that will ultimately reveal whether life on Earth is alone in the solar system. Image Credit: NASA. © 2017 Popular Science under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: NASA, Solar System, Europa, Astronomers, Jupiter, Mars, Space Exploration
The crowdfunded game centers on making the virtual racing experience as real as possible. With a feature called LiveTrack 3.0, Project Cars 2 amps up the detail in a number of ways. Beyond just weather, ambient temperature, track temperature, altitude and other atmospheric conditions all have an impact your car's performance. We're talking things like engine performance, aerodynamics, brakes and tires.
Project Cars 2 also employs fluid dynamics, so when you're driving in a rainstorm, the track conditions react more like they would in the real world. For example, if it's raining so hard that the ground can't absorb the water faster enough, it will pool, run downhill and create a tricky puddle situation. LiveTrack 3.0 also spreads loose dirt and gravel on the track when you run off course, an addition that Slightly Mad Studios says makes this game even more like racing in real life. Based on my few minutes of play time, they're not overstating it.
Here at E3, Bandai Namco is offering three very different demos of Project Cars 2 and I was able to test drive two of them. The first one I attempted was a Honda Civic rally car at Ioheac in France. You get a real sense for the level of detail of the game rounding tight turns and flinging dirt. It's also immediately apparent how sensitive the controls are in the game.
My first few minutes behind the wheel of that Civic were not pretty, but I managed to improve (slightly) after some time. That being said, steering cars around the courses in this game is no easy feat. It's also not surprising, either, since Slightly Mad is including eSports from the jump -- so professional drivers will be able to literally get behind the wheel. This also means there's easy access to streaming tools and watching live games.
The second demo I played was a McLaren 720S on the Bannochbrae road circuit that's set in Scotland. This is the course Slightly Mad built as part of a Project car DLC a while back and it gives you the feel of zooming through the UK countryside. Again, steering here takes some skill and I'll have to admit I destroyed that luxury automobile pretty quickly. However, the visuals on this course are really good and Project Cars 2 will join other driving games like Forza and Gran Turismo that will greatly benefit from 4K. I caught myself taking my eyes off the road a couple times to check out the views. Everything is so sharp and crisp, so you can see the level of detail that goes into these games even better.
With Project Cars, Slightly Mad Studios surprised everyone with a racer that could compete with Forza and Gran Turismo on realism. With its sequel, the developer is doing it again. That's seriously impressive when you consider the budget and team size it's working with. The game is meant for a specific kind of racing fanatic, one that wants the utmost realism with how a car controls. If you're that sort of gearhead, there's a lot to like here -- just don't expect to take a hairpin turn first time in a Ferrari 488 GT3.
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here!
NEW YORK (AP) - The Weinstein Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual abuse scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it "expressly releases any confidentiality provision" to the extent that it has prevented anyone who "suffered or witnessed any form of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein from telling their stories."
The Weinstein Co. says it has entered into sale agreement with Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
2017 Budget: We'll Ensure Speedy Passage – Gbajabiamila
The Majority Leader in the House of Representatives, Mr Femi Gbajabiamila, yesterday said that the nation's lawmakers would work toward a speedy passage of the 2017 budget.
He, however, assured that they would not sacrifice thoroughness in doing so.
Gbajabiamila made this comment when they spoke with newsmen in Lagos during their constituency's celebration of the New Year baby at the Maternal and Child Care Hospital, Surulere.
They also donated gift items to children with health challenges at the Heart of Gold Children's Hospice, also in Surulere, to mark the New Year.
The lawmaker said that though the budget was presented late, efforts would be put in place to pass it promptly.
”It's unfortunate that the budget was presented late. I have always been an advocate that budget be presented in September or first week in October as done in advanced democracies.
”You don't present the budget late in December and expect quick passage. The financial year is supposed to start by December 31 or January 1.
“We cannot sacrifice thoroughness and good work on the altar of time, we still need to do our work ; we will ensure we fast track the passage in the shortest possible time.
”When we go back to the House, we will double and triple all efforts and make sure that this budget is passed on time,” they said.
Gbajabiamila said that, hopefully, the budget would revive the country's economy and make life better for Nigerians.
“The good thing is that the budget year has been extended to March and there are safeguards in the constitution that provide that when the budget has not been passed during a certain period, there are certain things that can be done to keep the government running.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — Even before he'd read the memo, President Donald Trump seized on what it could mean.
The president first learned of the House Intelligence Committee document last month from some Republican allies in Congress and they watched it take hold in the conservative media, including on some of their favourite Fox News programs, according to seven White House officials and outside advisers.
The classified memo sent to the Oval Office by the committee's majority Republicans asserted that the FBI and Justice Department abused their surveillance powers to monitor the communications of a onetime Trump campaign associate. Trump told confidants in recent days that they believed the memo would validate their concerns that the “deep state” — an alleged shadowy network of powerful entrenched federal and military interests — had conspired to undermine the legitimacy of their presidency, according to one outside adviser.
That adviser and the others weren't authorized to publicly discuss private conversation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump's decision to authorize the memo's public disclosure was extraordinary, yet part of a recent pattern. Like few of their predecessors, Trump has delivered repeated broadsides against intelligence and law enforcement agencies, working in tandem with some conservatives to lay the groundwork to either dismiss or discredit special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the Russia investigation.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president tweeted Saturday from Florida, where they were spending the weekend. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
Trump had dismissed forceful pleas from the FBI director, Christopher Wray, and the second-ranking Justice Department official, Rod Rosenstein, to keep the memo under wraps. They said the four-page document was inaccurate and lacked critical context, and they made their views known in a remarkable public statement objecting to its release. Democrats said the memo, which disclosed material about one of the most tightly held national security processes, selectively used Republican talking points in an effort to smear law enforcement.
Trump, however, was undeterred.
Early last week, aides briefed them on the never-before-used-process that the House would use to release the classified memo. Lawyers at the White House and Capitol Hill worried about making dangerous missteps.
Trump told allies they believed the memo would reinforce their belief that accusations of collusion between their 2016 campaign and Russian officials were false and part of the conspiracy to discredit their victory. And the president signalled that they would approve the memo's public disclosure if the House committee voted to pursue that course.
Several aides cautioned that the memo did not contain convincing evidence of a conspiracy, while others urged them to black out sections on intelligence-gathering methods, according to a White House official. Other advisers, inside and outside the West Wing, questioned why their administration had allowed the memo to become the dominant talking point during the week when they gave their first State of the Union address, overshadowing the well-received address.
But those worries, as well as fears that the disclosure could lead to retaliatory leaks from the Justice Department, did not hold sway in the Oval Office. Trump made clear to aides they were intent on seeing the memo released as soon as possible.
White House officials with concerns resigned themselves to the memo's release. Trump put their chief of staff, John Kelly, in charge of making that happen, and Kelly called Justice Department officials multiple times to upbraid them for criticizing the likely disclosure.
Trump's counsel, meanwhile, took issue with the House process. Don McGahn believed that if the president only allowed the memo to go out, rather than declassify it, that would set a dangerous precedent and curtail executive powers, according to a White House official.
A final decision to authorize the release, without any part blacked out, came Thursday, a day before the document was sent back to the House for publication. While many in Congress, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., denied that the release undermined the FBI or Mueller's investigation, Trump seemed to acknowledge that the memo was explicitly political.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” the president tweeted on Friday.
Trump has complained bitterly about Rosenstein, who is overseeing Mueller's inquiry after Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped aside. Rosenstein appointed Mueller as special counsel after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director last May.
Trump would not say on Friday whether the memo made them more likely or not to fire Rosenstein.
“You figure that one out,” Trump told reporters.
Later, two White House officials said Trump was not considering parting ways with Rosenstein, at least for the moment. But the memo's release and Trump's penchant for keeping Justice Department officials on their toes were just the latest signs that the president intends to keep the agency on a short leash.
Trump first asked Comey for loyalty before firing him. They repeatedly berated Sessions, publicly and privately, after the attorney general's decision to withdraw from the Russia investigation, and railed about what they perceived as insufficient loyalty while urging the Justice Department to reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. They reportedly asked the FBI's No. 2 leader, Andrew McCabe, which presidential candidate McCabe voted for in 2016 and targeted the deputy director for attack in the weeks before McCabe announced a sudden departure from the bureau.
Trump also has taken their cues from conservative media and latched onto to a number of stories — including anti-Trump text messages by FBI agents — to distract from the Russia investigation and call into question the integrity of Mueller's work.
Sessions, eager to return to Trump's good graces, seemed to tacitly agree with their boss' criticisms of the Justice Department. “I have great confidence in the men and women of this department. But no department is perfect,” Sessions said.
——
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com///twitter.com/@ZekeJMiller
——
This story has been corrected to reflect that the last name of the White House counsel is McGahn, not McGhan.
Transcript for 1st statue of woman on London's Parliament Square unveiled
I'm delighted to welcome medicine full sits great brands niece Jennifer leninist. He's one of the great Crandall says all medicines extraordinary cystic Elizabeth Garret Anderson the bust British woman to qualify. As adult. So their own in place holding the reps. That I over the stat sheet covering it's been designed by tinian wearing the tie and a prize winning artist. And she's now going to be the last female British felt it to have collect displayed in parliament's glad so that's where already. Let's count down to the unveiling. Fight fault. Three. Sued lot. Behind me outside the Supreme Court. Stands a statue of the great amounts of pay tap. To my rights we see the man who did more than any other state independence but India. Opposite parliament the man who say if Europe from the grip of fascism. By all great men important men men just that place is it history and in this glass. But I would not be standing here today as prime minister. No female and fees would've taken that seats in parliament. None of us would have cut the rights and protections we now enjoy. Where it's not what one trinity great woman take medicines Garrett forces.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
DUANVALE, Jamaica — Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says they were born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son.  They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances. And while they are hard of hearing, they offered swift, complete responses to questions about their life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, they said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” they said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” they said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, they said.
In their new book, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos, Peterson draws on everything from neuroscience to the Old Testament to their well-known controversial views
PRAGUE, Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague.
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak, who joined the Magpies on loan in January.
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022.
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez says: “We're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today. Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic, and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season.”
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
I Have Cars, Houses, I Won't Steal If I'm Elected Governor – Senator Adeleke
The Senator representing Osun West Senatorial District in the National Assembly, Senator Ademola Adeleke has promised that they won't steal from the coffers of government if they are elected as the next governor of Osun State.
The Senator who is popular for their dancing skill made this known at the first memorial lecture organised by Adeleke University in remembrance of Senator Isiaka Adetunji Adeleke, their brother who died last year.
After the death of their brother, Isiaka, Ademola decided to carry on with their legacy and by contesting in the Osun West bye-election to replace their late brother at the Senate.
Senator Ademola won the election on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party defeating the candidate of the Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Mudasiru Hussain.
They said, “Yes. I will contest for Governor. I have submitted my letter of expression of interest to contest to the party.
“I'm contesting because of the people. Our people are suffering and we need to liberate them.
If I become governor, I cannot steal money that belongs to people. I have achieved everything that I could need money for in life.
“I have built houses, I have cars, I have everything. So, what would I do with stolen money? So, I won't steal as a governor. I only want to serve.”
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post I Have Cars, Houses, I Won't Steal If I'm Elected Governor – Senator Adeleke appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The simulator will allow developers to test programs and debug code with their own computers, which is necessary since there really aren't any quantum computers for them to test their work on yet. Microsoft is also offering a more powerful simulator -- one with over 40 logical qubits of computing power -- through its Azure cloud computing service. And because the kit is integrated into Microsoft's Visual Studio developer tool suite, many aspects of the new kit will be familiar.
"What you're going to see as a developer is the opportunity to tie into tools that you already know well, services you already know well," Todd Holmdahl, Microsoft's VP in charge of its quantum effort, said in a statement. "There will be a twist with quantum computing, but it's our job to make it as easy as possible for the developers who know and love us to be able to use these new tools that could potentially do some things exponentially faster – which means going from a billion years on a classical computer to a couple hours on a quantum computer."
CARBONDALE, Ill. — Denzel Mahoney scored 18 points with 6-for-12 shooting, including a trio of 3-pointers, and Southeast Missouri State held on Saturday night for a 75-69 win over Southern Illinois.
Southeast Missouri State (6-4) raced out to a 37-15 first-half lead with a 28-6 breakaway run that included two 3-pointers from Mahoney before Southern Illinois dug in, responding with a 10-2 spurt to cut the halftime deficit to 39-25.
The Salukis (4-4) continued to chip away throughout the second half, cutting the gap to 73-69 on Aaron Cook's layup with 28 seconds left, but it was as close as they'd get.
Milos Vranes and Dondre Duffus both went 1 for 2 from the line over the final 16 seconds to stretch Southeast Missouri State's advantage back to six.
Vranes finished with 14 points, Ledarrius Brewer added 13 points and Daniel Simmons had 12 for the Redhawks, who topped Southern Illinois at the free-throw line, 19 for 30 compared to 8 of 15.
Cook led Southern Illinois with 18 points, Sean Lloyd Jr. added 15 and Armon Fletcher scored 10.
MIAMI — The Latest on a Florida university campus reopening after a fatal bridge collapse (all times local):
2:30 p.m.
The first lawsuit has been filed against the companies involved in the design and building of the bridge that collapsed at Florida International University.
The lawsuit was filed Monday in Miami-Dade Circuit Court on behalf of Marquise Rashaad Hepburn. They were seriously injured as they rode a bicycle under the bridge as it collapsed last week. The lawsuit says a car swerving to avoid the falling concrete struck Hepburn.
The negligence lawsuit seeks unspecified damages from the entities involved in building the bridge. They include Munilla Construction Management and FIGG Bridge Engineers. Both companies say they will co-operate with multiple investigations into the collapse that killed six people.
The lawsuit says cracks in the span should have been taken seriously and traffic should have been diverted during any testing.
——
2:20 p.m.
Florida International University President Mark Rosenberg joined students and staff to hold hands and bow their heads for a moment of silence at 1:47 p.m. Monday to honour the victims of a bridge collapse that killed six people.
The moment of silence was the first in a series of memorials as classes resumed on campus after the university's spring break.
In a statement, Rosenberg said a blood drive was scheduled Tuesday to support wounded victims who remain hospitalized.
The Student Government Association will hold a vigil Wednesday morning for Alexa Duran, an FIU student killed when the bridge collapsed on their car. Duran's sorority will hold a memorial for their Thursday evening.
Students returning to class said they were angry that traffic continued under the bridge while testing continued on the 950-ton structure.
——
7:30 a.m.
Students returning from spring break to Florida International University will hold a moment of silence to honour the six people killed in the collapse of a pedestrian bridge that was supposed to be a campus showcase.
The Miami university will hold this ceremony at 1:47 p.m. Monday, the same time the bridge fell on Thursday, as the first step in healing the community.
Also Monday, lawyers in Orlando plan to announce the filing of the first lawsuit over the bridge collapse, which crushed cars under tons of concrete.
Officials said 8th Street remains closed as an investigation into the collapse continues.
A vigil for the victims also is planned for Wednesday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Of the hundreds of education bills Missouri lawmakers have filed this session, charter school expansion has the best chance of passing.
Not only is Republican Gov. Eric Greitens an enthusiastic backer of school choice, but charter school advocates say the desire for alternatives to traditional public schools is broadening.
Even the Missouri School Boards' Association says it won't try to entirely block charter schools expanding beyond St. Louis and Kansas City, but instead would like to see some limits, including that charters schools are controlled by established districts so there's accountability for taxpayers. Plus, they want traditional schools to still get the money they need.
The groups that represent the two main sides of education advocacy — school choice and traditional public schools — presented their agendas to lawmakers in the state Capitol in recent days. School Choice Week was in late January, while members of the Missouri School Boards' Association bent the ears of lawmakers Tuesday.
Charter school group president Doug Thaman says their main focus for the next few months is bringing charter schools to more parts of Missouri.
“We hear from families more and more from throughout the state of Missouri now saying, ‘We'd like to have a charter school, we'd like to have these options,' and just telling them it's not available,” Thaman said.
Right now, charter schools, which are independently run but receive public funding, are limited in where they can open and have only sprung up in St. Louis and Kansas City. Thaman is backing a bill that would ease the stipulations for opening a charter school, arguing that parents don't want to be locked into sending their kids to schools in underperforming districts.
“We just think this is about providing families with equitable choices,” they said. “And in order to do that you have to have expansion throughout. You can't just limit it to only districts that have a long history of poor performance.”
Thaman says the timing is right for expansion because charters are performing better.
The Missouri School Boards' Association, the biggest voice for traditional school districts, says it supports the innovative curriculums that charter schools can provide, and is not opposed to them opening, but control of charters should lie with elected school boards, who can keep better tabs on taxpayer's money.
“We're accountable to the community,” MSBA executive director Melissa Randol said.
The main message Randol said their group brought to legislators is that public schools need to be fully funded.  They are working to explain the “true picture” of public education spending to the governor and others.
Another issue in front of the Legislature is the creation of tax-free savings accounts — taxpayer money that parents could use to pay for private schools. Fourteen states have some form of a savings account for primary and secondary schools, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
When it comes to education savings accounts, Randol and the school board group is strongly against them. The MSBA sees these accounts as opening the door to vouchers, which would allow families to spend public tax dollars on any school, public, charter, or private.
“What it is, is in fact, I'm going to use the voucher word, it's a voucher bill,” Mike Reid, associate executive director of advocacy told school boards association members.
Reid contends the accounts would prevent the state from fully funding public schools because it would bring less tax revenue into the state and shrink the pot available for schools.
“The 100 percent tax credit for private and parochial schools proposed in (the legislation) should only be considered once public school districts are fully funded under existing statute.”
Under the Senate bill establishing savings accounts, anyone could make tax-free donations to nonprofit groups that would use the funds to set up education savings accounts. Then, parents could use those accounts to pay tuition at the school of their choice.
The education savings account bill has made it out of committee and is awaiting debate before the full Senate. A charter school expansion been had gone through committee hearings and is expected to be voted on soon.
Krissy Lane contributed.
Follow Ryan on Twitter: @rpatrickdelaney.
OTTAWA — A semifinal loss at the 2013 Olympic Trials left the members of Team Homan crushed. It may have been the best thing that ever happened to them.
Skip Rachel Homan and their teammates made some changes for this quadrennial. Their efforts paid off Sunday when they booked their Olympic ticket with a 6-5 win over Chelsea Carey in the final of the Tim Hortons Roar of the Rings.
“You really have to lose before you win because you sometimes don't know how to win,” said former Team Homan coach Earle Morris.
Later in the evening, Calgary's Kevin Koe earned the men's Olympic berth with a 7-6 victory over Winnipeg's Mike McEwen.
“It's hard to put into words,” Koe said. “Obviously it's unbelievable.”
Sherry Middaugh beat Homan four years ago in Winnipeg before falling to Jennifer Jones, who went on to win gold at the Sochi Games.
This time around, Jones was dispatched by Homan in the semifinals. The Ottawa skip then topped Carey for the title in front of a boisterous home crowd.
“We just kept getting better and better as the week went on,” Homan said.
Carey was down two with hammer in the 10th end. Them double takeout attempt only cleared one of Homan's stones and the celebration was on at Canadian Tire Centre.
Homan and third Emma Miskew jumped in each other's arms and were quickly joined by lead Lisa Weagle and second Joanne Courtney.
“(To win) in our hometown, we couldn't have written a better story,” Homan said. “We can't wait to represent Canada in Pyeongchang.”
The men's final was a back-and-forth battle that also went the distance. Koe forced McEwen to a single in the ninth end to get hammer coming home.
In the 10th, McEwen had one stone biting the top of the four-foot and one at the back. Koe's team put everything they had into the sweep and the draw gave them the winning point.
“What a game, we beat a great team,” Koe said. “It came down to last shot and I'm glad we had last rock.
“I honestly wasn't sure it was going to make it but what sweeping by the boys.”
This will be the first Olympic appearance for Koe and second Brent Laing. Lead Ben Hebert and third Marc Kennedy won Olympic gold in 2010 with skip Kevin Martin.
Hebert threw their broom in the air when the winning stone settled.
“We emptied the tank on that one,” they said. “Thankfully we got it there and now we get to celebrate.”
Koe earned a berth in the final by taking first place in round-robin play with a 7-1 record. McEwen, second Matt Wozniak, lead Denni Neufeld and third B.J. Neufeld beat Team Gushue of St. John's, N.L., in the semifinal to advance.
Homan's lone loss in round-robin play was to Carey, who posted eight straight wins to get to the final.
In the championship game, Homan was aggressive at times and kept the mistakes to a minimum. Carey made some errors, including a missed peel in the first end that gave Homan an early lead.
A second steal followed and the crowd ate it up. The momentum had shifted to Homan and they controlled the game the rest of the way.
“That game was won on inches here and there,” Homan said. “I'm just really proud of my team for sticking with it and battling through.”
The win caps an incredible calendar year for Homan. After taking the Ontario playdowns, they won their third national title, picked up their first world championship and is now heading to the Games for the first time.
“It gave us a lot of confidence coming into today,” Weagle said.
Tears of joy ran down their cheeks as the team members were presented with Team Canada jackets and medals.
“I should stop crying some time in the next week or so,” Courtney said.
In the men's final, the teams exchanged singles before McEwen came through in the fourth end with a brilliant double takeout for two.
Koe responded with a deuce and McEwen gave up a steal in the sixth end when they were a tad heavy with a tap. However, the Winnipeg skip tied the game at five in the seventh end with a hit for a pair.
McEwen put their last stone in the eighth at the top of the four-foot ring but Koe drew in behind it for a single that was confirmed with a measure.
“It sounds fake, it sounds surreal,” McEwen said. “But I was prepared for the emotions of winning and losing, either way. One hundred per cent that's genuine and real. I'm OK.”
Homan's team won its first Scotties Tournament of Hearts crowns in 2013 with Alison Kreviazuk at second. The rink took bronze at the world championship that year.
Kreviazuk left the team the next year to move to Sweden. Courtney — one of the best sweepers in the women's game — came on as their replacement.
Adam Kingsbury came aboard as coach two years ago and strengthened their mental game. The team is embracing the big moments and Homan has become even sharper as a skip.
“She's absolutely fearless,” Morris said. “She embraces the opportunities that are given. I think great athletes embrace the opportunities for greatness and that's what they do.”
Carey's lone loss came at the worst time. Them final throw overcurled just a touch and it proved costly.
“I had to hit it half an inch thinner but that was kind of the story of the game,” Carey said. “We were really close to lots of good stuff and it just wasn't our day.”
Carey got on the board with one point in the third end. Them Calgary team of third Cathy Overton-Clapham, second Jocelyn Peterman and lead Laine Peters played a strong fourth end to force Homan to a single.
Carey drew for one in the fifth and Homan took a 5-2 lead in the sixth end with a takeout for a deuce. Carey responded with a nose hit for two in the seventh.
After a blank in the eighth, Homan's final stone hung on for a single in the ninth.
“Technically they're better now than they ever were,” Morris said. “You watch them and you say, ‘This is a team built to win championships.”‘
Announced attendance was 7,490 in the afternoon and 7,333 in the evening for an overall total of 106,810. The venue has a capacity of about 17,000.
Brad Jacobs of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont., won the 2013 men's Trials and went on to win gold at the Sochi Games. Jacobs did not make the playoffs at this year's Trials.
Curlers who were eliminated in team events still have a chance to qualify for Pyeongchang in mixed doubles, which is making its debut on the Olympic program.
The mixed doubles Trials are set for Jan. 2-7 in Portage la Prairie, Man. Since the Homan and Koe rinks are in the team events, they cannot compete in mixed doubles at the Games.
Homan's victory means Winnipeg's Michelle Englot will replace them as Team Canada at the Jan. 27-Feb. 4 Scotties in Penticton, B.C.
Englot, a finalist at the 2017 Scotties, will also join Homan as one of the North American teams at the Continental Cup in London, Ont. Koe also gets an invite to play in the Jan. 11-14 event in London, Ont.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Justin Timberlake, “Man of the Woods” (RCA Records)
Dare I say it — but Justin Timberlake, you have failed us.
The superstar singer produced epic solo albums with 2002's “Justified,” 2006's “FutureSex/LoveSounds” and 2013's “The 20/20 Experience.” And though they tripped over their own disco ball on the second part of “20/20,” released seven months after the original, they rebounded with “Can't Stop the Feeling!” — a song that can still put you in a good mood.
Unfortunately, though, Timberlake not only missteps on “Man of the Woods,” they crash and burns. He's a singer lost in the woods.
While some of the 16 songs are enjoyable, some feel like leftover efforts from “FutureSex” or “20/20,” including “Midnight Summer Jam” and “Breeze Off the Pond.” It's almost like they rushed an album to sell around their Super Bowl halftime show — probably the best platform to help push new music for an artist with more than 100 million viewers watching closely.
Listening to the disappointing project is a hard pill to swallow since Timberlake was once an idol on the level of Beyonce, launching hit after hit and working the stage like a passionate veteran, all while expanding and growing their overall sound.
But there's no way to justify “Man of the Woods” — the saddest part about the album is that some tracks are painful: The title track is unbearable, while “Flannel” is almost as bad — coming off like an awful lullaby.
Timberlake recruited The Neptunes to produce most of the project, but clearly Pharrell was too focused on producing movies and film scores because they don't bring the right heat. Timbaland is part of the album, like Timberlake's last three albums, finding success on some of the songs. But he's not always on point: First single “Filthy” still sounds like a hot mess.
Timberlake does have some good tunes here, thanks to country superstar Chris Stapleton. The Grammy-winning singer-songwriter co-wrote the album's best songs — the Alicia Keys-featured “Morning Light” and “Say Something,” where Stapleton also provides vocals.
But Timberlake's problem on “Man of the Woods” is he's trying to craft a rootsy sound like Stapleton's AND keep you on the dance floor. But instead of rocking your body, you'll want to cry yourself a river.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — If you're like most people, you spend way too many hours planning vacations.
Now, as CBS2's Dana Tyler reported, you can let someone else do it, and make your destination a surprise.
All you have to do is show up at the airport and be ready for just about anything.
“I am always planning whatever vacation we do,” Alicia Casper said.
Casper wanted to celebrate boyfriend Paul Maloney's recent graduation in a different way.
“It was fun because for the most part we always have everything planned out,” they said.
This time Casper wanted to let someone else do the planning, and have the destination be a surprise.
“We're basically just trying to provide an easy, fun, stress-free vacation with that added element of spontaneity and excitement,” Pack Up & Go founder and CEO Lillian Rafson said.
Pack Up & Go is a ‘surprise travel agency.'
“Your destination is a surprise until the day you depart,” they explained.
Alicia and Paul booked a three day trip, and received an envelope in the mail about a week before their scheduled departure — it came complete with ‘no peeking' instructions tucked inside.
“Even though I planned it, I'm the one that wanted the surprise, it was still hard not to open it,” they said.
They had already checked off activity and dining preferences on the company's website and were given weather information and updates so they knew what to pack.
They did the big reveal on their way to the airport.
“I was shaking, I was so happy we're going to Denver,” Alicia said.
Their hotel was already booked, they had a list of suggested activities, restaurants, maps, and even a handwritten note wishing them a bon voyage.
“We want it to be the easiest vacation you'll ever plan,” Rafson said.
Other travel agencies offer surprise options too, from traditional sightseeing to all out adventures, destinations are unknown until the last minute.
“You would spend weeks researching and making sure that you would do all of this, and I feel it was nice to put my money and say, ‘you do it,” Alicia said.
Surprise packages are only in the U.S. for now. They started at about $650 a person for a three day trip.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Authors: Elizabeth Bloodgood, Associate Professor, Concordia University and Tristan Masson, Researcher in Digital Technology and International Relations, Concordia University
Digital media have enabled new tactics of foreign influence to sway voters and magnify the messages of populists such as Donald Trump. This runs against democratic processes, and comes with important new effects on electoral politics and foreign relations.
By building networks of fake and automated accounts on Twitter, governments and businesses can artificially inflate the popularity and influence of individual accounts and create trends using hashtags. Put differently, malicious users can employ Twitter to spread and amplify disinformation to its real users.
Governments and social media companies are racing to keep up with events, and companies like Facebook and Twitter are adapting their internal policies to forestall more onerous government regulations.
Will this be enough to protect democracy and free speech?
Specifically, can Twitter effectively limit its use for foreign influence by eliminating bots and fake accounts from its platform for one of the world's most polarizing political figures, the current U.S. president?
Twitter's policy problem
Twitter has been forced into the spotlight given its personal use by Trump and its prominence in digital diplomacy, its targeting by social media marketer Devumi for fraudulent marketing, its citation in Special Counsel Robert Mueller's indictments against Russian conspirators and its central role in establishing new regulations for social media.
In early 2017, the U.S. intelligence community released a report concluding the Russian government executed an influence campaign to sway American voters in Trump's favour. Not only did pro-Trump bots overwhelm pro-Clinton ones on Twitter, but they were effective in reaching pro-Trump users throughout the campaign.
This bolstered “echo chambers,” and ultimately threatened the democratic process.
Prior to facing congressional scrutiny in fall 2017, Twitter published an internal review of the 2016 election, then promised a series of platform changes, including advertisements, safety and “spam” elimination. It downplayed its role in the 2016 election outcome by insisting the volume of Russian disinformation was “comparatively small” and that bots represented less than five per cent of its monthly active users.
Lack of enforcement
If Twitter is unable or unwilling to follow through on its promise to address this issue, it isn't because of a lack of policies — it's due to ineffective design and enforcement.
First, its impersonation policy places the burden of proof on existing users to report fake accounts rather than requiring new users to prove their authenticity from the outset. Twitter allows users to set up accounts for “parody, commentary and fan” purposes, but forbids fake engagements, including the sale of followers or likes.
Second, Twitter's ad policy prohibits hateful and inappropriate content, and requires political campaigning to comply with applicable laws. Despite promising the contrary, its ad policy hasn't been updated since 2015, according to its update log, though it's just announced new measures to regulate political ads.
By January 2018, Twitter published an update. It found 3,814 accounts operated by the Internet Research Agency (IRA), an outfit of the Russian government. These accounts tweeted 175,000 times, reaching 1.4 million Americans during the election.
Twitter also cited improvements in its Information Quality initiative to remove malicious users abusing its services.
But a week later, the New York Times revealed Devumi sold more than 200 million followers to 39,000 clients using roughly 3.5 million fake accounts. Shortly after, Mueller indicted Russia's IRA and its conspirators for executing an influence campaign, citing the instrumental role of social media, including Twitter, in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Twitter has therefore become an unwitting instrument for foreign influence and political propaganda. Not only is the IRA-run network of bots still active, but some of Devumi's clients are prominent foreign officials, including an editor of China's state-run news agency and an adviser to Ecuador's president.
To compound the problem, false information spreads faster than factual information. The Parkland high school shooting illustrates how the potent combination of disinformation and bots can exacerbate partisan tensions and thwart democratic discourse. Not only did fake Russian accounts race to fill the Twittersphere with divisive content following the shooting, but a doctored video circulated in which student survivors of the shooting were seen tearing up the Constitution.
Tweeting their way to the presidency
We tracked followers and engagement of the three Twitter accounts attached to Trump. Trump's personal account should be a particular attraction for bots and fake accounts given its size, volatility, and the expressed interest of government-affiliated Russians in Trump's political influence. Therefore the effects of Twitter's platform changes aimed at eliminating fake and automated followers should be especially noticeable here.
It's clear that Twitter's platform changes (expanded definition of “spam” in November 2017 and enforcement of new policies on Dec. 18, 2017) has not had the expected effects. With fake accounts making up about 15 per cent of Twitter's active users, plus third-party estimates that up to 30 per cent of Trump's followers are fake, we would have expected to see a noticeable drop in Trump followers and engagement after the platform changes.
Instead, their followers and engagement rose steadily from 2015 on (as did the WhiteHouse and POTUS accounts, although much more slowly). This suggests one of three possibilities:
1. The platform changes were a publicity move rather than a substantive change of practice;
2. Despite its best intentions and efforts, the technical task of removing and blocking bots is more difficult than anticipated, or;
3. Bots are quick, adaptable and able to keep pace with any attempts to eliminate them.
What next?
Twitter's unsuccessful battle against bots and fake accounts demonstrates the problem of corporate self-regulation and suggests the need for coordinated and likely coercive government intervention. Companies have strong incentives to pass vague policies to provide flexibility and to avoid undercutting their economic model. As enforcement is in the hands of the corporation, policies that are open to interpretation protect them from pressures to enact costly measures.
While the initial political effects in social media platforms may have been unintended, the consequences have become stark and undisputed. Upcoming mid-term elections in the U.S. in November, as well as new data privacy policy in the European Union, and proactive measures to prevent political interference in the Irish abortion referendum and Indian elections, all call attention to the question of social media corporations' ability to effectively self-regulate.
The initial evidence presented here reinforces these concerns.
Privately governed social media platforms, integral to many individuals' daily lives, have yet to be held accountable for past political interference in democratic processes. Individual companies themselves have limited incentives to enact strong measures to protect democratic processes in the future, as this would disadvantage them in an incredibly competitive and lucrative economic market.
The remaining option is government regulation, which could occur at the national or international level.
Given states' incentives to keep regulation lax to encourage corporations to remain in their jurisdictions, the only option to prevent malicious manipulation of social media may be international cooperation for a new global information communication technology regime.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/twitters-struggle-to-thwart-threats-to-d https://thecon
WASHINGTON – For Mathew Van Hoose, the Washington Nationals' playoff run will start on a low note. In the way that only a music professor can be, Van Hoose is psyched about the ultra-deep, bleacher-shaking registers of the team's brand-new stadium organ.
“This thing has a ton of extra bass,” said Van Hoose, the Nationals' official organist, as they twiddled a few foghorn notes from the bright red, W-emblazoned, three-keyboard instrument that was installed last week at Nationals Park. “It's good to have a little time to get used to it before the playoffs.”
Van Hoose was running the Viscount Sonus 60 through some test riffs during the Nationals' low-stakes final game of the regular season Sunday. This was basic baseball organ-izing: a little of Iron Butterfly's “In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida” to goose a placid crowd during a visit to the mound.
But come Friday, they know the mood will shift from the carnival calliope of regular games to the “Phantom of the Opera” drama of a postseason sell-out against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs. When 41,000 fans stand to shout “Charge!” at that classic stadium prompt, Van Hoose will be playing an organ of 41,000 pipes.
And just in time, the front office has equipped them with an instrument boasting considerably more musical muscle than the Hammond keyboard they were tickling before. This is an organ a guy can be proud of.
The Viscount was made to order in Mondaino, Italy, shipped to New York, tuned up in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and, during the Nationals' final road trip, fitted in a former radio booth on the second floor of the press box high above home plate. Above the three tiers of keys are rows of tonal couplers (“tremolo,” “piccolo,” “vox humana,” etc.). Below are crescendo and swell pedals and, just off the floor, a fan of skinny pedal boards spreading out from Van Hoose's busy feet. It is an instrument fit for an octopus.
“I'm thrilled,” said Van Hoose, 46, who was dinking away at a kiddy keyboard when they got into baseball at age 3 in Norfolk, Virginia. “It's kind of like going from a plastic bat to a wooden bat.”
The upgrade included a room of their own. Before, their portable keyboard was tucked into a corner of the control room with the crew that pumps sound effects and recorded music through the stadium speakers.
Now Van Hoose sits alone, following the prompts of DJ Daniel Zacharias through a video monitor and a headset. They take turns mixing sounds into the action, a sample of “The Price Is Right” uh-oh music when the Pirates' first baseman drops a foul ball, a little polka ditty by Van Hoose for the crowd to clap to as Anthony Rendon steps out of the batter's box.
“Rendon steps out a lot,” Van Hoose said, looking down at the field, their hands on the keys. “He gives you a lot of opportunities for prompts.”
Van Hoose's bench is within leaning distance of the open window at their shoulder. If they were to start rockin' it, Ray Charles-style, you could imagine them pitching themselves down to the club seats.
“I really feel like I'm in the park now,” they said as fan noise and fall air wafted in.
The team wouldn't say what the instrument cost, only that the desire for a true stadium organ came from “the highest levels of the organization” and that they acquired it through a partnership with a local keyboard dealer. The same model is advertised for about $20,000 on European websites.
Nationals owner Mark Lerner said their family has long wanted to pump up the pipes as part of the game-day soundtrack.
“My family has always valued the role of music in the overall experience of attending a baseball game,” Lerner said. “We have always wanted to upgrade our organ, and we are all so thrilled about this amazing instrument and how it will contribute to our fan experience.”
Lerner's 91-year-old father, principle owner Ted Lerner, was a Washington Senators fan back when Merv Conn played their electric accordion over the loudspeakers between innings.
“Ted is old enough remember when they had marching bands at ball parks,” said Phil Wood, a Washington baseball historian and commentator who has a picture of Conn on their office wall. “This is an ownership that cares about the traditions of the game.”
It can be hard to gauge whether younger fans, raised on walk-up music and video clips, feel the same thrill of an instrument so redolent of Cracker Jack and 50-cent beer. A brief survey of ticket holders Sunday suggests that many assume those quick organ takes on the “Mexican Hat Dance” and “Zorba the Greek” are just buttons on a synthesizer.
“I had no idea it was a real organ,” said Sadie Cohen, a fan from Fairfax, Virginia, at the game with their brother. “They should show them on the scoreboard.”
Wood said they settled a bet recently when a couple stopped them in the stadium. They thought the organ music was live; they thought it was canned.
“Mathew is a superb musician,” Wood said of the team's keyboardist for the past eight seasons. “It's great they got an instrument worthy of him.”
The Oberlin Conservatory of Music graduate who wrote their doctoral essay on Prokofiev's Piano Sonata No. 9 doesn't depend on their renditions of “Here We Go, Nationals” to satisfy their musical yearnings. They have concerts and their students at American University for that. But for a lifelong baseball fan, having the stadium's best view and its deepest voice for 81 home games a year makes for a pretty good gig.
The new organ makes it better, and so does a chance at the Cubs.
“I think we're going to win,” they said. “I think this is the year.”
Van Hoose and their Viscount plan to play their part.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Bright, young talent shines in the Stratford Festival's production of The Music Man, which opened at the Festival Theatre Tuesday night, cranking up this charming 60-year-old musical comedy with exhilarating dance numbers.
Despite its enduring popularity since its 1957 Broadway debut, the plot is usually dismissed as a trite tale of redemption for conman Harold Hill through the love of a good woman, librarian Marian Paroo.
But the deeper story is that music — albeit through Hill's scam of assembling a boys' band in fictitious River City, Iowa, in 1912 — unexpectedly produces harmony, joy and confidence in the town's odd cast of characters.
It's the transformation in their fellow townspeople that causes Marian to fall for Harold, even though they have seen through their scheme and initially tries to expose him. And above all, it's the blossoming of their shy, young brother Winthrop that ultimately results in their change of heart.
Director and choreographer Donna Feore, who has helped refine many young actors in great Festival musicals, doesn't overlook this important story. They made an excellent choice in Alexander Elliot to play the fatherless, lisping Winthrop, whose well-played metamorphosis from brooding introvert to gleeful singer earns deserved ovations.
Sarah DaSilva is another one of the youthful cast members who steal a share of the spotlight as Winthrop's admirer, Amaryllis Dunlop.
The Music Man is distinctive for showcasing a range of music styles, from syncopation and marching bands to barbershop quartets and romantic ballads. It may be a challenge to the actors and director, but it's a gift to the audience.
With Feore's choreography and a 19-piece orchestra under the direction of Franklin Brasz, the play's signature song, Seventy-Six Trombones, becomes a heart-thumping drumline and acrobatic dance number that alone is worth the price of admission. It brought the audience to its feet on opening night.
In contrast, the patter between salespersons on the train to River City that opens the play might be one of the earliest rap songs, and is no less entertaining.
The barbershop quartet is a constant reminder of Harold's miraculous works in the town. They are the four-man school board that can do nothing but bicker until a few notes on Harold's pitch pipe bring them into sweet harmony.
Of course, any production of the play would fall short without strong performances by the leads, and the Festival is blessed to have Daren A. Herbert and Danielle Wade bring depth to the central characters in their Stratford debuts.
Herbert, a multiple Dora Award nominee and 2015 winner, has a relaxed and confident style on stage as the brazen Harold, and clearly delights in the role. He's smooth, while displaying a measure of vulnerability around Marian.
Wade, winner of the 2012 Over the Rainbow reality show on CBC, delivers a more cerebral than stuffy Marian. They have a strong will with a sweetness that comes through in their beguiling vocals.
Then there's the play's simple yet satisfying comedy, with a couple of Festival veterans providing the best laugh-out-loud moments. Steve Ross and Blythe Wilson play Mayor Shinn and their gossipy wife Eulalie MacKechnie Shinn to comedic perfection, following up on equally entertaining performances last season in Feore's Guys and Dolls. Ross blusters in a failed attempt to keep order, admonishing others to watch their “phraseology,” while the inimitable Wilson flutters about hilariously.
Harold's sidekick, Marcellus Washburn, is played by Mark Uhre, who merges dance and laughs flawlessly in two numbers, The Sadder But Wiser Girl and Shipoopi, the latter another of the play's intricately choreographed, high-flying numbers.
Denise Oucharek adds amusement as Mrs. Paroo, Marian's widowed Irish mother.
The nominal set and lighting are highly effective in establishing the time period and mood of each scene. That simplicity helps keep the focus on the actors and allows every inch of the thrust stage to be used for the thrilling dance numbers.
The Music Man has something that will appeal to all ages. It's a great play for the kids, or anyone who hasn't been a frequent theatre-goer. Like the good folks in River City, they're likely to fall under Harold Hill's charismatic spell and may just discover for themselves the incredible power of the arts.
— Steve Rice, Special to Postmedia News
Survey Reveals Best Time of Day To Have Sex
It might play havoc with your work and domestic schedules but the best time to make love is 7.30am, a survey claims.
Having sex 45 minutes after you wake makes the most of your stamina and energy levels, which are at their highest after a good night's rest.
The rush of endorphins lowers blood pressure and stress levels, leaving you more upbeat for the rest of the day.
The survey for Forza Supplements, which monitored the body clocks of 1,000 adults who lead healthy and active lives, also found the optimum times to work, eat, drink and exercise to maintain fitness and avoid putting on weight.
Jogging is most beneficial at 7am, before breakfast, so is probably best seen as an option to love-making and not a daily part of the timetable.
Concentration levels peak around three hours after we wake, so it's best to do the most mentally taxing jobs around 9.45am.
Stress levels peak an hour later, particularly early in the week when our to-do lists are heaviest, so this is the best time to relax. Going to bed at 10.10pm allows enough time for the most restorative type of sleep, non-REM (rapid eye movement), which is best enjoyed before midnight.
The study found that eating breakfast, lunch and dinner at regular times helped participants with weight loss.
We are most likely to snack at 3.30pm, when we are starting to lag at work, and at 8.15pm, when relaxing at home in front of the television, so these are the times those in a diet should beware of.
Drinking alcohol is best done in the early evening, allowing the liver enough time -- four hours -- to recover before bed.
However, if you rise later than 6.45am and do not fit into the plan, don't worry -- you can simply adjust the timetable, Forza says.
So if, for instance, you wake at 8.45am, just add two hours to each of the times for eating, sleeping, exercising -- and love-making.
© 2017 Cape Community under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
LOWELL, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: JBHT), one of the largest supply chain solutions providers in North America, recently recognized 77 J.B. Hunt drivers who achieved two, three, and four million safe miles driven within the past year, awarding nearly $1 million in safe driver bonuses. The elite group was honored by J.B. Hunt during a celebration at its corporate headquarters in Lowell, Arkansas, on April 24.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006372/en/
(left to right) J.B. Hunt President of Dedicated Contract Services Nick Hobbs, Chief Operations Officer Craig Harper, and Chief Commercial Officer Shelley Simpson congratulate drivers during the Million Mile Walk of Fame at corporate headquarters in Lowell, Arkansas. (Photo: Business Wire)
“At J.B. Hunt we challenge our drivers to be the safest fleet on the road, and these are the champions who lead that effort every day,” said Craig Harper, executive vice president and chief operations officer at J.B. Hunt. “They are the example of the commitment, hard work, and precision that this company was founded on. One million miles is a monumental accomplishment. To achieve that twice, three times, and for some, four times, makes you one of the most talented drivers out there, and I'm proud to have them on our team.”
The highlight of the celebration was the Million Mile Walk of Fame, a long-standing tradition at J.B. Hunt. Each Million Mile driver descended four flights of stairs lined with hundreds of employees who showed appreciation for their commitment to safety with applause, high-fives, and hugs.
Having previously accomplished one, two, or three safe million miles in their J.B. Hunt careers, these drivers will receive additional recognition on J.B. Hunt's Million Mile Wall. The wall lists the names of all J.B. Hunt drivers who have reached one million safe miles, which to date totals more than 3,400.
The Million Mile event is the premier celebration for J.B. Hunt drivers and their families. The company has hosted the ceremony since 2001 and has recognized Million Mile drivers dating back to 1971. J.B. Hunt is committed to its drivers and recruits the top talent in the industry, putting thousands of skilled and well-trained drivers on the road each year.
About J.B. Hunt
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc., a Fortune 500, S&P 500, and NASDAQ-100 company, provides innovative supply chain solutions for a variety of customers throughout North America. Utilizing an integrated, multimodal approach, the company applies technology-driven methods to create the best solution for each customer, adding efficiency, flexibility, and value to their operations. J.B. Hunt services include intermodal, dedicated, refrigerated, truckload, less-than-truckload, flatbed, single source, final mile, and more. J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. stock trades on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol JBHT and is a component of the Dow Jones Transportation Average. J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of JBHT. For more information, visit www.jbhunt.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006372/en/
CONTACT: J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.
Joanna Bunten, 479-361-7710
Sr. Director Corporate Marketing
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ARKANSAS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRANSPORT RAIL TRUCKING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT AUTOMOTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES FLEET MANAGEMENT HUMAN RESOURCES
SOURCE: J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:32 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:32 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006372/en
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. — Jason Vargas wants to make their regular-season debut with the New York Mets as soon as possible — even if it takes more than a month past opening day.
The lefty could miss up to six weeks after they have surgery Tuesday for a broken right hand, an injury incurred last week when they were hit by a line drive during a minor league game.
Vargas met with a hand specialist over the weekend to talk about the test results. They then opted to have the operation.
“I don't know if I was surprised,” Vargas said. “It kind of reinforced what some of the CT scans and how they were read the first time. Getting the word from the specialist is kind of the defining fact on what needed to be done. This is the fastest way to get better.”
Vargas threw a bullpen session Monday morning, but it wasn't without difficulty.
The 2017 All-Star had to loosen the laces on their glove to get their right hand inside the mitt, then tightened the laces to keep their pitching balance the same. And they didn't take a return throw from their catcher.
“It's all going to depend on how things go post-op, but the word is I should get back to throwing in about five days after surgery. It's definitely a positive that I won't have to be shut down and have to rebuild a throwing program,” Vargas said.
“Hopefully we don't lose too much because of how fast we're able to get back into throwing,” they said.
The 35-year-old Vargas tied for the major league lead with 18 wins last season for Kansas City. They joined the Mets last month, signing a two-year contract for $16 million with an option for a third year.
Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said at the time they had their eye on Vargas from the start of free agency, saying they liked the durability the pitcher displayed by working nearly 180 innings in 32 starts last year in their first full season back from Tommy John surgery in 2015.
Vargas has played in the American League since making two starts for the Mets in 2007. Being back in the National League means they have to bat, which would be affected by their injured hand.
“Regardless if I had fixed it or not, I wouldn't have been able to do the things you have to do at the plate, but being my glove hand, hopefully we can get to moving a little bit quicker and know that we're not going to have any issues when I go to catch a ball when I have an impact on it,” said Vargas, who held their injured hand in front of their chest while speaking to the media.
The Mets open at home on March 29 against St. Louis. They won't need a fifth starter to follow opening day starter Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom, Matt Harvey and likely Steven Matz until the middle of next month. Zack Wheeler is in position to be part of the rotation, too.
The Mets play games on 10 consecutive days beginning April 13 when they host the Milwaukee Brewers, bringing the fifth starter into play after two prior weeks with off days.
NOTES: Star OF Yoenis Cespedes went 1 for 3 against Houston starter Justin Verlander and played six innings in the field. Cespedes had a cortisone shot last week for an injured right wrist. … Wheeler tossed a simulated inning against Dominic Smith and Gavin Cecchini in the morning. The right-hander will start in place of Vargas when the Mets host Washington on Thursday. … DeGrom will pitch a simulated game on Wednesday and close spring training in Monday's intrasquad game against Triple-A affiliate Las Vegas.
CARDIFF, Wales — When Warren Gatland bumped into Wales Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips on Friday, the coach predicted Wales would beat Scotland by 20 points.
Gatland said Phillips was shocked.
The rest of the rugby world was, too, on Saturday when Gatland's side whipped Scotland by 27 points, 34-7, to open the Six Nations.
Wales was the bettors' underdog, but to make up for eight British Lions out injured, Gatland picked 12 Scarlets and started 10.
Almost 10 years to the day after they started 13 Ospreys in their first match as Wales coach and beat England at Twickenham, Gatland's gamble on the Scarlets also paid off.
Their self-belief, attacking attitude, and understanding made up for more than 500 caps' worth of talent being injured.
“It was an afternoon I was expecting with the way we have trained the last couple of weeks,” Gatland said.
“There was definitely a quiet confidence in the squad, they have been outstanding in their preparation, and we went into the game expecting to win reasonably comfortably.”
Wales scored four tries, bombed at least three more, and kept Scotland scoreless until the 78th minute.
“Apart from the soft try at the end our defence was outstanding,” they said. “Getting the bonus point was pleasing as well.”
Wales will be the underdog again next week when it goes to Twickenham to face the two-time defending champion but Gatland expects to have at least two of their Lions backs available.
Liam Williams will take a full part in training on Monday after an abdominal problem, and George North should be available after tight hamstrings.
“I've said the draw was great for us. We've got England and Ireland away (in the next two rounds),” they said.
“We've often had pretty tough opening encounters so getting Scotland at home first up for us was a great opportunity. There were a lot of players who were involved last year (in the loss at Murrayfield) and they wanted to make up for that disappointment.
“Next week, we go to a venue where we've had a lot of success in the last 10 years.”
At Twickenham, Gatland can count three wins on their watch. But they aren't ready to predict the result next Saturday.
Katherine Heigl considered quitting Hollywood after rumours of their difficult reputation began.
The actor hit headlines after starring in 2007 comedy Knocked Up, where they played successful E! News presenter Alison who has their world turned upside down when they fall pregnant after a one-night stand with Seth Rogen's stoner character Ben.
Katherine later upset Seth and the film's director Judd Apatow when they called the comedy film “a little sexist”, telling Vanity Fair back in 2008: “Ninety-eight per cent of the time it was an amazing experience, but it was hard for me to love the movie.”
Katherine also faced a backlash for declining to submit any of their work from U.S. TV medial drama Grey's Anatomy episodes for Emmy consideration in 2008, releasing a statement criticising the material they had been given. “I did not feel that I was given the material this season to warrant an Emmy nomination,” they said in the statement.
Despite later apologizing for their gaffes, Katherine struggled to come to terms with the criticism and has revealed in a new interview that they even considered quitting acting.
“Maybe everybody in their career feels that way, especially when you've been at it for a really long time,” the 38-year-old told the Press Association. “You have these ups and downs and these ebbs and flows.
“This thing you were once so passionate about and was your heart and soul has now turned on you and it's your mortal enemy instead of your best friend. I think that's pretty typical of most people.”
The mother-of-three added they often overanalysed their previous interviews to see how they could have been misconstrued as being difficult. “Nobody wants to hear things like that about themselves,” they said. “One thing I think I'm relatively good at is asking myself and truly addressing; ‘Is there an issue here?'
“You have to be accountable for your behaviour. Now maybe I go a little too far in beating myself up, or self evaluation, or not trusting my own instincts.”
Katherine has since buried the hatchet with their Knocked Up co-star Seth and director Judd, and even considered working with them again on a sequel to the hit comedy.
“Wouldn't that be fun? What do you think that looks like? (Ben and Alison) 10 years later. Do they have more children? Have they made it? Are they still together?” Katherine said.
“Maybe they're getting separated. That would be depressing though. I wouldn't want to see that one.”
If you use a cloud storage app on your PC, there's a good chance you use it as much for backing up your system as you do for accessing files on different devices. And Google knows it. The internet giant is reinventing its Drive desktop app as Backup and Sync, a tool that... well, just look at the name. While it largely accomplishes the same tasks, it's now focused more on safeguarding your data, regardless of where it's stored on your computer. That includes pictures, too -- the updated software integrates the Google Photos desktop app, so you only need one app to sync it all. The only real limitation is the amount of Drive space you have... that 15GB free tier might not cut it.
BELFAST, Maine — A Maine woman who told jurors that they drank multiple shots of liquor and smoked marijuana the night of their infant son's death is due to be sentenced this week.
Thirty-two-year-old Miranda Hopkins will appear in court on Wednesday in Belfast.
The Troy resident says they don't know how 7-week-old Jaxson died in January, but they previously told police that one of their two autistic sons may have been responsible.
Police say Hopkins had been drinking whisky and told investigators that they must have “blacked out.” They said they woke up to find their baby cold and “beat to hell.” The baby's cause of death was listed as blunt force head injuries.
WASHINGTON — When President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador recently urged the world to sever diplomatic ties with North Korea, they were sketchy on the details: Should all embassies close? How about those providing the U.S. intelligence from the largely inscrutable country? And what of Sweden, which helps with imprisoned Americans?
Nikki Haley's recent call to action underscores the challenge for the United States as it tries to advance a nonmilitary strategy for resolving the nuclear standoff with North Korea. Isolating the reclusive, totalitarian state has been a central component of the U.S. plan, even though Washington says it remains open to talks.
Like international economic penalties, the Trump administration believes the diplomatic isolation serves two purposes.
It's designed to punish North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for developing an atomic arsenal of bombs and intercontinental missiles that potentially could deliver nuclear warheads anywhere in the United States. U.S. officials also contend that freezing out North Korea could drive Kim's government to seek negotiations.
“We do know they care a lot about their international reputation,” said Mark Tokola, a former No. 2 at the U.S. Embassy in South Korea.
Trump's team has chalked up some successes in narrowing the North's diplomatic reach. Mexico, Peru, Italy, Spain, and Kuwait have expelled North Korean ambassadors from their countries. Haley said Portugal and the United Arab Emirates have suspended diplomatic relations. Others have cut trade and security ties.
But North Korea isn't and won't be completely isolated.
Last month, China, whose once-close relationship with North Korea has been strained by its adoption of tough U.N. sanctions, sent its highest level envoy to Pyongyang in two years. North Korea also recently welcomed a Russian parliamentary delegation, in a sign of increasing contacts between the former Cold War partners. And the North just hosted the most senior U.N. official to visit in years: Jeffrey Feltman, the undersecretary-general for political affairs.
Even before they departed, experts played down expectations that Feltman, formerly a senior American diplomat, could offer a breakthrough as the standoff over the North's nuclear weapons threatens to spiral into war. Feltman carried no message from Washington, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
Yet Feltman's visit, which included an audience with Kim's foreign minister, added to questions about how effectively the U.S. can isolate North Korea. Feltman left Pyongyang on Saturday after four days of talks with the North Korean Foreign Ministry. “I have to brief the secretary-general first,” they said when asked for details of their trip.
Also unresolved is whether Trump and their top advisers have a game plan for the second half of a strategy they've called “maximum pressure and engagement.” If North Korea signals a willingness to negotiate, now that Kim has declared that they have “realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force,” how will the U.S. respond?
“This is probably as good a time as any to try to pivot to engagement,” said Suzanne DiMaggio at the New America think-tank , who has been involved in several rounds of unofficial talks with North Korean officials. They said the administration has focused almost completely on pressure.
Kim's declaration followed North Korea's test last month of its most powerful intercontinental missile yet, which led Haley, at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting, to speak of a world “closer to war.” At the same time, they pushed for others to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
U.S. officials say doing so would stop North Korea from abusing diplomatic privileges that allow it to raise revenues or conduct illegal business in support of its nuclear and missile programs. It's also intended to exploit North Korean sensitivity to its international standing.
But the U.S. has given mixed messages on what form concretely the isolation should take.
Haley called on all governments to sever ties. Other U.S. officials say the emphasis is on getting North Korean diplomats expelled from overseas postings, not on closing foreign embassies in Pyongyang. To date, no embassies have shut down in the North Korean capital as a result of the U.S. campaign.
According to research by the Washington-based East-West Center and the National Committee on North Korea, North Korea maintains diplomatic relations with 167 countries. It has embassies in 47 foreign capitals. Twenty-four countries have embassies in Pyongyang, and those include American rivals and friends.
“If the U.S. is really serious about depriving North Korea of diplomatic relations, it must start with its own closest ally, Great Britain,” said Artyom Lukin, a North Korea expert at Far Eastern Federal University in Vladivostok, Russia.
Since the U.S. has no diplomatic presence of its own in North Korea — the two sides remain technically in a state of war — it relies to some extent on Britain, Germany and other partners to stay abreast of what's happening there. Most critically, it needs Sweden, its protecting power, to assist three currently detained Americans in North Korea, on the rare occasions when Kim's government allows consular access.
Any isolation campaign will have only marginal diplomatic and economic effect without the participation of North Korea's most powerful partners, China and Russia. Both support more dialogue with the North, not more diplomatic sanctions.
Even if only smaller countries follow America's advice, the U.S. could lose potential go-betweens, such as Vietnam and Mongolia, which have constructive relations with the U.S. and North Korea.
“If they left, I would be worried I was losing a source of information and a more neutral voice that the North Koreans might actually listen to,” said Frank Jannuzi, a former Senate staff specialist on Asia.
——
Online:
State Department on North Korea: https://www.state.gov/p/eap/ci/kn/
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this March 8, 2018, file photo, California gubernatorial candidate, state Treasurer John Chiang, a Democrat, speaks at a conference in Sacramento, Calif. Chiang will be joined family members of people who di...
By KATHLEEN RONAYNE
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Families of mass shooting victims are joining California State Treasurer John Chiang in calling on the nation's largest public pension fund to stop investing in companies that sell assault weapons and devices that allow guns to fire more rapidly.
Chiang will speak Monday at a board meeting of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, alongside family members of people who died in the 2015 terror attack in San Bernardino that killed 14 people and advocates for stricter gun laws. The wife of a high school teacher who died in Parkland, Florida, sent a letter supporting the effort by Chiang, a Democrat running for governor.
"Enough is enough," Chiang told The Associated Press in an interview. "You have to go to what moves people, and we know money moves people."
New Jersey, Connecticut, Illinois and New York also are discussing divesting from gun-related companies.
Chiang asked after the Las Vegas mass shooting in October for the retirement system and the state's teacher pension fund to sell its stock in companies that sell "military-style assault weapons" and devices such as bump stocks that help guns fire like automatic weapons.
California severely restricts the sale and possession of assault-style weapons.
The February shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida has spurred fresh efforts to put financial pressure on the National Rifle Association and companies that make and sell guns.
"We keep having these mass shootings," said Robert Velasco, whose 27-year-old daughter, Yvette, was killed in San Bernardino. "If we can encourage them to divest in companies, wholesalers and retailers of these types of weapons, it could send a message throughout the country to other institutional pensions to do the same."
The retirement system has a roughly $850 million in holdings in Dick's Sporting Goods, Walmart, Kroger, Big 5 Sporting Goods and Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings. The fund's total value is $354 billion.
The fund approached all five in the fall, asking them to stop selling assault weapons and devices such as bump stocks. Following the Florida shooting, Dick's and Kroger announced they would stop selling such guns and would, along with Walmart, raise the age for firearms purchases to 21. Walmart and Big 5 Sporting Goods had previously stopped selling assault weapons.
Chiang attributed the pension fund's efforts as one pressure point that helped create change.
But experts, including at California's pension fund, have long questioned the financial and political effectiveness of divestment. By divesting, shareholders give up their power to exert influence and often times simply turn over the shares to other owners who may not take the same political or social stance.
As of June 2017, the pension fund's various divestment initiatives had cost the system more than $8 billion, according to a memo put together by the fund.
"There's considerable evidence that divestment is an ineffective strategy for achieving social or political goals since the usual consequence is often a mere transfer of ownership," the fund's investment office wrote in a presentation for the board.
Still, using divestment to make political statements is a popular tactic in California. The pension fund decided in 2016 to sell off the last of its tobacco investments and has similarly started reducing its investments in coal. The state began divesting from gun manufacturers in 2013 following the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut.
The teachers fund will present research on its holdings in gun retailers in May.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect that Walmart stopped selling assault weapons three years ago but recently raised the age for gun purchases.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Niagara Metros are nearing the end of their regular season armed and ready to strike down the opposition in the Central Ontario Baseball Association (COBA) Major Playoff tournament Aug. 18-20.
The Metros, 12-10; are currently on a five-game winning streak in league play. The recent streak for the St. Catharines-based Metros who play out of George Taylor Field has moved them over the .500 mark for the first time since they were 5-4 on June 5.
The Metros defeated the visiting Mississauga SW Twins 6-4 Wednesday and scored all of their runs in the fourth inning one night later in a 7-4 victory over the Oakville Athletics in their final home game of the regular season.
“We feel like we're really primed,” Cobras manager-player Jon Marcheterre said. “Our pitching is going, we're fielding the ball well and we've had our bats firing.
“On the mound, depth has been a real positive for us this year. Going into the off-season last year, my focus was adding arms that could come in and get outs in any situation.”
Marcheterre, now in their 15th season with the team, said the thing he's learned over the years is to “not run out of gas” and reserve some of it for the eliminations tournament and the COBA playoff title.
“We don't discount the regular season in terms of big importance leading up to the end of the regular season,” they said. “What we recognize with our regular season is that we have to use every game to prepare.”
With just one game remaining on the schedule, the Metros are determined to show that they are not to be taken lightly. St. Catharines is fresh off a quarter-final knockout in the COBA elimination tournament and a second-place finish in the Hap Walters Invitational Tournament, where they lost in the finals to the Etobicoke Rangers by a single run.
On the season, southpaw Nick Subramaniam, 29.1 innings pitched, 1.47 ERA; and outfielder Danny Beaver, 13 GP, .521 batting average; are making an impact in their first season with the big club.
“The team has been great,” Beaver said. “At the beginning, here and there a couple of guys would show up.
“But once we all came together, it was all nice.”
The speedy outfielder was picked up by the Metros halfway through the regular season and already has 12 stolen bases.
“My speed changes my game because I can put a ball in the gap and run the bases or lay down a bunt and beat it out,” they said. “It is true that speed kills and it definitely helps in this league.”
The Metros back-to-back COBA championships in 2012 and 2013 to bring the number of league titles in their history to seven.
UK wind breaks record with 14.3GW of clean power
Image: Shutterstock
The UK has set a new wind energy record after generating 14.3GW of clean electricity for the first time ever on Saturday.
National Grid and RenewableUK said wind provided 35.7% of British power, with gas producing 20.3%, nuclear supplying 17.6%, coal generating 12.9% and 6% coming from imports.
During the ‘Beast from the East' cold snap at the beginning of March, wind supplied 29.1% of the nation's power at around 13.8GW.
RenewableUK's Executive Director Emma Pinchbeck said: “Yet again, wind is playing a key role in keeping Britain going during a cold spell.
“We're harnessing a reliable, homegrown source of power which reduces our dependence on imports to maintain the security of our energy supplies.”
Buhari needs to prove they are not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
A British politician and former military officer, Eric Stuart Joyce, has again stirred up controversy over the health of President Muhammadu Buhari. Joyce, who insisted that Buhari is dead , has now challenged the Nigerian President to prove otherwise. Writing on their website, they said: “Nigeria has an extremely capable acting president, of course, but […]
Buhari needs to prove they are not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kogi Gov denies funding recall move against Melaye
Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has denied allegations that they earmarked N1 billion for the recall of Dino Melaye, a senator representing Kogi West Senatorial district.
Bello who spoke to newsmen after a private meeting with Acting President Yemi Osinbajo called on the Nigerian Senate to check they excesses of members that have deviant tendencies so they are not all addressed as same breed.
The governor who told newsmen that they came to the Acting President on the development in their state, spoke against the background of political crisis between them and Melaye which is reported to have claimed two lives.
At the weekend, reports said Melaye's constituency had commenced the collection of Melaye's recall from the Senate.
Denying that they were funding the bid to recall Melaye from the Senate, the governor said, “That is their own figment of their imagination. The good people of Okunland and indeed west senatorial district have learnt from a bitter mistake of not taming and curbing that social deviant and they have decided to take lawful steps in recalling him.
“You see I would rather admonish Nigerians that when a child lacks proper parental care and home upbringing, they constitute social menace in the society. And if the society does not take steps to check and correct such a child, they can turn into criminal and take into criminality then it will be left to government to check such criminality. And if government does not, such a child can cause a serious embarrassment. That is what is happening in Kogi State.
“Then talking of the Senate, let me rather admonish the Senate that, that is an institution that is held in a very high esteem and I think the Senate and indeed the National Assembly is made up of men of high caliber and of high integrity and good character. I think it is necessary that, that wonderful house should as matter of urgency and as a matter of fact check any social deviant that exists within them before they could be adjudged birds of the same feather. I know they are not of the same feather.
“But sincerely speaking Kogi State is living in peace, projects are ongoing, we are all happy over there, salaries are being paid as at when due and we are making serious progress.”
Elizabeth Archibong
The post Kogi Gov denies funding recall move against Melaye appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The White House and National Rifle Association both came out in favor of reviewing regulations of bump fire stocks, the device that contributed to the deaths of 58 people in the Las Vegas mass shooting Sunday night.
“The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations,” said the NRA in a statement released Thursday afternoon, its first public comments since the shooting.
Bump stocks are modifications that enable a semiautomatic rifle to fire faster, allowing them to shoot hundreds of rounds per minute. They were originally created with the idea of making it easier for people with disabilities to shoot, but their demand has skyrocketed in the wake of the mass shooting as gun owners anticipate additional regulations on the devices. Bump stocks were found on twelve of the nearly two dozen firearms recovered from the hotel room of Las Vegas shooting suspect Stephen Paddock.
It was reported Thursday that the NRA had banned bump stocks at its own firing range in Fairfax, Va. While the NRA came out in favor of tighter regulations on bump stocks, it stopped short of voicing support for stricter gun laws across the board. In the same statement in which it endorsed the added bump-stock regulations, it also stated that banning guns would only increase crime and that Americans live in an “increasingly-dangerous world.”
A bump stock that attaches to a semi-automatic rifle to increase the firing rate is seen at Good Guys Gun Shop in Orem, Utah, on Oct. 4, 2017. (Photo: George Frey/Reuters) More
In Thursday's White House briefing, press secretary Sarah Sanders said that the administration “would like to be part of that conversation” about bump stocks, but that President Trump was a “strong supporter of the Second Amendment, and that hasn't changed.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said Thursday in an interview that bump stocks are “clearly something we need to look into.” Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., planned to introduce legislation Thursday that would ban the sale of the devices.
Republican senators John McCain of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Mike Rounds of South Dakota expressed interest in the issue to reporters.
“I'm going to wait until this report's out from the police and get all that information,” said Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, chair of the Judiciary Committee.
However, not all Republicans were in favor of the idea.
“I think people ought to follow their heart, but they ought to take their brain with them,” said Sen. John Kennedy, R-La., in an Intel;iew with Yahoo News about their opposition to bump stock changes. “This is not about bump stocks; this is about a longstanding assault against the Second Amendment.”
Liz Goodwin contributed to the reporting of this story.
Read more from Yahoo News:
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — New York's governor on Monday ordered the state attorney general to review a 2015 decision by Manhattan prosecutors to not pursue a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
The directive came just hours after Time's Up, an initiative started by a powerhouse group of Hollywood industry women to fight systemic sexual harassment, called on Gov. Andrew Cuomo to investigate.
In a statement, the group said a report in New York Magazine on the handling of the case was disturbing because it suggested the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping them
“It is critical not only that these cases are given the utmost attention but also that there is public confidence in the handling of these cases,” Cuomo said in a statement.
Scores of new allegations against Weinstein have surfaced since last fall, and both the New York Police Department and the district attorney's office have said they are working together. But no grand jury has been convened, despite police officials saying publicly they have enough evidence to bring a case. Less than two weeks ago, the police department's chief of detectives said witnesses were ready for the grand jury — but it was up to the district attorney to decide when to convene it. Prosecutors said Monday the case was still under active investigation.
Cuomo, a Democrat, asked that the review be conducted “in a way that does not interfere with the current investigation,” but added that the district attorney believes the ongoing investigation will be completed within 45 days.
The recent revelations about sexual assault and harassment pervasive in our society are most disturbing. We are leading the way forward with the nation's most comprehensive reform package. This behavior must end. https://t.co/iqZwESsZ1k — Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) March 20, 2018
The New York Magazine article centers on the case of Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. In 2015, police conducted a sting after they accused Weinstein of groping her, secretly recording Weinstein apologizing for this conduct.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. ultimately decided there was not enough proof and did not bring a case. Following criticism over the decision last year, prosecutors said police arranged the sting without their knowledge and there were other proof issues, but police pushed back saying they had presented enough evidence.
Danny Frost, a spokesperson for the district attorney's office, said the allegations in the magazine had “little resemblance to the facts. The office has an “unwavering” commitment to justice in such case and great admiration “for the courageous women and men who have brought about a long-overdue reckoning with decades of intolerable sexual abuse,” they said.
They also said the office would provide any necessary information for the review, and was confident it would find the office acted properly.
Vance and Police Commissioner James O'Neill later released a joint statement insisting the two agencies worked collaboratively to hold sexual predators accountable.
“We will continue working collaboratively and professionally to deliver just to victims of crime,” they said. “From time to time we'll have our disagreements but we will never allow them to undermine this shared endeavor.”
Weinstein's attorneys have said they deny any non-consensual sexual contact.
The Time's Up statement said a prosecution of the 2015 case could have prevented other alleged sexual assaults.
“There will only be real consequences for abusive behavior when our public officials, sworn to uphold the law, care as much about the rights of the victim as concerns for the accused.”
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they speak publicly, as Battilana Gutierrez has done.
Time's Up was created by about 300 women and includes the producer Shonda Rhimes and actores Reese Witherspoon and America Ferrera.
Hours after the governor's announcement, the Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual abuse scandal that brought down Weinstein.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Getty Image
The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the Reina nightclub massacre that claimed 39 New Year's Eve revelers' lives. The armed attack also injured at least 69 other people, several critically. 46 people remain hospitalized, and police revealed that the deceased victims hailed from 14 different countries.
Within the initial mayhem, investigators initially believed up to three gunmen fired upon police before entering the club. Authorities now say that one attacker fired up to 180 times with a long-barreled gun after evading the strong law enforcement presence near the club. Although this person is still at large, police have now arrested eight people in connection with various aspects of the plot that led to the massacre.
Turkish authorities were swift to label this as an act of terrorism, and ISIS has now stepped up to commend its “soldier” for spreading terror shortly after 2017 began. According to CNN, the group's full statement was as follows: “In continuation of the blessed operations which ISIS carries out against Turkey, a soldier of the brave caliphate attacked one of the most popular nightclubs while Christians were celebrating their holiday.” This statement arrives after the Kurdishtan Worker's Party swiftly distanced itself from the event.
This massacre stands as the third attack claimed by ISIS recently in Turkey. In December, the group also took responsibility for the murder of a Russian ambassador by an off-duty Turkish cop. Over in Germany, ISIS claimed the attack on a Berlin Christmas market that struck on the same day.
(Via BBC & CNN)
Connecticut Tango Festival, July 13-22, various locations. The Tango Festival will feature performances and classes with dancers in Danbury, Milford, Norwalk and Middletown. Tickets vary by day and location $25-$75. Info: CTTangoFest.org.
Ballet Under the Stars, July 15, 7:30 p.m., Ives Concert Park on the WCSU Westside campus, 43 Lake Ave. Danbury. The Connecticut Ballet will present Ballet under the Stars featuring Pulse by Darrell Grand Moultrie. A free onstage Ballroom Class will be offered from 6 to 7 p.m. with Ted Thomas. Tickets $10. Info: ivesconcertpark.com.
Square Dance Party, July 20, 7:30 – 9:30 p.m., Norfield Grange, 12 Good Hill Road, Weston. No experience necessary, casual dress. Suggested donation $5. Info: call 203-761-9939.
Summer Dance Party, July 21, 7-10 p.m., Ballroom Elegance Dance Studio of Westport, 627 East Post Rd., Westport. Includes a merengue lesson, dance show and appetizers. Tickets $30. Info: call 203-454-9400.
Re: Dying a good death with dignity (The St. Catharines Standard July 28)
We are blessed to have The Stabler Centre and it's oh-so-wonderful staff and volunteers. What Hospice Niagara provides our community goes way beyond those 10 beds, meeting the needs of those with a life-limiting illness - and their loved ones - with a day program, home visits, grief work, and more. Much more.
However there is a missing piece. Sadly, it denies its residents their legal right to choose medical assistance in dying (MAID). That's wrong. You see, it's their life, their choice.
Miriam Gersho,
Chair
Niagara Chapter, Dying With Dignity Canada
Greenspace being sacrificed for money
So like good boys and girls we are to share in the joyous fact that another chunk of Niagara region is going under the shovel.
Thorold Mayor Ted Luciani is ecstatic Toronto people are coming and they say “developers are wasting no time with current projects” - translation , they're slapping them up.
Greed has replaced commonsense.
The tax base is the creed of the day, politicians spout it steadily.
Wildlife, nature are not important, it's money folks, money.
Pelham, once a unique special place, has been transformed by Mayor Dave Augustyn into a predictable concrete sterile place. Wainfleet Mayor April Jeffs, along with Couns. Ted Hessels and Terry Gilmore, recently gave a 41-unit condo development the green light on property which was home to endangered Fowler toads, bald eagles, etc. Lowbanks, Fenwick, Port Robinson and Welland are all being bulldozed under.
Take note that in Niagara politicians' puff pieces there is no mention of destroying wildlife habitats, green spaces, healthy living for those of us who have paid taxes for years. No, all these shortsighted politicians continually discuss is the “tax base.”
Toronto people choose their way of life to make fortunes in the city and now like the ants running to the land of plenty the grasshopper worked so hard for, they will overtake and devour what we once were.
Forget your children and grandchildren's right to a healthy happy future, it is about the tax base.
Faye Suthons
Wainfleet
Big One!!! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President
Revered disco jockey, Olawunmi Okerayi, well known by their stage name DJ Lambo, has been announced as Choc Boi Nations' President. DJ Lambo, who happens to be an in house DJ and producer for Chocolate City, has grown in ranks to become the first DJ and female to become the president of a record label. …
The post Big One!!! DJ Lambo Announced As Choc Boi Nation New President appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PINELLAS PARK, Fla. (WFLA) – Pinellas Park police are looking to identify a suspect who is seen on video taking a package from the front door of a home.
The incident occurred Monday afternoon around 2 p.m.
The suspect is seen walking off down the street with the package, which contained a laptop computer.
Anyone with information on the identity of whereabouts of the suspect is asked to contact the Pinellas Park Police Department at 727-369-7864.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Three Clinton Police officers have been cleared of any wrongdoing in the shooting death of a suspect in November of last year, according to the District Attorney General's Office, which also said that the use of deadly force in the incident was justified.
The TBI, as is standard procedure in an officer-involved shooting, was called in by DA Dave Clark to investigate what led to the shooting death of 32-year-old Roger Raymond York, Jr. outside a home on East Drive the night of November 8th, 2017.
That evening, officers received information that York, who was wanted on parole violations, was at a home on East Drive. Three officers–Sergeant Brandon Floyd, Sgt. Mike Jones and K9 Handler Officer Matt Howell and their K9 partner–parked their patrol vehicles on a nearby street and approached the house on foot, according to the investigative summary. When the officers arrived, they knocked on the door and two of them went inside while Howell and their canine stayed outside watching the exits. In the house, Floyd and Jones found York in a bathroom, but they refused to comply with their commands to surrender and told officers they were armed with a pistol and that they would have to kill him. Howell came in to the house upon hearing the commotion.
York tried fleeing out the bathroom window, but was met by Howell's K9 partner, who took them to the ground.
According to the investigative summary, Jones and Howell tried to wrestle York into custody but they were actively resisting their efforts to cuff him, keeping their arms under their body as they fought them. York at one point briefly got to their knees and continued to ignore verbal commands to put their hands up and drop the weapon, repeatedly telling officers that they would have to kill them to take them into custody. Floyd, who had initially stayed in the house, came out into the yard and was covering the two officers with their gun drawn as they tried to subdue York, and Howell told Floyd that York was armed. Howell was able to secure York's left wrist but their right hand remained free, firing one shot from their pistol during the struggle while on the ground. Floyd asked if Howell had York under control yet and when the answer was “no,” Floyd yelled “clear” to their two partners and fired twice, striking York in the back of the head, killing him.
Immediately after the shots were fired, the officers notified dispatch and requested a supervisor come to the scene.
The TBI investigation was described as “thorough” by Clark, and included crime scene photos, autopsy results, ballistics and gunshot residue testing, a review of audio and video from the scene, witness interviews, police records reviews, scene diagramming and metal detecting.
Gunshot residue was found on York's hands, indicating they had fired their pistol.
Witnesses confirmed hearing the officers yelling at York to drop the weapon before hearing gunshots and told investigators that before police had arrived, York had stated that they knew the police were looking for him, that they would not go back to prison and that if they confronted him, they would commit suicide.
In their memo to Clinton Police Chief Rick Scarbrough last week, which was subsequently sent to the media on Monday, Clark writes “When York chose to fire their gun, they also authorized officers to use deadly force against them to protect themselves and/or others who may have been seriously injured or killed by their gunfire.”
York had a lengthy criminal history in Anderson County. None of the three officers involved nor the K9 were injured in the incident.
DALLAS — Exxon's CEO says the company can more than double its earnings by 2025 and will invest in new oil and gas production even if policymakers adopt rules to combat climate change.
Darren Woods told shareholders Wednesday that technology like biofuels will allow the company to produce energy with lower carbon emissions.
Environmentalists say Woods is offering political spin instead of solutions.
The oil giant's annual meeting in a symphony hall was a tame affair, lacking the usual number of protesters. For the first time in years, there were no environmental resolutions from activist shareholders and no fiery speeches during the open-comment period.
Woods, like their predecessor and former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said the world will need oil and gas for decades. Exxon, Woods said, is responding to that demand while investing in technology such as carbon capture and biofuels to reduce heat-trapping carbon emissions. Last week, the company promised to cut its own emissions of methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, by 15 per cent by 2020 largely by reducing leakage from natural gas wells.
“We see our role as helping close the gap between what people want and what can be responsibly done,” Woods said.
Environmentalists counter that Exxon's technology investments, some in partnership with leading universities, will not produce enough reductions to avoid the worst effects of climate change, including more bouts of severe weather.
Kathy Mulvey, a climate activist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, called Woods' comments “all PR” — public relations. They said Exxon's investments in alternative fuels and other technological breakthroughs are a pittance compared with its spending on finding more oil and gas.
“It's clear the company is banking on increased fossil-fuel production, despite being well aware of the climate risks,” they said.
The Irving, Texas-based company earned $19.7 billion last year, as rising oil prices reversed a slide in profit. Yet the shares fell 7 per cent last year and are down so far in 2018. Woods said the stock will rise as earnings improve.
Earlier this year, one of Exxon's most prominent critics, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, was forced from office by charges that they physically abused several women. Schneiderman, a Democrat, was investigating whether Exxon misled the public and investors by hiding what it knew about the link between climate change and burning oil and gas.
Schneiderman's interim replacement, Barbara Underwood, is continuing the investigation, an aide said. Voters will pick the next attorney general in November in a state where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans about 2-to-1.
Exxon tried unsuccessfully to kill the investigation in the courts. Woods said they are confident Exxon will prevail, but they have not spoken to the interim AG about the case.
“There's going to be a new election,” they told reporters. “Let's see what that election brings.”
——
David Klepper in Albany, New York, contributed to this report.
The Marconi Society, dedicated to furthering scientific achievements in communications and related technologies, announced today that optical fiber pioneer Dr. Robert Tkach has been elected Vice Chairman of the Marconi Society. Dr. Tkach is currently a member of the Board of Directors of the Marconi Society and chairs the Marconi Society Paul Baran Young Scholar section committee.
"After receiving the Marconi Prize in 2009, I really appreciated the opportunity to work with the other Fellows and with our Young Scholars to continue expanding on Marconi's ground-breaking work. I believe the first job of the Marconi Society is to keep injecting new life into its actions and thinking by welcoming innovative young researchers each year," says Dr. Tkach. "I think the Marconi Society has great potential and I am excited about working with both the Marconi Fellows and the Young Scholars to create further contributions." Read more about Dr. Tkach's thoughts on the Marconi Society.
The Marconi Society is currently supporting young researchers around the world by accepting nominations for the Paul Baran Young Scholar Award through June 30, 2017. Researchers born in 1989 or later who are doing innovative work in communications, engineering, the Internet / Internet of Things, security, wireless, machine learning and AI are encouraged to seek nomination.
In addition to their work with the Marconi Society and the Young Scholars, Dr. Tkach is highly active in the technical community.  They are Director of Advanced Photonics Research for Nokia Bell Labs and they serve as Chair of Section 7 of the National Academy of Engineering. They have been General Co-Chair of OFC, Vice-President of the Optical Internetworking Forum, Associate Editor of the Journal of Lightwave Technology and a member of the IEEE LEOS Board of Governors.
Dr. Vint Cerf, Chairman of the Marconi Society and 1998 Marconi Fellow, says, "I am so grateful that Bob has agreed to serve as the Marconi Society's Vice Chairman. I cannot think of a better partner; Bob has shown a tireless commitment to our Young Scholars and their Celestini Project, which supports aspiring scientists in developing nations."
In honor of their foundational scientific accomplishments in the field of fiber optics, and their extraordinary industry leadership, Dr. Tkach has received the Thomas Alva Edison Patent Award from the Research and Development Council of New Jersey and is a Fellow of the Optical Society of America, the IEEE, and AT&T. Dr. Tkach received the 2008 John Tyndall Award jointly sponsored by the OSA and IEEE and in 2009 was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
About the Marconi Society
Established in 1974 by the daughter of Guglielmo Marconi, the Nobel Laureate who invented radio, the Marconi Society promotes awareness of key technology and policy issues in telecommunications and the Internet, and recognizes significant individual achievements through the Marconi Prize and Young Scholar Awards. More information may be found at www.marconisociety.org. Subscribe. Follow: LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook
Russia's Artem Chernousov won a tense men's 10 metre air pistol final at the 2018 International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF) World Cup in Changwon in South Korea.
The 22-year-old started well and moved into the lead after the first ten shots thanks to a points total of 110.6.
They then built on this momentum and was eventually 4.1 points in front of the competition after 18 shots at a shooting range due to host the 52nd ISSF World Championship in September.
The match, however, suddenly turned on its head as Chernousov shot badly, meaning their lead over India's Shahzar Rizvi was cut to just 0.2 points.
The Russian recovered, though, to shoot for a score of 10.0 with their final shot - a score world record holder Rizvi failed to match- meaning.
It meant Chernousov clinched their first-ever ISSF World Cup medal by just 0.2 points with a total score of 240.0.
Bulgaria's Samuil Donkov claimed the bronze, the first ISSF World Cup medal of their career, with a total score of 217.1 point.
Italy's Mauro De Filippis won their first World Cup title in eight years in Changwon ©ISSF
The men's trap event was won by Italy's Mauro De Filippis thanks to a score of 45.
This was enough to see off competition from Jiri Liptak of the Czech Republic and Yavuz Ilnam of Turkey, who scored 42 and 34 respectively.
After securing their first ISSF World Cup gold medal in eight years, De Filippis said: "It hasn't been easy at all.
"My rivals, they were all great shooters, and we all had to face some tough weather conditions, both yesterday with the heavy rain, and today, when the wind was affecting the targets a lot.
"Now I'll go back home with great motivation."
The event is due to continue tomorrow with competitions taking place in the men's 50m rifle 3 positions, the women's 10m air pistol, the trap mixed team and the men's 25m rapid fire pistol.
Tristan Sik recovering after an intense workout at the Rainbow Beach gym with mum Carolyn Elder.
Tristan Sik recovering after an intense workout at the Rainbow Beach gym with mum Carolyn Elder. Renee Albrecht
Tristian defies the odds: Tristian Sik defies the odds.
RAINBOW Beach teenager Tristan Sik is inspiring everyone who meets him, defying the odds in their miraculous recovery.
Tristan suffered a severe brain injury when they were struck by a car while riding their push bike at Rainbow Beach last July.
The blow also broke their collarbone, pelvis, lower left leg and right eye socket.
They were airlifted to Brisbane and spent months in intensive care, where, following a number of operations, the only answers doctors could give their family was to turn off their life support. But their mother Carolyn Elder, who was at their bedside for months, refused to accept a fate they knew was not for their child.
Tristan Sik recovering after an intense workout at the Rainbow Beach gym. Renee Albrecht
Now the 14-year-old has moved back home and through intense physiotherapy and constant family care is defying medical expectations.
"Giving up was never an option," they said of their critical time in Brisbane's Lady Cilento Hospital.
RELATED: Tristan's story: 'We are hoping and praying for a miracle'
"I'm just so proud and I'm so confident that they will get there," they said.
Now at home, surrounded by their parents, three younger siblings and friends, Mrs Elder said they can safely push their limitations without the restrictions of the hospital.
"We're grateful for every day - no matter how hard it gets or how tired we are," they said.
Tristan Sik recovering after an intense workout at the Rainbow Beach gym with mum Carolyn Elder. Renee Albrecht
The former Victory College student has reached major milestones in their development including supporting their own head, initiating rolling over and walking assisted in the pool.
Tristan's physiotherapist Sue Bennett, who has worked with the teen since they left hospital, has been blown away by their patient's progress since December.
"The level of achievement that we've got in six weeks, is what you would expect in six months," they said. "He's surprising all of us."
The experienced therapist said the determined teen was functioning at a highly cognitive level, but the next 18 months of Tristan's progress are now critical for their lifelong development.
"Tristan is 100 per cent connecting with the people around him.
"He understands everything I ask of them - he's just got to learn how to do it again."
They said their incredible progress can be put down to the boy's determination, backed by their family's support.
PULLMAN, Wash. — Two reserve players have been dismissed from the No. 11 Washington State football team.
The Spokesman-Review (http://bit.ly/2xY9bdn ) reported Friday that Zaire Webb and Anthony White Jr. were dismissed after they were arrested for alleged theft from a store on Wednesday night.
Webb is a first-year student defensive back and White Jr. is a first-year student wide receiver.
Stealing is one of three violations that automatically get a player dismissed from coach Mike Leach's football team. Assaulting a woman and smoking marijuana also result in dismissal.
Webb has registered one tackle in five games this season as a defensive back. White Jr. hasn't appeared in a game this season and likely would've redshirted.
——
Information from: The Spokesman-Review, http://www.spokesperson.com
10:26 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Kashrut agency will not slaughter controversial chicken Read more Rabbi Shlomo Machpud, who heads the Yoreh Deah kashrut agency, says that they will not affix their Kashrut seal to braekel chicken. ► ◄ Last Briefs
BROOKLINE, Mass. — Residents of a Boston suburb have voted to rename the elementary school once attended by John F. Kennedy because it was named for a former slave owner.
Town meeting members in Brookline voted Tuesday 171-19 to change the name of the Edward Devotion School.
It will be known as the Coolidge Corner School, after its neighbourhood, until a new name can be approved at next spring's town meeting.
Deborah Brown, who proposed the change, said, “No child should have to walk into a school named for someone who enslaved people.”
Opponents called the name change an empty gesture that doesn't address racism's underlying causes.
Devotion, who died in 1744, left money to the town on the condition it is used for a school.
The future president attended from kindergarten through third grade.
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron hold a joint news conference at the White House celebrating the historic U.S.-France relationship and discussing ongoing issues that are priorities for both countries.
.
[*take note* The closing remark by President Trump at the end of this press conference is straight out of central casting for principle centered leadership; the art of the authentic close; Wharton School CEO leadership 401; ie. ‘How to expand your influence‘.]
Advertisements
EasyJet CEO Carolyn McCall and their staff take delivery of the airline's first A320neo.
UK low-cost carrier (LCC) easyJet has received its first Airbus A320neo, kicking off deliveries from an order for 130 of the re-engined twinjets.
With the June 14 handover, easyJet became the 25th A320neo operator. The 186-seat London Luton-based aircraft will enter commercial service June 15 and will be mixed in with the rest of easyJet's newly reconfigured 186-seat A320 fleet, which tends to serve primary airports, but will not operate any specific routes. EasyJet also operates 180-seat A320s and 156-seat A319s.
“[This aircraft] opens a new chapter in easyJet's history, it marks a milestone of our 300th [Airbus] aircraft and will significantly reduce our cost per seat that allows us to offer low fares,” easyJet CEO Carolyn McCall said, speaking at the handover ceremony in Toulouse.
The A320neo's CFM International LEAP 1A engines deliver 15% better fuel efficiency and McCall was quick to stress the significance of this efficiency gain, which they said is “relevant at any fuel price.”
“When we were talking about the neo to begin with, fuel was higher [priced] than it is today, but fuel is still the largest single cost for an airline and therefore that fuel efficiency is incredibly important for an airline, regardless of the fuel price,” they said.
The gains of the neo primarily stem from the type's engines. “Seven years ago, we committed to bringing to market an engine with 15% better efficiency than the current generation of engines. Seven years later, we did it. We have sold 12,500 LEAP engines. It would not have been a success had we not been selected by easyJet,” CFM International CEO Gaël Méheust said in Toulouse.
Alongside the efficiency gains, the LEAP-powered neo has a better environmental footprint. Since 2000, easyJet said it has cut its emissions by a third from 116g to fewer than 80g per passenger kilometer and the neo delivery means it is now setting a new goal.
“With the addition of the A320neo and A321neo, we've further planned improvements,” McCall said. “EasyJet is now setting an even tougher carbon emissions target of 72g by 2022. That's a 10% reduction from today and a 38% improvement from 2000. That target is incredibly important to easyJet and that is what we intend to achieve.”
As of March 31, easyJet operated a fleet of 266 Airbus aircraft, comprising 144 A319s and 122 A320s. The LCC has another 27 A320ceos on order, plus 100 A320neos and 30 that it recently converted to 235-seat A321neos for delivery from July 2018.
Over the last eight years, easyJet has switched its focus from the A319 to the A320. The LCC acquired two A321s when it bought GB Airways, but these were the wrong seat density, so they were phased out.
EasyJet then increased its A320 density by retrofitting its existing fleet and line fitting them on new arrivals, before opting for the A321neo. “The upgauge is a real advantage for us. We waited on the A321 [order] until the neo,” they said, adding that most of easyJet's direct rivals have already followed this path and therefore have limited gains to make.
McCall said the conversion to larger A321neos is linked with easyJet's primary airport strategy, to maximize capacity and minimize noise at slot-congested hubs. The A321neos will have similar range to easyJet's existing fleet, they said.
EasyJet has unexercised purchase rights on 100 A320neos, which can be converted to A321neos. “We are able to take more A321neos in the future under the 2013 framework agreement we have with Airbus, but we have not committed to more,” McCall said, adding the fleet plan is reviewed on a regular basis and a further update will be given at the airline's third-quarter results.
Speaking at the ceremony, Airbus CEO Tom Enders said the A321neo is a “little delayed,” but the test flights and certification work is ongoing.
To date, Airbus has delivered a total of 117 A320neos.
Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782428","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782428","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782428","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6782428","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
