April 28 Spirit Airlines Inc:
* Sees 2Q17 available seat miles up 16.7% - SEC Filing
* Sees Q2 total revenue per ASM year-over-year % change up 4.5% to 5.5%
* Sees FY17 available seat miles up 17.0% to 17.5%
* Sees FY 2017 gross capital expenditures $865 million
* Sees 2Q17 adjusted CASM ex-fuel up 3.5% to 4.5%
* Sees FY17 adjusted CASM ex-fuel flat to down 1% Source text: (bit.ly/2pbYkXT) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Punxsutawney Phil, the weather-forecasting groundhog, emerged from their burrow in Pennsylvania on Friday, saw their shadow and predicted six more weeks of winter, despite their rival Staten Island Chuck in New York predicting an early spring.
Phil's prognostication, which was delivered at about 7:20 am EST, was met with a mix of cheers and groans from thousands of revelers on Friday who gathered in the town of Punxsutawney about 80 miles (120 km) northeast of Pittsburgh.
Even though they have endured record-breaking freezing temperatures and an unusually powerful winter storm known as a “bomb cyclone,” North Americans should expect winter to stretch on, according to the furry Pennsylvania critter.
But another celebrated groundhog, Chuck in the New York City borough of Staten Island, did not see their shadow on Friday and instead predicted an early spring. Chuck is known for biting then-Mayor Michael Bloomberg during the ceremony in 2009.
Slideshow (10 Images)
According to legend, if the groundhog emerges from their dwelling and sees their shadow, six more weeks of winter should be expected. But if there is no shadow, spring will make an early arrival.
Groundhogs, portly animals belonging to the squirrel family, have been offering weather predictions in Punxsutawney, which has a population of about 6,000 people, since 1887.
The town's annual Groundhog Day event, made more popular by the 1993 comedy film “Groundhog Day” starring Bill Murray, draws people from as far away as Australia and Russia. This year was the 132nd ceremony.
Canada has its own share of weather-forecasting mascots, including Wiarton Willie, an albino groundhog who is also due to make their spring prediction on Friday in southern Ontario.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
House Majority Whip, several others shot at congressional baseball practice
Close House Minority Whip Steve Scalise
House Minority Whip Steve Scalise
Filed under National
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) was shot at a Republican congressional baseball practice Wednesday morning by a gunman who appeared to have targeted members of Congress.
Police in Alexandria, Va., located just outside of Washington, D.C., said they were investigating a “multiple shooting” and a suspect was in custody.
Five wounded people, including the suspect, were taken to area hospitals for treatment, the police said. Scalise, 51, the third-ranking Republican in the House, was shot in the hip and was in stable condition, undergoing surgery, according to a statement issued by their office.
Advertisement
Two police officers and two or three congressional staff members were among the wounded, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky said on CNN.
The shooter “was going after elected officials,” Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) told CNN from the scene of the shooting. At least a couple of dozen members of Congress were present for the early morning baseball practice, which was in preparation for an annual charity baseball game.
The location of the practice field and the fact that members of Congress were using it was well known in the area, Brooks noted.
One person, not a member of Congress, was shot in the chest and appeared to be the most seriously wounded, Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) told reporters.
The House cancelled all votes for the day.
According to witnesses, batting practice was just ending when a man dressed in casual running clothes, later identified as the shooter, approached and started chatting with lawmakers, according to a person familiar with the investigation, who spoke on condition of anonymity to comment on an open investigation.
The practice field is an open and community-friendly spot, and it's not uncommon for visitors to stop by. Many lawmakers were near the dugout area when the man approached them.
Shortly afterward, the man began shooting. It's unclear if they were armed when they first approached the lawmakers or if they retrieved their weapon, a rifle, afterward.
The gunman, a white man with dark hair and wearing a blue shirt, could be seen standing with a rifle as they began shooting, Flake said. “Fifty would be an understatement,” they added, referring to the number of shots.
Scalise was standing on second base, fielding balls during batting practice when the shooting began, Flake said.
“We climbed into the dugout” to shelter and treat the wounded, Flake said.
Police returned fire, and “when we heard the shooter was down,” they and others ran onto the field to help Scalise until medics arrived, Flake said.
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown said their officers arrived on the scene within two to three minutes and engaged the shooter.
Matthew Verderosa, chief of the U.S. Capitol Police, said police were interviewing multiple witnesses on the scene.
Paul was taking a final run when they heard the first shot. Then many more rang out.
If police had not been at the scene “it would have been a massacre,” they said. “As terrible as it is, it could have been a lot worse.”
The members of Congress “practice 20 or 30 times” over a period of several weeks before the game, Paul said.
Paul said they heard perhaps 50 to 60 shots, which they said sounded like they were coming from an AR-15 or similar rifle.
Capitol Police officers were present as part of a security detail because Scalise, a member of the congressional leadership, was there.
“We were really lucky that they were there,” Paul said.
The charity ballgame, played off and on since 1909, pits Democrats against Republicans in a friendly rivalry. The game is sponsored by the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call and raises money for three Washington-area charities. It is scheduled to take place Thursday evening at the Washington Nationals ballpark before a few thousand Capitol Hill staff members, lobbyists and other members of Congress.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer tweeted that President Trump was aware of the shooting.
Trump tweeted that Scalise, “a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.”
___
(c)2017 Tribune Co.
Visit Tribune Co. at www.latimes.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Advertisement
April 20 Kansas City Southern-
* Kansas City Southern de Mexico files response to the investigating authority of the mexican federal competition commission preliminary report on effective competition in the mexican railway freight system
* Kansas City Southern - filed its arguments and evidence with mexican federal competition commission challenging March 15, 2017 preliminary report Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
European Council President Donald Tusk arrives at a news conference after receiving British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS The chairperson of the European Union's leaders, Donald Tusk, will go to Poland on April 19 to testify before a prosecutor as a witness in an investigation Poland has launched against two former military counter-intelligence chiefs.
"I can confirm that President Tusk, despite their legal immunity, will participate in the hearing on 19 April," Tusk's spokesperson said.
Tusk is summoned as a witness and is not a defendant in the case.
The investigation is to establish if the two officials had all the necessary approvals, including from Tusk, who was then Poland's prime minister, to establish cooperation with Russian intelligence on withdrawing NATO forces from Afghanistan.
Poland has contributed troops to the mission, which has used Russia's transit hub of Ulyanovsk to bring people and equipment in and out of Afghanistan.
(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Alison Williams)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
What exactly do the words solidarity and allyship mean? How can allies effectively show support without detracting from marginalized voices and groups? Do the “intentions” of allies ever matter? Can allyship be a form of identity?
On campus, I'm part of many social and political organizations. We often discuss challenging and crucial questions surrounding privilege, power and oppression. Oftentimes, questions about solidarity and allyship are particularly and understandably fraught. Allyship and solidarity mean different things to different people.
Here's what I think about these tensions.
Simply put, an ally is someone who uses their relative privilege to advocate for marginalized people. Obviously, anyone can just fashion themselves as an ally and not engage in any meaningful work to assist marginalized communities. In other words, performative political actions can be disguised as “allyship.” This is irritating at best and pernicious at worst. There aren't any definitive ways to be a good ally. However, it typically begins with genuinely listening to marginalized voices, recognizing constructive criticism and being aware of the complex dynamics of organizing.
Some allies may conceptualize their political actions/orientations as a form of identity. This is unsurprising because the term allyship is increasing in popularity. I don't view it in such a way. I think it's merely a title that's bestowed upon you by the group you are purporting to help. Also, allies can easily separate themselves from the structural problems faced by certain groups.
People cling onto the idea of allyship as a way to build solidarity. This is especially important when it comes to dismantling oppressive structures. However, allyship does have a tendency to veer into condescension and self-congratulation. I'm skeptical of white-liberal allyship in particular. How can someone who clearly benefits from your struggles in a white supremacist society even be considered an ally? This isn't to say that white people cannot sincerely work with black folks to confront racism. I'm just interrogating the usefulness of allyship as a framework to understanding oppression because the word “individual” is at the heart of solidarity. And issues of oppression are very much beyond the individual.
Soccer Football - Paris St Germain Training - Ooredoo training camp, Saint-Germain-en-Laye near Paris, France - August 11, 2017 PSG's Neymar, Dani Alves and Thiago Silva during training
PARIS (Reuters) - Brazil forward Neymar will make their Ligue 1 debut on Sunday after being named in Paris St Germain's line-up at En Avant Guingamp.
Neymar was transferred from Barcelona this month after PSG triggered their 222-million-euro (201.6 million pounds) release clause.
PSG tweeted a picture of Neymar's shirt and shorts from the dressing room, saying "Everything is in place #neymarJrpremiere".
Neymar was not allowed to play at home against Amiens last weekend because the French federation had not received their transfer certificate from their Spanish counterparts.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CRESTLINE, Ohio - A teacher and an aide at an Ohio school are on leave after a video was recorded of a 7-year-old child with autism being dragged through the school hallways.
It happened back in May, after Corbin Kemle had reportedly misbehaved in the school playground.
Crestline Schools Superintendent Noreen Mullins told WJW that the kindergarten teacher and the aide, seen in the video dragging the boy, have both been on paid administrative leave since the incident. The Crawford County Prosecutor's Office will not pursue felony charges against them, but the two may still face disciplinary measures.
Corbin's mom, Bonnie McKean, posted surveillance video of what happened on their Facebook page this week.
"I am still in shock," McKean told WJW. "They dragged him. It makes me ill."
The surveillance video shows the child being dragged into the school and through some of the school's hallways. The video has over 90,000 views.
McKean plans to pursue charges in municipal court and is also considering a civil suit.
Another mother in the school district, Tiffiny Ellenberger, has video of their 11-year-old son allegedly being assaulted by a Crestline school custodian in the cafeteria in May. Mullins said the custodian has since retired. A misdemeanor assault charge was filed against that employee. Their case was turned over to a court diversion program.
Mullins said all three employees did not have any prior problems. They said they were concerned when they saw the video of both incidents.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2mLRatT
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2mLFPtL
By John Kemp
LONDON, March 28 Progress towards oil-market rebalancing and the need for an extension of production cuts by OPEC and non-OPEC countries has become the most contentious issue in the oil market.
"We believe that the rebalancing of the oil market is in fact making progress despite the record high U.S. crude inventories," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a note to clients on Sunday.
Goldman expects oil stocks in the OECD to fall to the five-year average in terms of demand cover by the end of 2017, even if OPEC brings production back online in the second half.
Goldman projects crude prices will move into backwardation and an extension of the cuts would exacerbate the feared shortfall in supplies. ("Data dependent OPEC unwise to let the stock draws run hot", Goldman Sachs, March 26)
The bank says an extension would not be warranted and would ultimately be self-defeating if it pushed prices towards $65 per barrel and caused an even-faster recovery in oil drilling.
Goldman is one of the most influential banks in the oil market and among the hedge-fund community so the view of its respected research team carries considerable weight.
But the bank's confidence in rebalancing during the second half of 2017 without an extension of the production deal puts it in a minority.
Most traders have become much less sure the market will enter a persistent period of undersupply with a sharp reduction in oil inventories.
Brent calendar spreads for the six months between June and December have weakened sharply over the last four weeks (tmsnrt.rs/2mLRatT).
The calendar spread between June and December has shifted from a backwardation of 21 cents on Feb. 21 to a contango of 92 cents on March 27.
Contango is generally associated with a well-supplied market and high and/or increasing stocks, while backwardation is associated with an undersupplied market and low and/or falling stocks.
The calendar spread for the second half of 2017 is now trading at the widest contango since OPEC's deal was announced on Nov. 30.
The weakening of the spreads has not been concentrated in any particular month, with price differentials easing for every month during the second half (tmsnrt.rs/2mLFPtL).
The spreads have become the prime battleground for hedge funds and other traders betting on the timing and speed of oil market rebalancing.
Brent and WTI spreads seem to have attracted heavy interest from some big players in the market at the end of 2016 and the first two months of 2017.
But after a selloff that started after Feb. 21, the current Brent futures price structure is in something of a no-man's land.
Calendar spreads are barely wide enough to finance high levels of stocks through until the end of December but do not point to a fast draw down in stockpiles either.
From recent movements in the futures curve, many oil traders appear to believe the cuts need to be extended, and are unsure if that will happen, or if it will be enough.
If Goldman is right, however, the calendar spread for the second half of 2017 is currently undervalued and should strengthen significantly, so it presents a good buying opportunity.
If Goldman is wrong, and stocks remain high with or without an extension of the agreement, then most of the inter-month spreads are likely to weaken further as they near maturity to enable the stocks to be carried. (Editing by Susan Fenton)
LATEST: What was initially reported as a stabbing is now being reported as a bike riding accident, with a man transferred to hospital with a serious chest wound.
john mccutcheon
The man was transported from outside the Buderim Lakeshore Community Church of Christ this morning after they received a "puncture" to their chest and a large loss of blood.
Queensland Ambulance Service operations supervisor Brian Hughes could not confirm whether the injury was caused from a stabbing.
john mccutcheon
However, police said the victim told officers they fell off their bike, causing the injury and did not want to make a complaint.
Police said the victim was not interested in talking to police about the matter.
john mccutcheon
They were taken to the Sunshine Coast University Hospital.
Their friends on the scene, a male and female, would not comment to media however appeared to be smiling and laughing while talking to paramedics.
The scene outside a Buderim church where a man was reported to have been stabbed. john mccutcheon
UPDATE: A MAN has suffered a serious chest wound and massive blood loss, flying into a panic as paramedics tried to treat their injuries in a Sunshine Coast street.
Friends made a frantic phone call from Lakeshore Ave, Buderim at 10.24am, with inital reports the man had been stabbed in the chest.
Queensland Ambulance Service operations supervisor Brian Hughes said the 32-year-old male victim's anxiety drove them into a meltdown as paramedics arrived, but they were able to calm them enough to treat the "puncture" wound.
The man has been taken to the Sunshine Coast University Hospital in a stable condition, and Mr Hughes said their injuries were not life threatening.
Paramedics have not been able to confirm whether the incident was a stabbing.
Photos View Photo Gallery
UPDATE: Paramedics are assessing the injuries of a man reportedly stabbed in a Sunshine Coast street, just hours after the area swelled with crowds for the Anzac Day march.
The stabbing was reported at 10.24am at Lakeshore Ave, Buderim.
Three other men and a woman are also at the scene speaking to police, and The Daily understands the four are friends of the man.
Residents heard one of the friends in a frantic phone call in a nearby park after the stabbing.
Four ambulance crews and one police unit are now on the scene.
BREAKING: Police and paramedics are arriving at the scene of a reported stabbing outside a Sunshine Coast home.
A 000 caller reported the stabbing from a property at Lakeshore Ave, Buderim at 10.24am.
More to come.
Sterling wobbled and UK and Irish stock benchmarks fell on Monday morning after UK prime minister Theresa May announced a snap election to take place in June, arguing it is the only way to secure stability ahead of Brexit.
Sterling fell from 0.845p against the euro to 0.851p after the leader of the UK's Conservative Party made the announcement outside No 10 Downing Street at around 11am, before recovering the ground again within minutes. The reaction was similar in sterling trading against the US dollar.
However, the FTSE extended its losses to fall by as much as 1.3 per cent to 7,234 as investors digested the news, while the Iseq index in Dublin dipped by 0.3 per cent.
“The Conservatives are currently around 20 percentage points ahead of Labour in the opinion polls, so the election would very likely see an increased Tory majority, in turn increasing the likelihood of Brexit, according to Mrs May's plans,” said Chris Hare, an economist with Investec in London.
“Although leaving the [European] single market is priced in, one possible upside for sterling markets is the notion of Brexit taking place with less opposition/less confusion. But clearly, it is early days and the looming vote could well cause market volatility in the weeks to come.”
News of the UK election has added to European markets volatility on Tuesday, as investors also monitor the standoff over North Korea's nuclear weapons programme and the first-round vote this weekend in the French presidential election.
The First Whistle is the perfect web resource for anyone who is interested in improving their sports results.
To reach a professional athlete level, you will need to train a lot, know all the tricks as well as possess the right equipment for your body. For example, if you are preparing for a running marathon, you will need special running shoes not only to achieve that fitness level when you can run continuously for 26 miles, but also to achieve it without ruining your joints and legs. The same principle applies to all sports, especially by those that are more focused on skills and not only on fitness level. For example, in basketball is important to be fit, but it is more important to know how to overtake your opponents and when to shoot for the goal or pass the ball to one of your teammates. If you are a new basketball player, then you will wish to know which equipment you should buy, which one deserves your money and will help you in the endeavor to become better, what tricks you should focus on learning and many more.
Fortunately, for people like you the website The First Whistle was created. It will help you and any other athlete to make the first steps into becoming a professional or even world record holder sportsman. The First Whistle will provide you information on the tips and tricks you must learn to improve your performance. These tricks will not just look cool, they are efficient in the game to defeat your opponent, you just need to learn to implement them. Furthermore, The First Whistle will provide the much-needed basketball reviews on various products. Like most of us, you probably cannot afford to buy all the merchandise and find the most that will fit you and has the best quality. The First Whistle will offer you comprehensive reviews for a large range of products, such as basketball socks, shoes, ankle supports and braces, knee sleeves, hoops for children and much more. If you want a comprehensive guide for all basketball related products, then The First Whistle is perfect for you.
The First Whistle is the first site that focuses on helping basketball newcomers.
About The First Whistle:
The First Whistle was created to help new and average basketball players to improve their game. It provides tips on how to improve your own game and reviews on various related basketball merchandise.
Contact:
Company Name: The First Whistle
E-mail: media@thefirstwhistle.com
Contact Person: Luke Greenway
Full Address: 758A Mohr Fairway, East Jeraldbury, NSW 2668
Phone #: +61 491 570 156
Website: https://thefirstwhistle.com
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
COLOMBO, April 6 The Sri Lankan rupee ended slightly weaker in dull trade on Thursday as it surrendered early gains due to importer dollar demand in the latter part of trade, outpacing inward remittances and exporter greenback sales ahead of the festival session, dealers said.
The central bank on Wednesday cut the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.60, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing at 152.60/70 per dollar, from Wednesday's close of 152.50/65.
"Market was very light. There was not much activity. There was some demand (for dollar) in the latter part of the day," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14, dealers said.
The central bank raised interest rates by 25 basis points on March 24, for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
The rate hike was expected to help stabilise the rupee as rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have exerted pressure on the currency, analysts said.
Foreign investors net sold government securities worth 950 million rupees ($6.26 million) in the week ended March 29. They have net sold 64.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but they did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with them last weekend as they were leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that they plan to remain with the Falcons for the rest of their career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on their future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured their coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get them back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using their rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, they had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — their fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, they had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond they have with their favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and they feel good , like they do right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
FILE PHOTO: People inspect the damage at a site hit by airstrikes in the rebel-held city of Idlib, Syria February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
BEIRUT Syrian or Russian warplanes dropped incendiary bombs on areas of Idlib and Hama provinces just days after a deadly gas attack in the region, activists and a monitoring group reported on Monday.
Moscow and the Syrian army were not immediately available for comment.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Russian jets had used an incendiary substance called thermite in bombs they dropped over the towns of Saraqeb in Idlib and al-Latamenah in Hama, further south, on Saturday and Sunday.
A rescue worker in Saraqeb said warplanes had dropped phosphorus bombs there, but they had not heard of the use of thermite. They said use of phosphorus was not a new development.
"It's normal, these are often used," said Laith Abdullah of the Syrian Civil Defence, also known as the White Helmets, a rescue group working in rebel-held areas.
Videos posted on social media purportedly from Saraqeb on Sunday showed flaming materials hitting the ground and spreading large fires.
The Observatory said thermite had first been used in the Syrian conflict in June 2016 by the Syrian government.
The bombings came after the United States launched cruise missiles at an air base in western Syria on Friday. The missile strike was a response to what Washington said was a gas attack by Syrian warplanes in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in southern Idlib that killed scores.
Syria denies using chemical substances and denies it carried out the attack.
The Observatory reported Syrian warplanes took off from the same air base less than a day after the U.S. attack and carried out air strikes on rebel-held areas.
(Reporting by John Davison, editing by Larry King)
FILE PHOTO: Members from the pro-democracy Civic Party carry a portrait of Gui Minhai (L) and Lee Bo during a protest outside the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong, China January 19, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
STOCKHOLM A bookseller detained in China for publishing books on the personal lives of President Xi Jinping and other Communist Party leaders has won a prize for free speech and press freedom awarded by a Swedish media organisation.
Gui Minhai is one of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in 2015 and later appeared in mainland Chinese custody. The four others have returned to Hong Kong.
Awarding them the annual Anna Politkovskaya Memorial Prize, Publicistklubben said Gui had "despite personal risk ... shown great courage as a publisher and challenged the narrow-mined political agenda of the Chinese regime".
The arrest of the five men prompted fears Beijing may be eroding the "one country, two systems" formula under which Hong Kong has been governed as a special administrative region since its return to China from British rule in 1997.
Publicistklubben said Gui, a Chinese-born Swede, was abducted in Thailand while on holiday and their family did not know where they were being held.
"I am glad that this prize will focus attention on my father's situation," the prize givers quoted their Swedish daughter, Angela Gui, as saying.
"Hopefully, more attention ... can lead to more information on their situation and health and that (he) will be treated better."
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang, asked about the award, said they had "no interest" in commenting on what non-governmental groups got up to, and that they had no idea about the prize. They did not comment further.
China has said its law enforcement officials have done nothing illegal with regard to Gui.
The prize is named after Anna Politkovskaya, a Ukrainian journalist best known for reporting on human rights violations in Chechnya who was murdered in Moscow in 2006.
(Reporting by Simon Johnson; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by John Stonestreet)
DORTMUND, Germany, April 12 Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said their team felt ignored by the football authorities after being made to play AS Monaco in the Champions League on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after an attack on their bus.
The quarter-final first leg at home to AS Monaco was postponed on Tuesday after three explosions went off near the Dortmund bus as it made its way to the stadium, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
The match was immediately rescheduled for Wednesday and Monaco ran out 3-2 winners in what turned out to be a pulsating encounter.
UEFA said it made the decision after consulting both teams, however Tuchel said they and their players were not asked.
"We weren't asked at any point. We were told by text message that the decision had been made in Switzerland," they said in post-match interviews. "When they told us 'you're up tomorrow', we felt completely ignored."
"We would have liked more time to take stock," they added. "This gives you the feeling of impotence, that we have to keep functioning and nothing else matters.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world." (Reporting by Ed Dove and Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
(Repeats earlier story for wider readership with no change to text.)
By Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng
BEIJING, April 10 China's state oil refiners have been granted a combined 1.315 million tonnes of quotas to export refined fuel under so-called general trade terms, three sources familiar with the matter said on Monday.
These permits, mostly for diesel and gasoline, were in addition to the 3.335 million tonnes of quotas allotted to the refiners under a separate, so-called processing trade category, after Beijing agreed to grant tax incentives to exports under general trade terms.
The general-trade quotas were issued in early March with PetroChina receiving 1 million tonnes and Sinopec Corp 300,000 tonnes, said two of the three sources familiar with the companies' quotas.
CNOOC, which holds less refining capacity, won a quota for 15,000 tonnes as an "experiment", said the third source, who has direct knowledge of CNOOC's trade operations.
These were the second batch of general trade quotas for 2017. In early 2017, PetroChina was the only refiner granted a quota for 600,000 tonnes, said one of the sources.
At the end of March, China also issued its second batch of quotas for 2017 under the prevailing processing, or tolling, rules, lowering the volumes by 73 percent compared to the first round.
State refiners applied for the general trade quotas after the government agreed in late 2016 to grant tax incentives on fuel exports making the terms more attractive since it offers refiners greater flexibility in the volumes and time frames for exporting fuel, said the three sources who are familiar with the rules.
Top Asian refiner Sinopec said on Friday it exported a diesel cargo to Singapore under the general trade rules for the first time in 13 years.
PetroChina did not win any quotas under the recent round of processing trade quotas, Reuters has reported.
The sources said PetroChina, which imports less crude than rival Sinopec, did not apply for the processing trade quotas but only asked for general trade ones since it see those terms as more attractive.
State oil firms normally do not comment on operational matters.
Under the processing rules, refiners are exempted from import taxes on crude oil and export taxes for oil products, but have a fixed volume and time slots to export, both under the tight scrutiny of Chinese customs, Beijing-based oil traders have said.
Under the general trade category, refiners get tax refunds after exports are completed or get a tax waiver on fuel exports, a policy that Beijing granted in 2016, the three sources said.
(Reporting by Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng in Beijing, Jessica Jaganathan in Singapore; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
NASHVILLE — Abdul Lewis and Anthony Tarke scored 27 each on Saturday and NJIT closed the game with 14 straight points for an 81-77 win over Lipscomb.
Lewis set a career high in points and grabbed 13 rebounds for the Highlanders (12-12, 5-4 Atlantic Sun). Tarke tied a career high and made 5 of 10 from 3-point range.
NJIT trailed 77-67 when Tarke hit a 3-pointer with three minutes left to spark the game-ending run. Lewis fed Shyquan Gibbs for a layup on the next trip down the court and finished their own 3-point play on the next to cut the deficit to two.
Lewis drew a charging call that fouled out Garrison Mathews, Lipscomb's leading scorer, with 1:06 left and they kicked it out to Tarke for the go-ahead 3 that made it 78-77 with 51 seconds left.
JGBs rise on cues from U.S. Treasuries; BOJ awaited
TOKYO, June 15 Japanese government bonds firmed on Thursday, taking cues from U.S. Treasuries as investors await Bank of Japan's meeting later this week.
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v Manchester United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 9/4/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates Reuters / Russell Cheyne Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v Manchester United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 9/4/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates scoring their first goal with Ander Herrera Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v Manchester United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 9/4/17 Sunderland's Jermain Defoe in action with Manchester United's Eric Bailly Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v Manchester United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 9/4/17 Sunderland's Jermain Defoe in action with Manchester United's Daley Blind Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
SUNDERLAND 0 MANCHESTER UNITED 3
Manchester United put a spate of recent draws behind them to boost their top-four hopes with a routine 3-0 victory at bottom club Sunderland to move fifth in the Premier League on Sunday.
Once again it was veteran Swede Zlatan Ibrahimovic who provided the inspiration for Jose Mourinho's side, scoring the opener and setting up a late goal for Marcus Rashford.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan was also on target while Sunderland had Seb Larsson sent off shortly before halftime.
Six draws in their last nine league games had eroded United's hopes of a top-four finish and victory over Sunderland was imperative if they were to stay in touch.
They were frustrated for 30 minutes but once Ibrahimovic produced a clinical finish for their 28th goal of the season in all competitions they were untroubled.
"The result was good. We resisted the results of yesterday when Manchester City and Liverpool won, they left us in a position of 'yes' or 'no'. It was 'yes'," Mourinho, whose side moved above Arsenal and are four points behind Manchester City with a game in hand, told Sky Sport.
"We got three points and it was a solid display. It was against a team that is sad, it's normal. Against a team that is sad, if you score before then it's difficult for them to react.
"You could feel the negative feeling around the team. That is felt with a team close to relegation."
Sunderland have gone seven league games without scoring and with seven games remaining they are 10 points adrift of safety and seemingly doomed to relegation.
Manager Davis Moyes said Larsson's red card for going in on high on Ander Herrera had killed the game.
"I don't want to blame referees for my position and us losing," they said. "Today the result was helped by the referee.
"Manchester United were playing well but it was a decision that went against us."
United took the lead at a sun-drenched Stadium of Light when Ibrahimovic, receiving the ball with their back to goal, shook off their marker and buried a low 20-metre shot past Jordan Pickford.
Victor Anichebe went close to an equaliser but their close-range effort was blocked by United keeper Sergio Romero who was starting in place of the injured David de Gea.
Any Sunderland hope disappeared with Larsson's red card and 46 seconds after the break Mkhitaryan fired past Pickford.
In the 89th minute Ibrahimovic combined with substitute Rashford who beat Pickford with a cross-shot for their first league goal since September.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
MADRID Lionel Messi scored their 500th Barcelona goal with the last kick of the game to snatch a stunning 3-2 win at Real Madrid and put the two teams level on points at the top of La Liga on Sunday.
James Rodriguez appeared to have rescued a point for the hosts with an 86th-minute strike to make it 2-2 after goals by Messi and Ivan Rakitic had overturned Casemiro's opener.
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos was sent off for a two-footed lunge on Messi in the 77th minute and that left Barcelona in a strong position, until Rodriguez fired home at the near post.
But Messi's second goal in the final minute of added time earned Barça a vital win in the title race that leaves both sides with 75 points, although Madrid have a game in hand.
“We are first now but Madrid have an extra game," said Barcelona coach Luis Enrique. "It will be tight down till the end. We got the result we came here for.
“This is a season that weighs (on us) like five. So many things have happened, good things, not so good things, things I've already forgotten.
"The 2-2 (goal) was a terrible blow but players were able to come back in the last breath -- the happy ending that we all wanted at Barcelona.”
The match was a thriller which will go down as one of the best Clasicos in history, with end-to-end action from the off.
Cristiano Ronaldo was furious when Samuel Umtiti tripped them in the box and referee Alejandro Jose Hernandez waved away their appeal, but Barcelona were complaining afterwards when Marcelo got away with an elbow on Messi.
The Argentine came in for harsh treatment throughout, with Casemiro lucky not to be sent off for multiple hacks on them after picking up an early booking for a foul.
The Brazilian opened the scoring for Madrid in the 28th minute, tapping home at the back post after Ramos had fired Marcelo's cross against the post.
Five minutes later Barcelona were level and it was Messi who finished it, dancing away from Dani Carvajal and slotting the ball beyond Keylor Navas.
Gareth Bale went off injured towards the end of the first half and was replaced by Marco Asensio. The youngster set up Ronaldo in the second period but the Portugal international blasted over from close range.
Rakitic made them pay with a long-range strike that flew beyond Navas and then Ramos was dismissed as they lunged in on Messi recklessly.
Rodriguez levelled the score after they reached Marcelo's near-post cross but Messi had the final say, blowing the title race wide open.
Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane said their team were still in control and the result would not upset their title charge.
“Nothing changes now. Maybe after today the league will be more open,” they said. “But we still depend on ourselves."
(Editing by Ken Ferris and Clare Fallon)
* Q3 net profit 236.5 bln yen vs 296.4 bln in year-ago qtr
* Keeps full-year net profit guidance at 950 bln yen
* MUFG's profit drop comes after earnings rises at SMFG, Mizuho (Adds details of results)
By Taiga Uranaka
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's largest lender Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG) posted a 20 percent drop in quarterly profit due to a surge in costs related to its overseas growth push, diverging from its two closest rivals who saw their profits rise.
MUFG, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group - Japan's top-three banks - are suffering diminishing profits in their domestic banking business, hurt by persistently low interest rates amid the Bank of Japan's massive monetary stimulus measures.
To offset that, the Japanese lenders have aggressively looked overseas for growth, with MUFG taking the lead. That expansion has raised costs at the lender.
MUFG posted a net profit of 236.5 billion yen ($2.16 billion) for the October-December period, its smallest profit in three quarters, according to a Reuters calculation. MUFG and other Japanese banks only disclosed nine-month cumulative figures.
The No.1 Japanese lender said on Friday its expense ratio for the nine months ended in December rose to 67.3 percent from 63.7 percent in the year earlier period. Its operating costs rose 6.5 percent during October-December from the year-ago period, a Reuters calculation shows.
The bank has taken steps to contain costs. MUFG CEO Nobuyuki Hirano has launched a drive to become more efficient at home and overseas, including setting up a back-office centre in the Philippines and targeting headcount reduction of 6,000 by the year starting in April 2023.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group earlier this week reported quarterly profit rises after hefty gains in their stock portfolios.
MUFG already holds stakes in Vietnam's VietinBank, Thailand's Bank of Ayudhya and Security Bank Corp of the Philippines.
In December, MUFG said it had agreed with Temasek Holdings , Singapore's state investment arm, to buy 73.8 percent of Indonesia's fifth-largest bank in three stages, adding that eventually it wants to make it wholly owned.
For the full year through March, the Japanese bank kept its net profit forecast of 950 billion yen, up 2.5 percent from the previous year and below an average estimate of 1.01 trillion yen in a poll of 14 analysts by Thomson Reuters. ($1 = 109.7000 yen) (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Christchurch residents are remarking the smoke cloud filling the skies of Christchurch is the biggest they've ever seen in the city.
The smoke cloud seen from the Christchurch suburb of Bishopdale, around 19km from the Port Hills. Source: 1 NEWS
A Bishopdale resident said the cloud could be seen looming above the hills from the intersection of Wairakei Rd and Breens Rd - around 19km from the Port Hills in a north-west suburb.
"It was hard to believe the cloud was a smoke cloud and not a normal cloud," they said.
"It seemed unreal."
Another local posted on Twitter that the height of the smoke cloud was "pretty sickening".
Smoke above Christchurch seen on a satellite image provided by NASA. Source: NASA Worldview
Smoke was also seen above Christchurch in a satellite image provided by NASA.
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Russian central bank said on Friday it expected gross domestic product to grow by between 1.0 percent and 1.5 percent in the first half of 2018. (Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Maria Kiselyova; Editing by Christian Lowe)
JERUSALEM British private equity fund Apax Partners [APAX.UL] is close to finalising a deal to buy Israel-based Syneron Medical (ELOS.O), an aesthetic device company, for about $500 million (£399 million), Israeli media reported on Sunday.
One of the reports, carried by financial newspaper Calcalist, said the deal could close as early as this week and that Apax would pay a 37 percent premium. Syneron has a market capitalisation of $366 million.
A spokesperson for Apax in Israel would not comment on the report, and officials at Syneron were not reachable for comment.
Syneron says its products have a range of applications, like body contouring, hair removal and wrinkle reduction. The products are sold under two brands, Syneron and Candela.
The two companies were reported in February to have entered negotiations.
(Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch)
You simply start drawing your best version of a pizza, or house, or dog, or birthday cake and the algorithms try to figure out what it is that you're trying to draw. It then tries to match your squiggles with drawings in its database, and if it finds any possible matches, it'll show them in a list at the top of your virtual canvas. If you like one of those options, you simply click on it and AutoDraw replaces your amateurish creation with something a bit slicker. — techcrunch.com
The new AutoDraw tool is part of Google's A.I. Experiments sandbox and pairs machine learning with artist drawings from a growing, crowd-sourced library. "AutoDraw's suggestion tool uses the same technology used in QuickDraw, to guess what you're trying to draw," states the tool's About page. "Right now, it can guess hundreds of drawings and we look forward to adding more over time."
While simplicity and intuitive accessibility are the striking features of this early version, AutoDraw—and a universe of variations—show a lot of potential for architectural sketching and prototyping.
JAKARTA, March 29 Indonesia's state-owned miner Aneka Tambang (Antam) has been granted an initial approval to export up to 2.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the next 12 months, a mining ministry official said on Wednesday.
Indonesia was the world's top nickel ore exporter before it imposed a ban on unprocessed nickel ore exports in 2014 in a bid to encourage miners and customers to invest in a domestic processing industry.
This year, however, the country relaxed the ban to allow companies that had built or were planning to build smelters to export low-grade nickel ore under certain conditions.
Indonesia's ore export ban has supported nickel prices and a resumption of its shipments could hurt prices of the metal.
"In terms of administration it's OK. Now all that's left is for it to be signed by the director general," Mineral Enterprise Director Bambang Susigit said.
Earlier, Susigit told domestic media that the amount was less than the 6 million tonnes of nickel ore exports that Antam had requested, in accordance with the company's existing capacity to process low-grade nickel ore at its smelters. They also said that feasibility studies for the company's smelter developments needed to be independently verified.
A spokesperson for Antam said the company was still waiting for the recommendation to be officially issued by the mining ministry, and declined to comment further.
Antam said in February it had stockpiles of an estimated 5 million wet metric tonnes of low-grade nickel ore that was ready to ship.
Antam shares gained around 3.5 percent on Wednesday, while the broader Jakarta Composite Index that closed up 0.93 percent.
Benchmark three-month nickel futures on the London Metals Exchange were down around 0.25 percent to $9,970 per tonne at 10.35 GMT. (Reporting by Wilda Asmarini; Writing by Fergus Jensen; Editing by Mark Potter)
Former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos (C) is seen after dropping out their presidential campaign in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
Pins of former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos are seen after dropping out their presidential campaign, in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
Former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos (C) is hugged after dropping out their presidential campaign, in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
Former President of Chile and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos gestures after dropping out their presidential campaign in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
Former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos gives a thumbs up after dropping out their presidential campaign, in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
An afternoon edition of a newspaper, with its frontpage with former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos, is seen after Lagos dropped out their presidential campaign, in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
Former Chile's president and center-left presidential candidate Ricardo Lagos is seen after dropping out their presidential campaign, in Santiago, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
SANTIAGO Centre-left Chilean presidential candidate Carolina Goic cast doubt on Monday on the possibility of participating in a primary round, heightening the chance of a fractured left heading into the South American nation's November election.
Earlier on Monday, moderate leftist candidate Ricardo Lagos, who had been struggling with low poll numbers, dropped out of the race after Chile's powerful Socialist Party endorsed leftist independent Alejandro Guillier.
The candidates to the left of centre with measurable support who remain in Chile's presidential race are Guillier, Goic and Beatriz Sanchez of the hard-left Frente Amplio coalition.
For the past 27 years, leftists in Chile have maintained a broad alliance and have held primaries representing a wide range of views.
However, the most recent iteration of that alliance, known as the Nueva Mayoria, has begun fracturing as its various factions have become increasingly critical of one another.
Of the three remaining candidates on the left, Guillier is by far the most popular, with 23 percent of the vote, while Goic and Sanchez both have 2 percent, according to a recent survey by Chilean pollster Adimark.
The favourite for Chile's more unified right, conservative ex-President Sebastian Pinera, is ahead of all other rivals with 27 percent of the vote.
"After Lagos dropped out... without doubt I consider the idea of a primary much more difficult," Goic told reporters on Monday, adding that a final decision would be made at a Christian Democratic Party (DC) meeting on April 29.
Many members of the DC have already promoted the idea of skipping the Nueva Mayoria's primaries, set to take place in July. Many say frontrunner Guillier is too far to the left to represent their interests.
Damage from infighting on the left will be limited by the fact that a candidate must win 50 percent of the popular vote to avoid a runoff. But, analysts say, the lack of a unified front will hurt the left on the campaign trail.
"The electorate of the DC will not vote for Guillier in the first round," ex-Congresswoman and prominent Christian Democrat Mariana Aylwin wrote on Twitter. "It's the end of the Nueva Mayoria."
(Reporting by Gram Slattery; Editing by Dan Grebler)
The biggest concern for IT decision-makers is losing control over IoT devices, according to a new survey.
Forty-eight percent of firms polled in a recent survey have experienced at least one IoT security breach. Results from the survey, conducted by Altman Vilandrie & Company, were released this week, and show that while IoT security breaches cost companies a fortune, investing more on IoT security upfront can save a firm later.
According to the survey, which polled 500 IT executives across 19 different industries, companies with revenues under $5 million annually hit by an IoT breach expected it to cost them 13.4 percent of their total revenue. For companies with revenues above $2 billion annually, they estimate one IoT breach to cost them more than $20 million.
The biggest concern for IT decision-makers is losing control over IoT devices, but traditional cybersecurity concerns like preventing breaches of customer information and company data persist. Typically IoT devices are designed with security as an afterthought, so it puts more pressure on IT to ensure that the proper security is in place, particularly in a multi-cloud environment which comes with its own set of security concerns.
“While traditional cybersecurity has grabbed the nation's attention, IoT security has been somewhat under the radar, even for some companies that have a lot to lose through a breach,” Altman Vilandrie & Company Director Stefan Bewley, co-director of the survey said in a statement. “IoT attacks expose companies to the loss of data and services and can render connected devices dangerous to customers, employees and the public at large. The potential vulnerabilities for firms of all sizes will continue to grow as more devices become Internet dependent.”
Companies said that when looking for an IoT security solution, cost is not a primary decision driver, instead weighting IoT security provider reputation and product quality as more important. Companies that have not experienced a security breach have invested 65 percent more on IoT security than those who have been breached.
“We see it being critical for security providers to build a strong brand and reputation in the IoT security space. There are lots of providers developing innovative solutions, but when it comes to purchasing decisions, buyers are looking for a brand and product they trust,” said Altman Vilandrie & Company Principal Ryan Dean, who co-directed the survey. “Price is a secondary concern that buyers tend to evaluate after they have narrowed their options down to a few strong security solutions.”
Forty-three percent of IT decision-makers have a standalone budget for IoT security, and 74 percent of firms centralize IoT security decisions for the entire organization.
Connor Hellebuyck made 25 saves for Winnipeg.
AVALANCHE 2, PENGUINS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Jonathan Bernier stopped 39 shots and Mark Barberio scored in the third period, helping Colorado top Pittsburgh.
Blake Comeau added an empty-netter against their former team as Colorado won its second straight after a string of six losses in seven games. It was Comeau's seventh of the season.
Barberio put the Avalanche ahead to stay 6:17 into the third. Their slap shot off the rush hit Pittsburgh forward Riley Sheahan in front and got past goaltender Tristan Jarry.
Bernier was on track for their second shutout of the season before Phil Kessel scored their team-best 15th goal for Pittsburgh at 19:48. Bernier beat the Penguins for just the second time in 10 career games.
Kessel has points in 25 of 32 games this season and eight straight home games, their longest streak since joining the Penguins.
Pittsburgh lost for the third time in four games following a four-game winning streak.
STARS 2, RANGERS 1, SO
Jason Spezza scored in the shootout, and Dallas snapped a three-game losing streak by defeating New York.
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division. Julius Honka scored in the second period.
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when they tipped in Brady Skjei's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation. Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the Stars goalie was well outside the blue paint. Coach Ken Hitchcock challenged the play, but the referees ruled there was no goaltender interference.
Honka drove a slap shot past Ondrej Pavelec at 6:30 of the second for their first of the season. The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games.
Pavelec finished with 44 saves, keeping New York in the game.
PANTHERS 2, RED WINGS 1, OT
DETROIT (AP) — Mike Matheson scored their first goal of the season, and Florida beat Detroit to win in overtime for the first time this season.
Matheson drove the rebound of a Nick Bjugstad shot into the net behind Detroit goalie Jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of overtime for the winner. Florida improved to 1-2 in OT, rallying from a 1-0 third-period deficit.
Vincent Trocheck also scored for the Panthers, while Henrik Zetterberg scored for the Wings, who are 0-5 in overtime.
Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 mark of the first period.
By The Associated Press
Paul Bradley of Gemalto
What was your first job?
Paul Bradley: As a student growing up in Dublin, my first job was working in AOL technical support for the UK customer base. I often found myself advising people to “turn things on and off again” and helping customers with their modems; getting them online.
I was fortunate because most students work at Burger King and McDonald's part-time, but I managed to join an exciting tech company, which was perfect for me.
What led you into a career in telecoms?
Paul Bradley: I was a converted computer science graduate. During my fourth year, I worked on a project in collaboration with a travel software company, which involved developing early methods for putting plane tickets on to a smart card in the days before eTickets. Schlumberger Smart Cards & Terminals, as part of Gemalto was then known, found out about my project and invited me for an interview.
These were the days of GSM being developed, so it was really exciting to be offered the chance to work on the company's SIM range at such a pivotal moment. Of course, Gemalto's numerous acquisitions have shifted the business away from smart card technology, which was my initial focus, and towards securing all digital interactions (locally and in the cloud).
Without naming and shaming, tell us about your worst ever boss
Paul Bradley: Well, I wouldn't want to name and shame, but I enjoy working under supportive, hard-working, and reliable leaders, who plan activities well and give clear direction. I tend to dislike management styles that are disorganised and chaotic. Someone who regularly cancels at the last minute and disappears for long periods isn't really for me!
What has been your most memorable business travel experience?
Paul Bradley: That would have to be my trip to Rio de Janeiro for a training session, back when I was running customer training courses. I managed to visit the Copacabana and Sugarloaf Mountain, which was amazing. The place was so much fun and the people very accommodating; the experience really stands out in my memory. What's more, Air France upgraded me to first class on the way back (that hasn't happened since)! Overall, a fantastic trip.
What has been the proudest moment in your career so far?
Paul Bradley: There have been a lot of proud moments. Back in 2001/2002, I was really excited to work with Hutchison, helping them to launch the world's first 3G network and manage interoperability testing. I was involved in a similar role at Verizon, getting LTE projects off the ground.
However, my proudest moment would be working on the SoftCard joint venture in 2012. Throughout my career, my dream has been to store various credentials – transport, payments, telecoms – on a single secure element, and this project marked its fruition.
While it didn't fly commercially, we succeeded in making this multi-purpose secure vault a reality, enabling people to transmit coupon, loyalty card and payment information in a single tap. Other wallets still don't have these features!
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Paul Bradley: I'm currently in a strategy role, which I enjoy. I work with various product lines and solution owners, leveraging their portfolios to build a secure 5G digital society, while influencing the industry through standardisation to achieve that goal. However, I do miss the day-to-day management of customers in a field role, so in a few years I'd like to look after a sales team and get really stuck in!
Comment on this article below or via Twitter: @ VanillaPlus OR @jcvplus
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
AUSTIN, Texas — Deep into the fourth quarter and leading by 30 points, No. 8 Texas was still applying full-court pressure to No. 22 TCU, turning the ball over for more easy baskets.
Perhaps still stinging from an upset loss at TCU a few weeks ago, the Longhorns seemed to be sending the message that the balance of power in the Big 12 hasn't turned yet.
Ariel Atkins and Brooke McCarty each scored 16 points as Texas cruised to a 92-65 win Saturday. It gave the Longhorns sole possession of second place in the league and kept them within striking distance of conference leader Baylor.
"I thought our team was pretty special today, in a lot of ways. Lots of energy," Texas coach Karen Aston said.
That energy exploded in the first quarter when Texas raced to a 27-4 lead that swamped the Horned Frogs and never let them back in the game. Atkins made three early 3-pointers and Texas' swarming pressure defence forced seven turnovers in the first period. The Longhorns also blocked seven shots in the first half.
"This is a conference if you aren't ready to go, it can get out of reach really quick," TCU coach Raegen Pebley said. "The same kind of thing happened to Texas at Baylor where it got out of hand quick. That happened to us today."
Texas led 50-24 at halftime and stretched the lead as high as 36 in the third quarter, even as Aston emptied their bench and used multiple lineups on the court. McCarty scored in double figures for the fourth time in six games and last season's Big 12 player of the year seems to have fully shaken off a mid-season slump that saw them scoring nearly disappear.
Texas outrebounded TCU 44-28 and scored 21 points off of TCU turnovers. In the first matchup, TCU made 9 of 11 3-pointers, but was 5-of-19 Saturday.
"We knew if we came out and played hard on defence, we would get those stops. We fed off that," McCarty said.
Lauren Heard scored 18 points for TCU (16-6, 7-4), which hasn't beaten a ranked opponent on the road since 2008.
LONDON Britain's Supreme Court has denied the tobacco industry permission to appeal a new plain packaging law, meaning that from next month, as planned, all tobacco products sold in the United Kingdom will have dark brown packaging and no branding.
The decision, announced by the court on Wednesday, is in line with an earlier decision made last year that dismissed appeals brought by British American Tobacco (BATS.L), Japan Tobacco International and Imperial Brands (IMB.L).
The companies had argued that the law, which went into effect last May with a one-year grace period for existing inventory to be phased out, unlawfully deprived them of intellectual property by banning the use of all marketing on packages, including logos, colours and special fonts.
In its latest decision, the Supreme Court said the refusal to hear the appeal was based on the fact that it did not "raise a point of law of general public importance which ought to be considered at this time, bearing in mind that the case has already been the subject of judicial decision and reviewed on appeal."
Officials at BAT and Japan Tobacco International were not immediately available for comment.
The new law aims to discourage the deadly habit with drab-coloured packaging and large pictorial health warnings.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller, editing by Louise Heavens)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
LONDON, March 30 Booker, the British wholesaler that in January agreed to be taken over by Tesco for 3.7 billion pounds ($4.60 billion), said on Thursday sales growth had eased in its fourth quarter, with tobacco sales dented by a display ban and plain packaging restrictions.
The firm, which supplies the Budgens, Londis, Happy Shopper and Premier convenience chains and also operates cash and carry business Makro, said group sales rose 0.5 percent in the 12 weeks to March 24, while like-for-like sales were up 0.7 percent.
That compares to like-for-like sales growth of 3.2 percent in the previous quarter.
Booker also faced tougher year-on-year comparative numbers in the fourth quarter, while Easter also falls later this year.
Prior to the update, analysts' average forecast was for a pretax profit of 171.3 million pounds ($212.9 million) for the 2016-17 year, up from 150.8 million pounds in 2015-16, according to Reuters data.
Booker said it is currently going through the competition process relating to Tesco's offer, announced on Jan. 27.
It said it will not be making forward looking statements for the duration of the offer period. ($1 = 0.8044 pounds) (Reporting by James Davey, editing by David Evans)
JAKARTA Indonesian police arrested five people, including a Muslim leader, for suspected treason on Friday, signalling a clampdown on hardline Islamist groups that have agitated against Jakarta's Christian governor ahead of a mid-April election in the capital.The arrests came just before thousands of Muslims gathered to demand the sacking of Governor Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, who is on trial for blasphemy over accusations they insulted the Islamic holy book, the Koran.
Friday's rally was the latest in a series that have tested religious and ethnic tolerance in Indonesia, a secular nation with the world's largest Muslim population.
Vice President Jusuf Kalla called on the protesters to respect the legal process and said they would not be allowed to dictate the agenda.
"No matter how much pressure there is, we will not follow it. The government is firm against this kind of pressure," Kalla said in an interview with Reuters, referring to the rallies.
"Wait for the court's final decision (on Purnama)," they said.
Purnama, who is running against a Muslim candidate in the April 19 election, is backed by President Joko Widodo's ruling party. The sudden rise of fringe, hardline Muslim groups during the election campaign has raised questions about whether they are being used as political pawns and destabilising Indonesia.
The race to lead Jakarta is widely seen as a proxy battle for the presidency, which will likely be contested by Widodo and retired general Prabowo Subianto, who is backing Purnama's rival for the governorship of the capital.
Police have moved to contain mass anti-Purnama protests led by hardline groups like the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI) by detaining organizers and blocking Islamist propaganda online.
The movement's most prominent leader, Habib Rizeiq, was in January named a suspect amid allegations that they insulted the secular state ideology. They face up to four years in prison if found guilty.
On Friday, Jakarta police spokesperson Argo Yuwono said that five people had been arrested, including Muhammad Al Khaththath, a leader of the Islamic People's Forum (FUI), another hardline group that organised Friday's rally.
"We are charging them with conspiring to commit treason," Yuwono told broadcaster TVOne.
"There were several findings, including a plan to occupy the Indonesian parliament."
Thousands of protesters, clad in white and carrying anti-Purnama signs, gathered at Jakarta's grand mosque as police and military personnel blocked off roads leading to the presidential palace.
An estimated 20,000 people from various groups were expected to attend, police said this week, far fewer than the numbers seen at previous rallies.
Purnama, Jakarta's first ethnic Chinese Christian governor, remains popular for their efforts to cut red tape and ease the city's chronic traffic congestion and flooding. However, they face a tight race with rival Anies Baswedan, a former education minister.
(Editing by Ed Davies and Paul Tait)
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City's Willy Caballero and Sergio Aguero at the end of the match Reuters / Darren Staples Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola and Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola and Gabriel Jesus at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City's Willy Caballero with manager Pep Guardiola at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola Manchester United's Ander Herrera at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus scores but it is later disallowed for offside Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City's Pablo Zabaleta in action with Manchester United's Anthony Martial as Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho looks on Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini looks dejected after being sent off Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini after being sent off with manager Jose Mourinho and fourth official Neil Swarbrick Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus scores but it is later disallowed for offside Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester City v Manchester United - Premier League - Etihad Stadium - 27/4/17 Manchester United's Marouane Fellaini with Manchester City's Sergio Aguero after being sent off by referee Martin Atkinson Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
MANCHESTER, England Manchester United held on for a goalless draw in a feisty derby with Manchester City after midfielder Marouane Fellaini was sent off for a headbutt in the Premier League clash at the Etihad Stadium on Thursday.
The Belgian was dismissed when, moments after being booked for a foul on Sergio Aguero, they tripped the Argentine and then, in clear view of referee Martin Atkinson, confronted them by pushing their forehead towards the City forward who fell.
City, who dominated most of the game, thought they had a late winner when Brazilian striker Gabriel Jesus, on as a late substitute for their first appearance since being injured in February, headed home from close range but was offside.
The result leaves City in fourth place, still a point - and a place - ahead of their local rivals in the race for a top-four finish and Champions League qualifying spot, and extends United's unbeaten run to 24 league games.
It was a frantic end to what had been a disappointing derby with injury-ravaged United largely restricted to trying to limit City's forward movement and Pep Guardiola's team unable to turn dominance with the ball into clear-cut opportunities.
The best chance for the home side came early. Striker Aguero, a pre-match injury doubt, should have opened the scoring in the ninth minute, missing a great chance when they turned a low Kevin De Bruyne cross against the post from close range.
City were on top in midfield but defensive frailties, which have hampered them this season, were evident in the 25th when Claudio Bravo flapped at a cross, palming the ball into the path of Henrikh Mkhitaryan before keeping out the Armenian's shot.
HOME PRESSURE
The home pressure increased as the half progressed. De Bruyne's low shot was pushed away by David De Gea at the near post, Aguero forced a fine save from the Spaniard and Raheem Sterling blasted hurriedly over from a promising position.
United should, however, have reached halftime with the lead after City's defence somehow left Ander Herrera unmarked as Marcus Rashford whipped in a free-kick from the left but the Spanish midfielder could not get their header on target.
City remained on top after the break, attacking and shooting on sight, with the effervescent De Bruyne finding the side-netting with a low angled strike in the 58th minute.
Guardiola was forced to change their goalkeeper in the 80th minute when Bravo pulled up with a calf injury and was carried off on a stretcher to be replaced by Willy Caballero.
Then came Fellaini's minute of madness, as they lost their cool and left the referee with no alternative but to send them off.
Sensing the chance of a late winner against 10-man United, Guardiola brought on Brazilian striker Gabriel Jesus, who has not played since breaking a metatarsal in their foot against Bournemouth on Feb. 13.
The move almost paid off when Jesus, who had been roared onto the field, superbly angled a header past De Gea from an Aguero cross and raced off in celebration.
But the effort was rightly ruled out for offside, leaving City frustrated and United a little relieved.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)
TRANI, Italy An Italian court acquitted credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's and five of its former and current managers of market manipulation charges relating to past downgrades of the country's sovereign debt, a judge said on Thursday.
Ratings agencies have come under fire in Italy for cutting ratings in 2011 and 2012, piling on further pressure after financial and political jitters sent borrowing costs soaring.
Judge Giulia Pavese read the ruling in a courtroom in the city of Trani, in southern Italy, where they also announced the acquittal of an analyst at competitor Fitch in a parallel case.
Trani prosecutors alleged that agency reports and ratings moves on Italy and its banking system were mismanaged during the debt crisis, provoking sharp losses on Milan's stock market.
Prosecutor Michele Ruggero had sought jail sentences of between two and three years and fines of up to 500,000 euros ($536,900) for the officials, and a 4.6 million euro fine for the agency.
"We did everything we could. Now we will wait to read the court's reasons for the verdict and decide whether to appeal or not," Ruggero said on Thursday. Italian courts usually explain their reasoning within 90 days after issuing a verdict.
S&P, which had maintained that none of the accusations were backed up by proof, welcomed the acquittal, saying it and its employees had "now been granted the justice they deserve".
Fitch said it was pleased by the acquittal of former analyst David Riley, which came almost a year after a Milan judge dropped a case against the agency's Italy unit and its country head.
"We have always believed that this case was without merit," Fitch said in an emailed statement.
The investigation into S&P, Fitch and fellow agency Moody's was launched in January 2012, after complaints from consumer associations. The case against Moody's was dropped later that year. ($1 = 0.9313 euros)
(Reporting by Francesca Landini, Sara Rossi and Vincenzo Damiani, writing by Agnieszka Flak and Isla Binnie Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
PYEONGCHANG, Korea, Republic Of — The International Olympic Committee says it will review the cases of 15 Russian athletes ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in the light of a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said Saturday: "Those 15 names will be given to the invitation review panel."
Adams said "our decision will come before the games start (on Friday)" and that "we reserve our right to review and appeal the CAS decision."
The CAS ruling on Thursday overturned the doping bans on 28 Russian athletes, citing insufficient evidence. Russia said it wants to send 15 of the 28 to Pyeongchang, including gold medal-winning skeleton slider Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medallist Alexander Legkov.
April 5 Total Energy Services Inc:
* Total Energy Services Inc announces acquisition of shares of Savanna Energy Services Corp on the tsx
* Purchased 110,000 Savanna shares on April 5 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
James McAvoy's mother has passed away.
The 38-year-old actor has been left devastated after they found out that their mum Liz Johnstone had sadly passed away at the age of 59 in the council flat they grew up in along with their sister Joy in Glasgow, Scotland, following years of ill-health.
A local source told Daily Record newspaper: "Liz had health troubles and faced up to them as well as possible but it meant they really kept themselves to herself.
"She had no desire to change their lives on the back of their fame. They wished to stay in Drumchapel and that's what they did.
"She never ever held any airs and graces about James and Joy being on TV or in movies and they would play it down. But they were very proud of them both.
"Her parents have always been just the same and never wanted any fuss. They were proud of their grandchildren as any other grandparents would be.
"They are extremely nice and down to earth people and that probably helped keep James fairly grounded despite their big success."
Although they were close with their mother, James was raised by their grandparents after Liz and their dad James Snr decided to split up when they were seven years old.
The 'Split' actor lost contact with their dad after the separation but James Snr believes they "took it hard" because they always longed for their parents to get back together.
In 2008, James Snr told the Daily Mail newspaper: "I think James still had hopes of me and their mum sorting things out.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BRIEF-Optibiotix enters supply agreement for LPLDL capsules with HLH Biopharma GmbH
* Entered into a three year supply agreement with HLH Biopharma Vertriebs GmBH covering supply of LPLDL Capsules Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
John Stamos has got married.
The 54-year-old actor and their partner Caitlin McHugh - who is pregnant with their first child - tied the knot in an intimate afternoon ceremony at the Little Brown Church in Studio City on Saturday (03.02.18), before returning to their home in Beverly Hills for an outdoor reception.
The 'Fuller House' actor looked smart in a black tuxedo, while their 31-year-old bride donned a traditional white full-skirted ballgown.
But the couple's celebrations didn't go entirely smoothly as it was previously revealed Caitlin had been robbed of $165,000 worth of jewellery on Friday (02.02.18).
The actor had returned to their bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel to discover someone had broken in and taken the accessories, which were on loan from the Neil Lane collection.
Police are investigating and sources revealed there was no sign of forced entry.
John immediately rushed over to the hotel to comfort their partner.
The actor proposed to Caitlin in October and announced the happy news on social media.
They posted an illustrated picture of a couple embracing at Disneyland on their Twitter account and they captioned the image: "I asked...she said yes! ...And we lived happily ever after [ring emoji] (sic)"
And the excited dad-to-be previously revealed they have "always" wanted to be a father but was worried they had left it too late.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
(Adds context)
ABUJA, April 5 Nigeria's cabinet has approved $1.3 billion of loans from international lenders to fund the newly licensed Development Bank of Nigeria, the finance minister said on Wednesday.
The bank aims to support small businesses with loans of varying lengths at lower interest rates than are now available as the country contends with its first recession in 25 years.
The finance ministry has previously said that 50 percent of the gross domestic product in Africa's largest economy is made up of small companies.
The loan money is made up of $500 million from the World Bank, $450 million from the African Development Bank, $200 million from German state bank KfW and $130 million from France's state development agency, said Kemi Adeosun, Nigeria's finance minister.
The loan facility is still subject to approval by the National Assembly, they said.
Last week, the central bank approved the development bank's licence. (Reporting by Felix Onuah; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Larry King)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
CARACAS Venezuelans in poor areas blocked streets and lit fires during scattered protests across the country on Tuesday night, and two people were killed during the growing unrest in the midst of a crippling economic crisis.
In a worrying sign for leftist President Nicolas Maduro, groups in Caracas' traditionally pro-government hillside slums and low-income neighborhoods took to the streets, witnesses and opposition lawmakers reported.
Maduro foes were galvanized by footage of a crowd in the south-eastern Bolivar state heckling and throwing objects at the closely-protected leader during a rally on Tuesday, before state television cut off the broadcast.
In the western Lara state, two people, aged 13 and 36, were killed during unrest on Tuesday, the state prosecutor's office said in a statement. Lara's opposition governor Henri Falcon blamed violence on "infiltrators" and "delinquents" who roamed on motorcycles after an energy blackout.
"They go by neighborhoods and shoot people who are protesting," said Falcon, a former member of the ruling party, urging a negotiation to end Venezuela's political crisis.
The opposition says Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader who took office four years ago, has morphed into a dictator after a Supreme Court decision in late March to assume the functions of the opposition-led congress.
The court quickly overturned the most controversial part of its decision, but the move breathed new life into the fractured opposition movement.
Two young men had already been killed in protests during the last week, according to authorities. Many are bracing for further violence in a country that is racked by crime and has one of the world's highest murder rates.
Witnesses said residents of a number of working-class Caracas neighborhoods blocked streets with trash or burning debris on Tuesday night, describing confused street melees and clashes with security forces. The capital appeared calm on Wednesday, although some roads were charred and littered with broken glass.
Government officials did not provide an official account of the events, and the Information Ministry did not respond to an email seeking comment.
Maduro has said that under a veneer of pacifism, a U.S.-backed right-wing opposition is encouraging violent protests in a bid to topple their government and get its hands on Venezuela's oil wealth.
On Wednesday night, they said the heckling incident a day earlier in the city of San Felix was an opposition attempt to "ambush" them that was thwarted by their loyalists.
"They had prepared an ambush and the people neutralized it," they said. "I want to thank the people of San Felix for their expressions of fervor, passion, love and support."
"MADURO DICTATOR"
Maduro's adversaries are demanding the government call delayed state elections, which polls suggest would not go well for the ruling Socialists. They also want an early presidential vote after authorities quashed a recall referendum against Maduro last year.
A ban on opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding office for 15 years drew broad criticism as they were seen as the opposition's best presidential hope.
But it is Venezuela's extended economic crisis that has ordinary people fuming.
Venezuelans have been suffering food and medicine shortages for months, leading many to skip meals or go without crucial treatment. Lines of hundreds form in front of supermarkets as people jostle for hours under the hot sun hoping price-controlled rice or flour will be delivered.
The crisis has especially hurt the poor, long the base of support of Maduro and their predecessor the late Hugo Chavez.
Protesters say they have also been encouraged by stronger condemnation from American and European nations in the last two weeks.
"We cannot accept that the regime is willing to sacrifice Venezuelan lives to remain in power," said Luis Almagro, the head of the Organization of American States, in a video posted on Wednesday, urging elections.
Another round of protests are planned for Thursday in Venezuela's more than 300 municipalities. Opposition leaders are calling for the "mother of all marches" on April 19.
ARRESTS, LOOTING
Amid what the opposition coalition says is a crackdown on dissent, some 71 people were arrested on Tuesday, according to rights group Penal Forum.
In total, 364 people were arrested between April 4-12 during the most sustained protests since 2014, with 183 people still behind bars, the group added.
A group of young men and teenagers were arrested for throwing "sharp objects" against Maduro's vehicle on Tuesday night, according to a report by a local National Guard division seen by Reuters. Two sources told Reuters the protesters were hurling stones.
Local media reported lootings overnight in the working class bedroom community of Guarenas outside Caracas, as well as in parts of the capital.
State officials have tweeted images and videos of demonstrators vandalizing public property and throwing rocks at police.
Despite the spiking tensions, many in the opposition worry extended protests will not spur early or fair elections, but rather increase clashes in the already turbulent country.
Major anti-government protests in 2014 eventually floundered, though the opposition at the time did not have as clear-cut demands, poor neighborhoods largely abstained, and the economy was in better shape.
(Additional reporting by Eyanir Chinea, Brian Ellsworth, Diego Ore, Miguel Angel Sulbaran, Liamar Ramos, Maria Ramirez, Deisy Buitrago and Mircely Guanipa; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Andrew Hay and Michael Perry)
Soccer-Eriksson's Shenzhen demise signalled in verse
HONG KONG, June 14 Chinese second division side Shenzhen FC have published a poem on their website to welcome the return of Wang Baoshan as head coach, a move that appeared to signal the end of Sven-Goran Eriksson's tenure.
Contact
Annabell Matt
1-844-835-4754
***@instohelp.com Annabell Matt1-844-835-4754
End
--Lenovo laptops are the best laptops when you consider the performance of these laptops. They are higly admired among the users for the latest technology and the sleeker designs with lesser price.The laptops that are used in the companies are the devices that need to format their hard drive frequently in case any virus or spyware attack them.So in case you have a lenovo laptop and you want to format it then you are on to the right place since below written are the steps that would tell the whole process to format the laptop:• First of all you need to open plug the computer into an ac outlet, and then you need to turn it in, so for that press F11 button on the lenovo screen to reload the rescue and recovery• After that you need to read the license agreement and then you need to click on the continue button• Then select the fullstore option from the menu• After that you need to click on the continue button, followed by clicking on the next button on the product recovery screen• Here you need to select the option of I accept the terms and agreement• And then press next button, followed by clicking on the yes to format the laptop and recover the system to its factory settings.For any other query feel free to call the lenovo technical support phone number.For any support visit http://www.instohelp.com/ lenovo-technical- support
KAZAN, Russia — Four years after Brazil's humiliation at its home World Cup, Thiago Silva is back to their best in Russia, a country where their then-burgeoning career was almost tragically cut short years ago.
The 33-year-old Brazil centre back — who is nicknamed "O Monstro" for their exceptional physical abilities — is probably playing in their final World Cup, and they have been enjoying a perfect tournament so far.
While forward Neymar attracted negative comments for their antics on the field, Silva has been irreproachable. The captain arguably has been the best centre back of the tournament, alongside Uruguay captain Diego Godin.
Like Uruguay, Brazil has conceded only one goal in Russia so far, from a set piece in its opening 1-1 draw with Switzerland . And the Selecao's rivals have managed only five shots on target in their four matches against the five-time champions.
Silva has been playing a key role in helping Brazil achieve those impressive statistics, anchoring the defence with authority and class. During the 2-0 win against Mexico that guaranteed Brazil advanced to the quarterfinals for the seventh consecutive time, Silva was decisive both in the air and on the ground, blocked several shots and made two clearances.
"It's a huge joy to be doing an excellent cup and to be growing with every game," Silva said. "I'm happy about my performance, and the performance of the team."
Happiness and joy have been hard to come by during some stretches of Silva's career.
The native of Rio de Janeiro went through hard times after Brazil's 7-1 loss to Germany at the last World Cup. Silva did not play in that game because they were suspended, but they were harshly criticized and branded a cry baby for their emotional outbursts as they were pictured in tears before a penalty shootout against Chile in the round of 16.
After the tournament, they were stripped of the team's captaincy by new coach Dunga, then left off the regular roster after the 2015 Copa America. They returned from exile in September 2016 for World Cup qualifiers after being called up by Dunga's successor, Tite.
Those professional ups and downs are nothing compared to the ordeal Silva went through back in 2005, when they spent about six months in a Moscow hospital after they contracted tuberculosis. Regarded at the time as one of the world's most promising defenders, Silva had been sent on loan from Porto to Dynamo Moscow alongside several teammates.
April 6 CBOE Holdings Inc
* March total adv for options was 6.9 million versus 5.8 million
* March total volume for options was 159.4 million contracts, up 25.8 percent
* March total volume for U.S equities matched was 30.47 billion shares, down 14.2 percent
* Q1 average RPC for index options and futures expected to be slightly lower than amounts for two-months ended Feb 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 28 ICICI Bank Ltd:
* ICICI Bank partners with Truecaller to launch a UPI based mobile payment service Source text:
ICICI Bank, India's largest private sector bank by consolidated assets today announced its partnership with Truecaller, a leading Swedish communication company and India's third most used app to power a new UPI based mobile payment service. Christened 'Truecaller Pay', it will allow millions of users of the app in the country to instantly create a UPI id, send money to any UPI id or a mobile number registered with the BHIM app. It will also enable users to recharge their mobile number from within the Truecaller app itself.
Further company coverage:
MADRID The case for four interest rate hikes in the United States this year is not yet solid and would require a stronger lift in inflation, Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Charles Evans said at an event in Madrid.
Evans said they saw three rate hikes in 2017 as "plausible", but added that two or four increases were also a possibility.
"I don't see the data, I don't have the confidence," Evans said, asked whether there was a strong case for a fourth rate hike. "If I thought that I was inclined to four rate hikes for 2017 I would presumably be seeing a much stronger lift in inflation, I think it would be accompanied by a meaningful increase in long term inflation expectations."
Evans did not detail when they thought the Fed would start trimming its balance sheet, but said there was a discussion around not just when but also what the pace of the asset roll-offs should be.
"My own view is that we will get to the point where we are going (...) to start reducing the balance sheet and we should convey a sense that it is going to run off in a pretty disciplined, well-understood, perhaps controlled fashion," Evans said.
(Reporting by Sarah White and Jesus Aguado, Editing by Julien Toyer)
"Architecture and design can mitigate climate impact while simultaneously reducing operating costs for building owners," says AIA President Thomas Vonier, FAIA, in a recently-released press statement issued in conjunction with Earth Day. ”We need the federal government to keep and even expand incentives that are already producing major advances in energy efficient design and cutting the carbon footprint of buildings."
The statement continues with eight principles geared towards how architects can mitigate the worst effects of climate change. It urges government bodies to act to conserve energy and reduce carbon emissions. It also notes the huge expansion of jobs (2.1 million from 2011-2014) and economic growth (more than $167 billion in GDP from 2011-2014) that's already accompanied energy-conscious construction:
The principles are:
(Adds more)
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries said 47 companies in the salmon industry had applied for new licences for around 2 percent production growth (in those production zones which are allowed to grow)
* Norway's salmon companies apply for new licences under new “traffic light” system for nok 948 million
* New licences give potential annual production increase of 7,897 tonnes, which is around 95 percent of growth offered
* The new growth system was launched by the government in 2017 and deadline for applications was January 31 2018
* Later in 2018 there will be a second round of awards and this time under auctions
* The auctions will take place during spring 2018 (while the awards of 7,897 tonnes was made under fixed prices)
* Known as the “traffic light” system, the new regulation uses a red, green and yellow colour coding system to identify which regions are allowed to grow based on environmental factors such as the prevalence of sea lice
* In addition to the new licences the Norwegian salmon companies has potential to increase production in existing production facilities and total growth in 2018 is expected around 9 percent, the Norwegian Seafood Council has predicted earlier Source text: here (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen)
* France wants 3,200 cyber soldiers by 2019
* Fears major attacks on infrastructure
* Annual exercise aims to unearth special talents
By Marine Pennetier
CESSON-SAVIGNE, France, April 5 Huddled around their computers, two dozen French 20-somethings have been typing away feverishly for seven hours. Their objective is clear. Eliminate a virus crippling the systems of a government environmental agency.
"Mission accomplished! They have done what they were asked to do. Analyse, identify and then develop a code that wipes it out," says Patrice, a French military officer testing potential recruits at a cyber defence centre in western France.
The exercise was one of dozens held across the country between March 20 and 31, involving 240 people from 12 elite technology colleges, part of a plan to create an army of talented cyber spies to counter digital destabilisation efforts.
Officials want them to be ready to face cyberwarfare that could target civil infrastructure such as water, electricity, telecommunications and transport.
They will also be expected to protect French democracy itself, amid allegations that Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Cyber defence has become one of France's national security priorities as states like Russia, China and Iran, criminal groups and even some allies sharpen their own digital abilities.
"The threats will grow. The frequency and sophistication of attacks is increasing without respite," Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said in December after unveiling the army's new cyber operational command.
"The next challenge in cyber defence will not just be detecting the attacks, but to continue our military operations amid a cyberattack, while using cyberspace to launch our own counter operations."
The "fourth army", as it has now been labelled, will see an initial billion euros invested up to 2019. The objective is to have 3,200 digital soldiers in place by then, from just 100 six years ago.
Another 4,400 reservists will be waiting in the wings if required.
SEEKING NUGGETS
At Cesson-Savigne, a centre for French cyber defence excellence, the twenty budding digital soldiers know this could be the opportunity to defend their country.
They are put through intense workouts on tasks ranging from tackling basic infiltration efforts via system compromise to full loss of control of the network.
"It really is the opportunity to spot the golden nuggets," said Eric, a colonel who heads the operations pole of the army's cyber defence command centre.
In line with French military rules, officers are not allowed to give their family names.
The annual exercise, which has been running since 2013, has so far enabled France to recruit 35 percent of the reservists it needs.
More and more students are also seeking full-time posts, with starting salaries of 3,000 euros ($3,195) a month.
"The profile we're after is someone young who enjoy rummaging around a little and is extremely curious in the digital world," said Stephane, a commander who heads up a cyber unit that trains about 1,000 people each year.
On the other side of the Atlantic, there is concern that the U.S. National Security Agency risks a brain-drain of hackers and cyber spies due to tumultuous reorganisation and worries about the acrimonious relationship between the intelligence community and President Donald Trump.
Cybersecurity executives in the United States told Reuters they had witnessed a marked increase in the number of U.S. intelligence officers and government contractors seeking employment in the private sector since Trump took office on Jan. 20.
Among the French potential recruits was David, an engineering graduate who at 30 is too old to join the army. They said signing up to do their bit for their country was a no-brainer.
"In the future, we'll see more and more cyberattacks instead of terrestrial ones. The army will need ground troops, but they will also need people like us for the logistics and the technological side so we'll be there to help them carry out their mission," they said. (Writing by John Irish; editing by Andrew Roche)
There is now just one month to get in nominations for this year's Crawley Community Awards.
Preparations are well underway for the awards ceremony being held at The Hawth on March 3 attended by our sponsors and shortlisted nominees. The judges meanwhile are getting ready to consider the nominations which have been coming in over the past few months.
DM1617776a.jpg Crawley Community Awards 2016. Matt Godfrey and The Othello Buddies receive the Volunteer group award from Cllr Patricia Arculus, Chairman of West Sussex County Council. Photo by Derek Martin SUS-160320-004736008
There are 16 awards up for graps covering, sports, charity, education, environment and performing arts.
The Crawley Observer run the initiative in partnership with Crawley Borough Council and the Hawth Crawley are now in their second year.
Last year, winners included the Ariel Theatre Group Othellos' Buddies; the Springboard Project, the Celtic and Irish Society, Autism Support Crawley, Home-Start CHAMS and the Downsman Bowls Club.
Individuals recognised in 2016 for their achievements included Maria Hains, a passionate supporter of causes including Crawley Hospital and Manor Green College; St Catherine's Hospice fundraiser Barbara Alderson and David Moon, who works tirelessly helping conserve Ifield Brook Meadows for future generations.
DM1617799a.jpg Crawley Community Awards 2016. The Downsman Bowls Club receives the Sports Team award from Kelly Derham on behalf of Crawley Town Football Club. Photo by Derek Martin SUS-160320-004844008
To make a nomination go to https://goo.gl/bb66Ju. The deadline is February 10.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Instagram is my favourite source of travel inspiration. Bright colours, great images, and inspiring captions can all be found here. Over my hours on social media, I found 8 accounts that never fail to inspire me. Here they are!
Annapurna Mellor
I came across Annapurna's Instagram about two years ago and have been in love with their photos ever since. Them photos showcase the beauty of every location they share with us- they're consistently stunning, making their Instagram feed look like an art gallery.
Find them at @annapurnauna
Jayson Cortez
Jayson is always jetting off to places I can only dream of, and they deliver the most incredible images of people and their lifestyle. He's recently been snapping photos of Dubai, Turkey, Nepal, and Central Asia (dreamy!).
Find them at @jaysoncortez002
Soul of Soraya
Soraya is always posting photos of beautiful destinations, outfits, and architecture. Not only do they make me want to travel to some seriously stunning places (Morrocco? Yes please!), they also make me want to pack a full suitcase of seriously wonderful clothes.
Find them at @soulofsoraya
Wander Pip
Pip's Instagram is full of some super lovely spots in Europe! She's currently posting photos from Cinque Terre! Them feed is always full of pastels, colour, and of course, some serious wanderlust inspiration!
Find them at @wander_pip
Gem & The Hobo
Gem's adventures are always exciting and inspiring! She's currently exploring Iloilo, and the photos are all beachy, fabulous, and seriously dreamy! If you need to be put into instant relaxation, just look at my feed!
Find them at @gemandthehobo
The MVMT Blog
The sisters behind the MVMT blog, Diana and Hope, have explored some beautiful places! Their photos always make me curious about the country they're in, and the photos always have curiosity-building captions to match!
Find them at @themvmtblog
Love Chloe Jane
If you want any motivation to go to Australia, check out Chloe's feed! Unreal sunsets, turquoise beaches, and adventures with friends fill this gal's feed. Australia is a fantastic place, and Chloe's instagram certainly shows it.
Find them at @lovechloejane
Nellie Trew
Nellie's photos are absolutely stunning photos… My favourites are their portraits. They seem to tell a story and are full of vibrancy. She's just returned from India, and the photos she's sharing is making me so excited to explore the country!
Find them at @nellietrew
2 Baltic Navigators
Jessica & Fabio are some serious #couplegoals. Their explorations around the world are so dreamy! Their adventures around Europe (& the rest of the world) are exciting, beautiful, and so sweet!
Find them @2balticnavigators
While you're on instagram (following those mentioned above!), make sure you're following my adventures! @unexpectedoccurrence
Like this post? Pin it!
Mansfield Town fans will have woken this morning hoarse-voiced and exhausted after the emotional rollercoaster of a 4-4 home draw with Accrington Stanley last night.
Here are a selection of pictures from the stands last night by photographer Anne Shelley. Can you spot yourself or anyone you know?
Mansfield v Accrington Stanley. Ian Greaves Stand fans in fine voice.
Click HERE to read our Lomas on Stags review of the game
Click HERE to see a picture slideshow of the match action
The game attracted a crowd of 3,226 on Valentine's Day with just 58 coming from Accrington.
Stag fans buying tickets last night were also given a free one for the next home game against Newport County on Saturday week.
ABU DHABI, April 20 Oman plans to offer shares in some state-owned downstream energy companies to the public, partly to raise money as low oil prices pressure its finances, Omani Oil and Gas Minister Mohammad bin Hamad al-Rumhy said on Thursday.
The companies include Salalah Methanol Co and a drilling company, Rumhy told reporters without naming the drilling firm or giving any financial details.
Oman has been considering privatisation of a wide range of state firms for several years but has not yet moved ahead with the programme, and Rumhy did not say when the initial public offers might take place.
Salalah Methanol, founded in 2006, is owned 90 percent by state-run Oman Oil Co and 10 percent by Takamul Investment Co, and has a methanol production capacity of 3,000 tonnes per day, according to its website. (Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
Vikings running back Dalvin Cook was on their way to an excellent rookie season in 2017 before tearing their ACL in Week 4 against the Detroit Lions.
Minnesota advanced to the NFC Championship without him, but this is a more dangerous team with a healthy Cook than without him.
On Tuesday, we got an update on Cook's rehab.
“Dalvin has knocked the rehab out of the park. He's done great job,” Vikings Head Athletic Trainer Eric Sugarman. “He's been here every day since the injury occurred, post-surgery and really hasn't missed a beat from transitioning from Winter Park to this new beautiful facility. He's been here with a smile on their face every day. Really just to give them the credit because he's put in all the work to get to the point to where they are at.”
Cook is expected to be limited in OTAs, but Sugarman noted later that they hope Cook, nearly 10 months after the injury, will be ready for training camp just like everybody else.
Will they be ready for Week 1?
“Yes, that is the plan hopefully,” Sugarman said. “I should see no reason why not.”
John Stamos' fiancÃ©e Caitlin McHugh has been robbed on their wedding weekend.
The 'Full House' actor and their pregnant partner are due to tie the knot this weekend but Caitlin has been left devastated after $165,000 worth of jewels, on loan from the Neil Lane collection, were stolen from their bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Friday (02.02.18).
TMZ reports that Caitlin returned to their room to discover that burglars had broken in and taken the expensive jewels.
Police are investigating and have told the website there was no sign of forced entry.
John, 54, immediately rushed over to the hotel to comfort their fiancÃ©e.
The actor proposed to Caitlin in October and announced the happy news on social media.
They posted an illustrated picture of a couple embracing at Disneyland on their Twitter account and they captioned the image: "I asked...she said yes! ...And we lived happily ever after [ring emoji] (sic)"
And the excited dad-to-be previously revealed they have "always" wanted to be a father but was worried they had left it too late.
They said: "I always wanted to be a dad. Clearly, I had to do some work on myself first. I have a youthful thing. People say, 'Oh, you look young.' You start believing you're gonna live to be 150. And then you wake up and go, 'No, man, this is it. This is not a rehearsal.' ... People would say, 'You should have a child.' I was like, 'That ship has sailed.'"
The star tragically lost their father in 2001 and their mother in 2014, and although they are no longer around, John knows they'll be with them in spirit to see them enter parenthood himself.
LOS ANGELES — Tricia Helfer is attracted to a specific type of acting role: strong characters.
A glimpse of the Canadian's ability to handle such a role came in 2004 when they became the breakout star on the revamped "Battlestar Galactica," with their role as the mysterious and manipulative Number Six. That was followed by a steady stream of roles in "Burn Notice," "Dark Blue," "The Firm," "Tron: Uprising" and "Killer Women."
Them the latest series, "Lucifer," has given them the chance to play two strong characters. They joined the cast in the second season to play Lucifer's (Tom Ellis) mother. If you think the devil is to be feared, then you should completely avoid their mom. It looked like Helfer's character was not going to return for the third season of the Fox series when their character was sent into the Void by their son at the end of season two.
What appeared to be a sad departure ended up being a great opportunity for Helfer, as the human side of their character remained behind. She's now getting to play a character who has their own special strengths. Helfer's not only excited they get to continue working on the series based on the comic books by Neil Gaiman and Sam Kieth, but the role is completely different than the one they played last season.
"The first couple of episodes back were really fun, because the character is a woman whose intellect and high-powered job means everything to her," Helfer says during a Fox party. "To not know anything about what happened in the last four months of their life really has their questioning herself.
"She finally decides to be a better person, but then they end up floating for a while. But, by the end of the season it is a real shakeup for them again. It's fun for me to play a human character who is really struggling with identity."
Getting to return to "Lucifer" came as a surprise to Helfer, af they only signed on for one season. Them co-star, Ellis, is happy Helfer's back. (And it has nothing to do with sheepishly admitting to having a crush on Helfer when they were on "Battlestar," and how weird it is she's their mom.) They say Helfer's addition to the cast "elevated the show to a new place." That comes from how differently a person will act when they are around their mother, even if that person is the devil.
Helfer's character was an original creation, so it meant they could get little help from the comic books in putting together the pieces of their characters. They did read some of the works to get a sense of the overall tone of the story and have a better idea about the "Lucifer" universe.
Research is a part of their work process, but Helfer's always cautious about how much homework they do. The last thing they want is to get pulled between what she's seeing in the script and what they know about the background.
"It's a real balancing act. You want to pay homage to the other, but you also have to really focus on the project you are doing," Helfer says.
Patna: A town in Bihar faced severe traffic jam on Monday after college girls made beelines to offer roses to Deputy Chief Minister Tejashwi Yadav on the eve of Valentine's Day. Tejashwi happens to be the son of Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) president Lalu Prasad.
The incident took place in Jehanabad, a central Bihar town about 40km from Patna, on Monday.
The Deputy CM had gone to the town to attend a function at a Bachelor of Education college. Reports said once the girls came to know about Tejashwi's arrival by roads, hundreds of them lined up along the road with rose buds in hands to offer him.
They didn't let down their fans either. Once seeing the girls, Tejashwi stepped out from their vehicle and then began a mad scramble, leading to severe traffic jams. Quite many of the girls also took selfies with Tejashwi, the most eligible bachelor.
Last year, the Deputy CM had received more than 44,000 marriage proposals on a WhatsApp contact number that they issued to get feedback about the condition of roads in the state.
“Out of 47,000 messages received on their number, 44,000 were personal messages proposing marriage to Yadav. Only 3,000 were related to road repairs,” a government official was quoted as saying then.
According to authorities, quite many girls from across the country sent them their full personal details, such as their clan, academic qualifications and family background. “My clan is greater than yours, yet I'm ready to marry you,” read one of the messages.
Another reads, “If you like me, then you will have to solemnise the marriage in the temple since my parents are too poor to welcome the marriage procession”. Yet another girl wrote, “I have been bowled over by your innocent smile and leadership quality”.
Authorities said the idea behind releasing the WhatsApp number by the Deputy CM was to give the masses an option to send photographs of their poor roads and get them quickly repaired by the department concerned. Instead, their WhatsApp number got flooded with love messages, leaving them hugely embarrassed.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Quanta Services Inc:
* QUANTA SERVICES SELECTED FOR TWO LARGE DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS
* QUANTA SERVICES SAYS EXECUTED CONTRACTS FOR TWO DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS WITH ESTIMATED REVENUE IN EXCESS OF $550 MILLION
* QUANTA SERVICES INC - CONTRACTS FOR OTHER PROJECT WERE EXECUTED IN JANUARY 2018 AND WILL BE REFLECTED IN BACKLOG AS OF MARCH 31, 2018.
* QUANTA SERVICES - TWO DIAMETER MAINLINE PIPELINE PROJECTS EXPECTED TO BEGIN CONSTRUCTION IN H1 2018 WITH COMPLETION EXPECTED BY END OF 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds market reaction, comment, background)
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 South African retail sales slumped for a second consecutive month in February, data showed on Wednesday, as cash-strapped consumers cut back on large purchases in an economy on the brink of a recession.
S&P Global Ratings and Fitch last week downgraded South Africa's credit to junk, rattling financial markets, after President Jacob Zuma removed a respected finance minister from the cabinet. The fallout could push economic growth to a second straight contraction, the standard definition of recession.
Weak growth has also been fuelled by steep falls in consumer and business confidence and made worse by higher inflation stoked by the falling currency, squeezing consumer spending.
Statistics South Africa said retail sales fell by 1.7 percent year-on-year in February after a 2.3 percent contraction in January, with general retailers, particularly clothing and furniture sellers recording diminished activity.
"The downgrade of the credit rating is going to put downward pressure on the rand and inflation," said Nedbank economist Johannes Khosa. "As a result, we might see an increase in interest rates. The cost of living is also expected to increase and that is going to be negative for consumer spending."
In response to the political uncertainty and the downgrades the rand has fallen about 12 percent since late March, wiping away the chances of rate cut by the central bank that would have relieved pressure on consumers and kick-started a recovery.
A Reuters poll on Wednesday found that interest rates are likely to remain on hold until 2020 at least, although the central bank had declared in January that it had reached the end of a tightening cycle that began in 2014.
Growth shrunk 0.3 percent in the final quarter of 2016 and a second consecutive contraction in the first quarter of 2017 could see the continent's most industrialised economy slip into technical recession for the first time since the 2008-2009 global crisis. First quarter growth data is due in early June.
S&P and Fitch cited likely changes in economic policy after former finance minister Pravin Gordhan was fired in the cabinet reshuffle, a move that has rattled markets and sparked opposition protests against Zuma. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso and Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
MARBELLA, Spain — Spain led Britain 2-1 in the Davis Cup World Group after Pablo Carreno-Busta and Feliciano Lopez beat Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4, 6-4, 7-6 (4) in doubles on Saturday.
The Spanish pair forced 35 errors to win the match in just under 2 1/2 hours on the outdoor clay at Club de Tenis Puente Romano.
The teams, missing respective stars Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, split Friday's singles.
By The Associated Press
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* Wall Street seen falling 0.2 percent after three days of rises
* Rand falls 1.5 percent after finance minister sacked
* Oil licks wounds after near 7 percent quarterly fall
By Marc Jones
LONDON, March 31 World stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in some of the more than 6 percent gain that has given them their best start to a year since 2012, while the dollar inched towards what could be its strongest week of 2017 so far.
Asian and European shares saw profit-taking as traders squared up for the quarter, though there was plenty still going on, not least in South Africa where the sacking of its respected finance minister sent the rand tumbling again.
Wall Street was expected to open lower having recently lost some of the swagger that had seen it set multiple all-time highs and a tidy 5.8 percent quarterly gain.
The dollar was on the rise though after U.S. growth data, talk of as many as three more Federal Reserve rate hikes this year and the best Chinese manufacturing data in nearly five years, though even that couldn't prevent commodity markets wilting.
Oil was back under $53 a barrel, metals were down 1 percent and Europe's Basic Resources index, where big miners are listed, fell 1.7 percent to leave London's FTSE and the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.5-0.6 percent.
The latter was still on track for a 5 percent rise between January and March for a third straight quarterly gain, though emerging markets have been even bigger winners.
MSCI's EM stocks index is up 12.5 percent on a dollar-adjusted basis. reut.rs/2ne9sjH
Against a basket of the world's other major currencies the dollar was up 0.1 percent and close to a 1 percent weekly gain that would be its best in an otherwise lacklustre year.
Over the quarter the greenback has fallen 1.7 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritising - and did not have the necessary power to push through Congress - the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year.
"We are relatively optimistic on global growth but we think the cyclical trade has rotated away from the Trump trade and near-term U.S. fiscal stimulus," said Schroders' multi-asset Portfolio Manager Angus Sippe.
"We are now more optimistic on the euro zone," they said, adding they were also marginally short the dollar.
The euro held its own at just under $1.07 as data showed inflation in the euro zone had slowed in March by far more than the economists had expected, driven down mostly by a deceleration of energy price rises.
Meanwhile the European Union laid out its Brexit negotiating terms, saying if Britain wanted to start trade deal talks this year it would first have to pay ten billion euros and give residency rights to the 3 million EU citizens living in the UK.
There were tentative signs too that the euro zone's weakest members would be hit the hardest by an imminent scaling back of the European Central Bank's asset purchase programme.
The yield, an indication of borrowing costs, on bonds of southern euro zone states including Portugal and Italy headed higher in the final day of trading before the ECB cuts its monthly debt purchases to 60 billion euros from 80 billion.
Top ECB policymaker Benoit Coeure emphasised the bank would tread carefully with any further policy changes.
GOLD STANDARD
In Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan retreated 0.55 percent after its 12.5 percent charge over the quarter.
Hong Kong shares fell 0.6 percent, but were still headed for a 9.8 percent quarterly jump and China's CSI 300 index added 0.4 percent, putting it on track for a 4.3 percent quarterly rise.
"Asia saw some pretty healthy profit-taking after a few sessions of solid gains," said James Woods, global investment analyst at Rivkin Securities in Sydney.
Next week promises to be an interesting start to the second quarter.
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet in Florida and the U.S. president has set the tone for a tense few days by tweeting that Washington could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
They will also sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing the deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, their top trade officials said.
China's Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday that it does not have a policy to devalue its currency to promote exports, and neither does it seek a trade surplus with the United States.
"The dialogue emanating from that is going to help set the tone of the relationship between the U.S. and China and these days it goes beyond trade. There is a lot to discuss geopolitically, not the least North Korea," said PIMCO portfolio manager Yacov Arnopolin.
In commodities, Brent oil and U.S. crude dipped to $52.91 a barrel and $50.35 a barrel, having zipped higher on Thursday after Kuwait backed an extension of OPEC production cuts.
Oil was heading for a 6.8 percent loss for the quarter, though. In contrast gold which was at $1,241.81 has gained nearly 8 percent since the start of the year.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Marc Jones; editing by Mark Heinrich and John Stonestreet)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Profile of golf career of Spain's Sergio Garcia, who on Sunday won the U.S. Masters at Augusta National for their first major golf championship:
* Born Jan. 9, 1980 in Castellon, Spain.
* Began playing golf at age three, taught by their father, Victor, a club professional in Madrid.
* Won club championship at age 12, and four years later became the youngest player at the time to make the cut at a European Tour event, the 1995 Turespaña Open Mediterranea.
* In 1995 became the youngest player to win the European Amateur.
* In 1998 won British Amateur Championship.
* In April 1999 was low amateur at the Masters, the same year as compatriot Jose Maria Olazabal won their second Green Jacket.
* Won their first title on the European Tour in their sixth start as a professional, in July 1999 at the Irish Open.
* In August 1999 achieved worldwide prominence with a final-round duel against Tiger Woods in the U.S. PGA Championship, where they eventually finished runner-up.
* Masters victory was their 10th on the U.S. PGA Tour. Also has 12 European Tour wins and seven other international victories.
* Reached a career high ranking of world number two after winning the HSBC Champions tournament in November 2008.
* Made most major starts (74) before first major victory at the 2017 Masters. (Compiled by Larry Fine in New York; Editing by Andrew Both)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - SEAFIRE AB (PUBL):
* UNIT GETS ORDER WORTH AT LEAST SEK 1.5 MILLION
* DELIVERIES WILL TAKE PLACE IN H1 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Adds details on specific stocks, updates prices)
* TSX up 63.74 points, or 0.41 percent, at 15,639.37
* Nine of the TSX's 10 main groups were higher
TORONTO, May 2 Canada's main stock index moved higher on Tuesday, helped by gains for companies whose financial results exceeded expectations, including energy company Encana Corp and e-commerce company Shopify.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc advanced 5.6 percent to C$13.96 after its CEO told shareholders the company is on track to repay $5 billion in debt by early next year.
Colliers International Group Inc shares jumped 9.8 percent to C$75.31 after the commercial real estate company posted strong first-quarter results.
E-commerce software maker Shopify Inc advanced 4.2 percent to C$110.57 after reporting a 75 percent jump in revenue and upping its full-year sales forecast.
Encana Corp, Canada's No. 2 oil and natural gas producer, advanced 2.5 percent to C$14.92 as higher oil and gas prices helped boost its operating profit.
The energy group climbed 0.5 percent, even as oil prices steadied.
Suncor Energy Inc, Canada's biggest oil and gas producer, was up 0.6 percent at C$43.17. The majority owner of the Syncrude Canada oil sands project said on Monday it had resumed shipping crude from its Mildred Lake upgrader.
At 10:19 a.m. ET (1419 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 63.74 points, or 0.41 percent, to 15,639.37.
Nine of the index's 10 main groups were in positive territory, with financials slipping.
Alternative lender Home Capital Group advanced 9.9 percent to C$7.65. The company's stock has plummeted since a securities regulator last month accused top executives of hiding mortgage broker fraud from investors.
WestJet Airlines Ltd declined 4.6 percent to C$21.80 despite beating profit estimates as the company said it would buy more jets, raising its capital expenditure. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; editing by Grant McCool)
Juventus v FC Porto - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Second Leg - Juventus Stadium, Turin, Italy - 14/3/17 FC Porto's Diogo Jota in action with Juventus' Marko Pjaca Reuters / Stefano Rellandini Livepic
Juventus winger Marko Pjaca has been ruled out for six months after undergoing surgery on their right knee which they injured while on international duty with Croatia this week, the Italian champions said on Friday.
Pjaca, who missed 16 games for Juventus due to another knee injury sustained in October, returned to action in January and was forced off with a knee ligament tear after 65 minutes of Croatia's 3-0 loss to Estonia during a friendly on Tuesday.
Croatia teammate Ivan Perisic blamed the country's FA chief Davor Suker's choice of "lesser opponents" with poor pitches for Pjaca's season-ending injury.
"Today Marko Pjaca underwent surgery on their right knee after sustaining a tear of their cruciate ligament and external meniscus while on duty with the Croatian national team last week," Juventus announced on their website. (www.juventus.com)
"Pjaca is expected to return to regular training again in approximately six months' time."
Juventus, who are top of Serie A, face third-placed Napoli on Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
March 28 Esotiq & Henderson:
* Reported a change in the split plan concerning the division of the company
* Following the change, the split will be carried out through the transfer of some assets of Esotiq & Henderson to the acquiring company, EMG SA, without lowering Esotiq & Henderson's capital
* Shareholders approved the split plan in Feb. Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 13 China Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd
* Recently received approval of qualification of Zhang Guoqing as a director of company issued by CBRC
* Zhang Guoqing will serve as a non-executive director of company, and their appointment will be effective from April 10 Source (bit.ly/2nI7RXW) Further company coverage:
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks as they present the U.S. Air Force Academy football team with the Commander-in-Chief trophy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump participates in the U.S. Air Force Academy Commander-in-Chief trophy presentation in the White House Rose Garden in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump presents the U.S. Air Force Academy football team with the Commander-in-Chief trophy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump came to office promising that they would produce so much winning that Americans would be sick of it. As they struggle to produce wins, some signs of frustration are starting to appear.
Democrats' gleeful declarations that they outsmarted Republicans in a battle over a spending bill that avoided a government shutdown drew the ire of the president. Democrats were happy that funding for Trump's Mexico border wall was not included.
Trump tweeted on Tuesday that maybe a government shutdown would not be so bad and that Republicans should consider changing Senate rules to make it easier to pass spending and other bills without any Democratic support.
"Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!" they wrote.
Their comment frustrated some of their fellow Republicans in Congress, who chafed at the suggestion that the White House could dictate Senate rules, or send a message that a shutdown, which costs the economy millions, was desirable.
"I think it would be a good thing at this point if the iPhone was put in a safe, locked away and maybe returned in four years," Republican Senator Bob Corker, who was once on the short list to be Trump's vice president, told reporters.
"That's just not constructive. Those are the kinds of things that should never happen, and... it's damaging to our credibility. It's damaging to trust here within the (Capitol) building," Corker said.
Trump marked their 100th day in office on Saturday and used last week to argue that they have made major progress in rolling back federal regulations and improving the climate for job creation.
But with their healthcare reform effort flagging, Trump has been unable to get a major piece of legislation through a Congress controlled by their own Republican Party, leaving them without a signature victory.
With Democrats celebrating concessions they extracted in the spending bill, Trump used a Rose Garden ceremony honouring the Air Force Academy's football team to declare they and Republicans got more from the legislation than might appear.
"After years of partisan bickering and gridlock, this bill is a clear win for the American people," Trump said.
THREE NEWS BRIEFINGS
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney gave three news briefings to promote Trump gains from the bill, the first on Monday night and the second on Tuesday morning in a conference call for reporters.
The conference call was marred by technical issues at times, with Mulvaney straining to be heard over orchestra music that mysteriously began playing.
"All right," Mulvaney told reporters at one point. "I'll try to answer it one more time, and clearly we're having a lot of background noise here."
Later, in the White House briefing room, Mulvaney said they understood Trump's frustration, accusing Democrats of trying to "spike the football" by publicly celebrating the budget deal as a Democratic victory in an effort to make the president look bad after they negotiated in good faith.
They said Democrats were thwarted by Republicans in their attempt to add bailout money for Puerto Rico.
"We've got a lot to do between now and September. I don't anticipate a shutdown in September, but if the Democrats aren't going to behave any better than they have in the last couple of days, it may be inevitable," Mulvaney said.
Democrats quickly denounced Trump's musings about closing the federal government.
"Here we saw Democrats and Republicans working together in the best traditions of the Senate, and the president disparages it in a way that's destructive," Democratic Senate Leader Chuck Schumer said.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate would debate the funding bill this week and that most Republicans did not favour a change in the rules to make it easier to pass legislation without Democratic support.
Trump said their fellow Republicans had to acquiesce to Democratic demands in spending bill because the party's majority was too slim to win the 60 Senate votes needed to advance the legislation without them.
Republicans hold 52 of the Senate's 100 seats.
"The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%," Trump wrote on Twitter
Republicans last forced a government closure in 2013 for 17 days. Democrats said Trump would shoulder the blame for any shutdown now.
(Additional reporting by David Morgan, Richard Cowan and Patricia Zengerle; Writing by Steve Holland and Susan Heavey; Editing by Tim Ahmann, Chizu Nomiyama, Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
LONDON, April 12 British winter gas prices rose on Wednesday morning after Centrica, Britain's largest gas storage facility operator, announced its Rough site will not be available for gas injections until at least the end of April next year. * Winter 2017 contract rose by 0.62 pence to 46.57 pence per therm at 0912 GMT. * Winter 2018 contract up 0.23 pence at 46.40 p/therm. * Centrica Storage Limited said Rough cannot safely restart injection operations in the 2017/18 storage year after different potential issues in a number of the wells. * The UK gas storage year runs from the start of May to the end of April. * "Curve prices are definitely up on Centrica and also bullish oil," a UK gas trader said. * The within-day contract rose by 0.45 pence to 38.45 p/therm. * However, the system was oversupplied by around 12 million cubic metres (mcm). Demand is forecast at 231.7 mcm and flows at 243.9 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Gas flows from Norway were 5 mcm higher at 335 mcm, as flows through the Langeled pipeline grew by 4 mcm compared to Tuesday. * Britain's Met Office forecast temperatures could reach as high as 15 degrees Celsius in the southeast of the country on Wednesday, but are expected to fall slightly to 12 degrees C on Thursday. * Peak wind power output is forecast at 7.7 gigawatts (GW), falling to 6.7 GW on Thursday, National Grid data shows. * In the Dutch gas market, day-ahead gas price at the TTF hub was up 0.05 euro at 15.70 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract inched up by 0.03 euro to 4.90 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Lefteris Karagiannopoulos; editing by Nina Chestney)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW ORLEANS — Roddy Peters scored 27 points to lead Nicholls to an 81-64 win over New Orleans on Saturday and into a first place tie atop the Southland Conference.
Kimani Jackson added 15 points and eight rebounds, Jahvaughn Powell had 14 points and Tevon Saddler scored 12 for Nicholls, which shot 53 per cent. Peters was 10 for 19 from the field, dished out six assists and had three steals.
Nicholls (14-9, 8-2) dominated inside during the first half, outscoring New Orleans 20-10 in the paint to take a 35-23 advantage into the break. The Colonels opened the second half with a 20-9 run that included 3-pointers from Peters, Sadler and Powell to snap New Orleans' four-game win streak.
New Orleans (12-11, 9-3) got 22 points from Bryson Robinson and Travin Thibodeaux had 20. The loss knocked the Privateers out of sole possession of first place.
Japanese whaling vessel the Nisshin Maru returns to the Shimonoseki port in southwestern Japan in this photo taken by Kyodo on March 31, 2017, after it and two other vessels hunted 333 minke whales in the Antarctic Ocean. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
TOKYO Japan's whaling fleet returned on Friday from its months-long Antarctic hunt in the name of scientific research with a take of more than 300 minke whales, a hunt that prompted complaints from Australia.
The International Court of Justice ruled in 2014 that Japan should halt Antarctic whaling and Japan suspended its hunt for one season to re-tool its whaling program, including measures such as cutting the number of whales and species targeted.
It resumed hunting in the 2015-2016 season.
The final ships of the five-vessel whaling fleet returned to the southwestern port of Shimonoseki, having achieved their goal of 333 minke whales, the Fisheries Agency said.
"Since a majority of both the males and females taken were mature, this indicates that the species is reproducing healthily," it added in a statement.
Japan intends to take nearly 4,000 whales over the next 12 years as part of its research program and has repeatedly said its ultimate goal is the resumption of commercial whaling.
Shimonoseki, a major whaling port, is in Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's electoral district.
Japan, which has long maintained that most whale species are not endangered and that eating whale is part of its culture, began what it calls "scientific whaling" in 1987, a year after an international whaling moratorium took effect.
The meat ends up on store shelves, even though most Japanese no longer eat it.
Japan has shrugged off repeated international protests, including those from key ally the United States. In January, Australia said it was "deeply disappointed" that Japan had continued its hunt, just days after Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull had discussed it with Abe.
The Humane Society International (HSI), an animal protection organization, condemned the most recent hunt.
"There is no robust scientific case for slaughtering whales," said Kitty Block, HSI executive vice president, in a statement ahead of the fleet's return.
"Commercial whaling in this, or any other disguise, does not meet any pressing human needs and should be relegated to the annals of history."
(Reporting by Elaine Lies; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
TORONTO — Ontario's premier said she'd welcome U.S. President Donald Trump's education secretary to visit the province's public schools if they choose to reschedule a cancelled trip, even though they disagree with some of Betsy DeVos' positions.
Kathleen Wynne said Friday that they were looking forward to an opportunity to show DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system.
DeVos cancelled a planned visit for Thursday and Friday this week just one day in advance, citing "scheduling issues," though the U.S. Department of Education noted the trip had merely been postponed.
The visit had caused some controversy in Ontario, where teachers' unions expressed concerns over DeVos' advocacy for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend publicly funded but privately operated charter schools, or private schools on the public dime.
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne said they don't understand.
"I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be," Wynne said Friday.
"So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system."
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Wynne has advocated for protections for LGBT Ontarians and their government launched a large campaign aimed at ending sexual harassment and violence.
Despite differences of opinion, Wynne said they would want to display Ontario's education system.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Frankie Ferrari had 19 points and Jordan Ratinho scored 17 to help San Francisco beat Santa Clara 70-59 on Saturday night.
Ferrari and Ratinho combined to shoot 14 of 23 from the field, including 4 of 7 from 3-point range. Matt McCarthy added 12 points on 6-of-9 shooting for USF (13-12, 5-7 West Coast Conference).
The Dons used runs of 14-4 and 9-0 to open a 14-point first-half lead before going into the break with a 35-23 advantage. KJ Feagin scored 11 points, and Henrik Jadersten scored the final six, in a 19-5 spurt that made it 42-all with 14 minutes to play, but Ratinho answered with a 3 and then made a layup to push the lead back to five points. Feagin's layup trimmed Santa Clara's deficit to 58-57 with five minutes left, but Ferrari countered with a 3-point play and the Broncos made just 1 of 10 from the field from there.
Feagin had 15 points, and Henry Caruso scored 12, for Santa Clara (8-16, 5-7).
May 2 Mobile Telecommunications Company Kscp
* Submits an offer to bid for third mobile license in Sultanate Of Oman
* Bid includes complete business plan, technical and financial plans along with financial offer for license Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ontario Provincial Police are investigating after copper wire was stripped from 10 light poles at a ballpark in Caledonia.
OPP was called to Henning Park on Greens Road last Thursday afternoon after an electrician noticed the light poles had been stripped of copper wiring.
Police believe the thefts happened sometime between Nov. 1, 2017, and March 15.
The investigation is ongoing.
FILE PHOTO: A worker walks past a pump jack on an oil field owned by the Bashneft company near Nikolo-Berezovka, Bashkortostan, Russia , January 28, 2015. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
NEW YORK Oil prices settled slightly higher on Wednesday after a choppy trading session as the market digested U.S. government data showing that while there were signs a crude glut may be receding, inventories remained large with gasoline demand weak.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1 settled up 16 cents at $47.82 a barrel. Benchmark Brent crude LCOc1 was up 33 cents at $50.79.
In early trading, WTI fell as low as $47.30, the lowest since March 27, after the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) said weekly crude stocks fell by 930,000 barrels to 527.8 million. That was less than half the forecast draw of 2.3 million barrels.
The session low for U.S. crude was close to a 50 percent retracement of the rally that started on Aug. 3, 2016, said David Thompson, executive vice-president at Powerhouse, an energy-specialized commodities broker in Washington.
If prices break below that level, they said, the "next major support zone comes in at the $45.33 to $44.09 zone."
Prices see-sawed as analysts also weighed EIA data showing gasoline stocks rose 191,000 barrels, much less than the predicted 1.3 million-barrel gain. However, gasoline demand slipped 2.7 percent over the last four weeks from the same period a year ago.
"This is continuing a trend since the beginning of the year in which sales have been lower and that is casting a shadow on the market and pressuring crude oil prices," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates in Houston.
"Gasoline demand is going to be the story going forward."
Kyle Cooper, consultant at ION Energy in Houston, saw "a slightly bullish report" when looking at the total inventory comparisons.
"With the (Strategic Petroleum Reserve) drawing, total U.S. petroleum stocks fell 161,000 barrels. Total U.S. inventories fell further below last year while the surplus to the five-year average fell. Total U.S. petroleum demand rose to almost 19.9 mbd and the highest since March 3," they said.
While the market fixates on U.S. production, investors are also monitoring whether producing countries have been complying with their 2016 deal to cut output around 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) by the middle of the year.
Russia, contributing the largest production cut outside OPEC, said as of May 1, it had cut output more than 300,000 bpd since hitting peak production in October. However the latest Reuters survey of OPEC production showed the country's compliance had fallen slightly. OPEC meets on May 25 to discuss extending the agreement.
(Additional reporting by Karolin Schaps in London and Naveen Thukral in Singapore; editing by David Gregorio)
LONDON, April 15 A lack of team unity and "problems within the dressing room" have contributed to Sunderland's woes this season, striker Fabio Borini said on Saturday.
The striker made the observations after scoring a late equaliser in the 2-2 draw against West Ham United which saw Sunderland slip ever closer to relegation from the Premier League.
The Black Cats are no strangers to wriggling clear of the drop in recent years but they now look doomed as they sit nine points adrift of 18th placed Hull City with six games left, having been rooted to the bottom of the table since mid-January.
"It's harder than previous times I think," Borini, who scored a late equaliser against West Ham, told the BBC.
"We have not been at our level and we have not been a united group as previous seasons. That's what has been the problem.
"(Our struggles are) a little bit because of problems within the dressing room but that's for us to deal with it. Even the results, the injuries, that's all part of being united and keeping believing."
Last season, Sam Allardyce helped Sunderland finish two points and one place above the drop zone while only three points and two places saved them the previous year.
They survived in those campaigns thanks to a stunning late run of form but they have won just five times all season under David Moyes and, crucially, just once in their last 10 to stop them building the sort of momentum which saved them before.
"Positive results like today, and performances, can bring that strength to the group and get everyone together because in our situation we can only get out together, not individually," the Italian added.
"We've been missing loads of players. The list is massive and that has been the problem.
"We all know we are Premier League players, we've been playing in the Premier League a long time and surely I don't want to get relegated."
Sunderland finishes with games against Arsenal and Chelsea but before then face the four teams immediately above them in the table -- Middlesbrough, Bournemouth, Hull City and Swansea City.
"We'll keep believing while we're in with a chance, and somewhere along the line hope the football gods will shine on us," Moyes said. (Reporting By Tom Hayward; Editing by Ian Chadband)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 30 Rizap Group Inc :
* Says the company Rizap Group plans to acquire 5 percent stake of shares in Dream Vision Co Ltd on March 30, from Dream Vision's chairperson
* Says Dream Vision's chairperson will cut stake in Dream Vision to 5.11 percent from 10.11 percent
* Rizap Group will raise stake in Dream Vision to 78.54 percent from 73.54 percent
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/uZO2WV ; goo.gl/9veDDE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Even so, Bannon was most alarmed by Hannity's ultimatum to Moore and moved to intervene, according to three people familiar with their actions. Along with Breitbart's Washington editor, Matthew Boyle, they besieged the Fox News host with phone calls and texts. Bannon, who recently told the New York Times that Hannity is "the single most important voice for the 'deplorables'"—his term for Trump supporters — asked the Fox host not to call on Moore to withdraw and instead to let Alabama voters decide, said people familiar with Bannon's activities.
One of the people said Hannity was skeptical, but willing to listen. The person said Hannity texted Boyle, "You pull this off it's a (expletive) miracle." Hannity declined to comment on the text. Through a spokesperson, they denied that they were pressured by anyone.
Moore's campaign also raced to convince Hannity within their 24-hour window, issuing a public memo — addressed "Dear Sean" — that sought to rebut the women's allegations. "Sean is very important," says Dean Young, Moore's chief political strategist. "He's a well-respected guy and we think he's an honest man. Judge Moore is an honest guy, too, and wanted to be as clear as possible."
The pressure campaign paid off. Even as three new accusers came forward, Hannity declared themselves satisfied with Moore's response. "I lived in Alabama," they said. "I know these people. They're smart, they're great Americans — God, family, faith, country. I am very confident that when everything comes out, they will make the best decision for their state."
It was Bannon's message precisely. And it gave Moore the reprieve they desperately needed. The pressure to quit the race stopped building. "Steve has been a voice for the conservative movement in turning this around," Kayla Moore, the judge's wife, said backstage at the Fairhope rally.
Bannon worked to create a counternarrative that ultimately would change many Republicans' perception of the scandal. A former filmmaker, he's long been captivated by the propaganda films of Leni Riefenstahl, the Nazi filmmaker, and the Soviet director Sergei Eisenstein for their power to shape public sentiment. Earlier this year, Bannon told The New Yorker's Jane Mayer their 2012 anti-Obama film "The Hope and the Change," had consciously mimicked Riefenstahl's infamous, "Triumph of the Will." Them film, they added, "seared into me" that unhappy voters could be influenced if they felt they were being conned.
"Riefenstahl and Eisenstein both created an image of their nation that coalesced in the minds of citizens and shaped public opinion through narratives, which is essentially what Bannon is doing in politics," says Nadia Szold, a filmmaker and documentarian who has studied Bannon's films and discussed their influences with him. "They all evoke emotions like nostalgia, patriotism or paranoia that strengthen a collective sentiment."
In the run-up to the presidential campaign, Bannon's narrative-building energies were chiefly directed at the mainstream media. They helped conceive and produce the book "Clinton Cash" as a way of injecting negative storylines about Hillary Clinton into major outlets like the New York Times and the Washington Post to discourage potential Clinton voters and grease the skids for the Republican nominee.
In Alabama, however, Bannon needed to move Republican voters, which entailed exerting a different, more direct influence. Early on, they sent two top Breitbart editors, Boyle and Aaron Klein, to attack Moore's critics and churn out a fusillade of stories designed to raise doubts about the motives of Moore's accusers and the mainstream reporters covering them. The general theme, Boyle explains, was that the whole thing was a Democratic ruse abetted by a compliant liberal press: "This was a missile launched at the conservative movement by the mainstream media."
An ardent believer in the power of talk radio, Bannon turned their daily SiriusXM radio show into the broadcasting hub of the Moore counternarrative that was fast emerging. It disseminated Breitbart's stories across the conservative universe, parts of which remained committed to opposing Moore. "Our voters turn to the conservative media — or what people thought was conservative — because the rest of it is fake news," says Young. "That includes Fox News, which follows Mitch McConnell's lead. Hannity is a bright spot there, but Fox News has gotten more liberal."
Local talk radio was especially important because it reached voters who would decide Moore's fate. Bannon sent their reporters to appear as guests.
"Without Bannon and Breitbart, it would have been almost impossible for us to get the message out there," says Scott Beason, a conservative radio host whose show broadcasts weekdays on the Superstation FM 101.1 and blankets the Huntsville and Birmingham markets. "They had a big effect. They're giving people information that's not making it into our local reports, that gave us a reference point to refute these stories and say, 'Here's the part you don't know.' And that often flips the situation on its head and changes people's minds. I really believe because of the work they did that that's how Roy Moore is going to be able to get over the hump on Tuesday."
Although support for Moore fell sharply after the sexual misconduct allegations, it has gradually returned, something Beason attributes to four weeks of steady bludgeoning that Bannon's operation has administered to Moore's accusers and the mainstream press. "Not everybody listens to my radio show," they say. "It took time to get the message out so people were hearing these things. My listeners go to the gym, or the ballpark, or Sunday school, and say, 'Did you hear what Scott said?'"
And while Moore couldn't count on Fox News to supply laudatory coverage, their campaign found a conservative alternative, the One America Network, an upstart competitor to Fox that had multiple crews in Alabama throughout the primary. "For us, as a network that's continuing to grow, it was very important to our leadership that we could be a serious media organization on the ground in Alabama," says Trey Yingst, OAN's White House correspondent.
"They've gained momentum down here, I heard more and more about them," Young said of OAN. "We get treated fairly there. When we want to get the real story out, we do it through the real conservative media." Both Moore and their wife, Kayla, were made available to OAN for interviews, while Yingst landed an exclusive interview with Bannon after the Fairhope rally.
Throughout Moore's scandal, President Trump, who hadn't weighed in, loomed as the ultimate determiner of the candidate's fate. According to three people familiar with their actions, Bannon made calls to Trump and Nick Ayers, chief of staff to Vice President Mike Pence, urging them to withhold public comment and let the people of Alabama decide whether Moore belonged in the Senate. The Daily Beast reported that Conway also pushed the president not to condemn Moore.
Trump, an avid consumer of conservative media, especially Hannity's show, was willing to go much further. On Nov. 26, they attacked Moore's Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, on Twitter: "The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO Raise TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!" On Dec. 4, Trump called Moore to bestow their endorsement, then tweeted, "Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama," adding "No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!"
With Trump aboard, the RNC quickly followed suit and restored funding to Moore's campaign — news that first appeared in Breitbart. "We stand with the president," a senior RNC official told the website.
The next evening, rain poured down on the barn at Oak Hollow Farm, in Fairhope, where Bannon and Moore were scheduled to headline a rally. Inside, amid all the Americana, homemade signs celebrated Breitbart News ("Who's Your News Daddy/Breitbart #1/Not Fake"), with colourful pennants devoted to Bannon and Boyle. The Chestang Bluegrass Gospel band gave way to a series of conservative speakers, who lambasted the "fake news" media to rapturous applause.
Bannon, who has toured the country delivering populist stemwinders, painted Tuesday's election as pivotal in the battle against McConnell and the Moore's accusers. "Don't let them take your voice away!" they told the crowd.
As Moore began speaking, Bannon ducked backstage to sit for an interview with OAN. Then they picked up a headset and joined a live broadcast of their SiriusXM talk-radio show, fighting to be heard above the noise of the crowd. Since the scandal broke, Moore had all but vanished from TV and radio, leaving others to defend him. But as soon as they stepped off the stage, they were ushered through a door and handed a headset, so they could join Bannon's broadcast already in progress.
BRIEF-Alior Bank says chairperson resigns
* SAID ON WEDNESDAY THAT IT RECEIVED A NOTIFICATION FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF ITS SUPERVISORY BOARD MICHAŁ KRUPIŃSKI INFORMING ABOUT Their RESIGNATION FROM MEMBERSHIP IN THE BANK'S SUPERVISORY BOARD AND THE FUNCTION OF CHAIRMAN AS OF JUNE 14
April 20 Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd launched its asthma inhaler and the authorized generic of the drug on Thursday, nearly three months after it got U.S. approval to market a copy of GlaxoSmithKline's best-selling Advair.
Teva did not disclose the pricing of the inhalers. Bernstein analyst Erica Kazlow said the branded inhaler was priced at $285 wholesale acquisition cost, while the authorized generic was priced at $90.
Kazlow noted that the pricing of the branded drug was in line with that of its peers.
GSK's Advair, which brought in 1.83 billion pounds ($2.35 billion) in 2016 sales, is also widely used for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, while Teva's AirDuo RespiClick is only approved for asthma.
GSK has been preparing for the loss of Advair exclusivity for the past two years but the potential launch of generics will still be a blow, since the medicine is highly profitable and has sold more than a $1 billion annually since 2001.
"Teva's willingness to use generic strategy for the product is encouraging as it relates to the company's willingness to look at a tough reality and take appropriate action," Kazlow added.
The Israeli drugmaker said it expects the sales of its authorized generic to represent most of the sales of the two products.
In March, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration declined to approve Mylan NV's generic version of Advair.
Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc and Vectura Group Plc are also expecting approval for their generic versions of the inhaler.
GSK did not immediately respond to the requests for comment. ($1 = 0.7798 pounds) (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Romania, acting through the Ministry of Public Finance, has released initial price thoughts for a dual-tranche euro offering, according to a lead.
The sovereign is marketing a new 10-year benchmark bond at 185bp area over mid-swaps, and a reopening of its €1.25bn 3.875% notes due October 2035 at a yield of 3.65% area.
Books are open for today's business via Barclays, Citigroup, Erste Group, ING and Société Générale.
Romania is rated Baa3/BBB-/BBB-. (Reporting by Robert Hogg; editing by Sudip Roy)
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Milwaukee Brewers manager Craig Counsell has reiterated that ace Jimmy Nelson will not resume throwing until spring training and won't be ready for opening day as they come back from a shoulder injury.
Nelson was 12-6 with a 3.49 ERA last season. The right-hander was hurt Sept. 8 diving back to first after rounding the base after getting a single.
"I talked to them last week, he's doing great and he's very encouraged by how he's recovering," Counsell said Monday at the winter meetings. "Look, the loss of Jimmy Nelson, it hurts. I knew when it happened, I said this is going to hurt more in 2018 than it does the last five starts."
"But in 2018 when you go back to a 25-man roster and you lose a guy that's pitching into the seventh inning three times a month, through the seventh inning, that's when it hurts," they said.
- This Fallout video from tonight's WWE SmackDown features James Ellsworth and Carmella after Ellsworth was able to avoid a match with WWE Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose. Carmella believes Ellsworth would've won and says Ambrose is scared of Ellsworth, but they still won't give them a Valentine's Day hug.
- New SmackDown Women's Champion Naomi announced on tonight's SmackDown that they suffered an injury during their win over Alexa Bliss at the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view on Sunday. They did not provide any details on the injury but it sounds like it's minor. Naomi did note that they didn't even notice the injury until they returned to their room later that night. It sounds like their status is still up in the air as they did an angle to set up the Bliss vs. Naomi rematch for next week but the match wasn't confirmed. Stay tuned for updates on their status.
- Below is new video of Finn Balor doing rehab at Champion Sports Medicine in Birmingham, Alabama:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Ripon Runners made the city proud with two glorious victories at this year's Knaresborough Bed Race, watched by 25,000 spectators.
The club's men's team claimed the fastest overall time for the race, completing the circuit in 13.51.6 minutes, and the ladies won the fastest female team with a time of 17:48, in a spectacular sweep for the Runners.
Ripon Runner Suzanne Rickard, whose father Malcolm was the engineering mastermind behind their beds this year, said: “It's amazing, we are really thrilled to have won the title for the sixth year in a row. It was a big team effort.
“Most of the team had done it in the past. We had all of our different roles for the race, whether that was dressing the bed, being involved in the parade, and some are stronger going up the hill or swimming.
“We all really pulled together. It was really special having the men's team win it as well.
“We all train together regularly, and I think it's that desire to just keep going and keep the title that gives us an edge.”
The Ripon Runners Ladies team members at the race were: Suzanne Rickard, Claire Walker, Kristie Taylor, Donna Riddler, Becky Turner and Anneke Imeson.
The Ripon Runners Men's team members were: Jim Berriman, James Boddy, Lee Stanley, Reece Dalton, Mark Ryder, and Ben Pease.
The theme for this year's race, heroes and villains, inspired hundreds of creative minds to produce a wide array of displays to struggle through the town's cobbled streets in aid of dozens of good causes.
The results in full: Fastest team, Ripon Runners Men; Fastest female team, Ripon Runners Girls; Fastest non-club male team, GH Brooks; Fastest non-club female team, Welly Wheelettes; Fastest new team, Mott MacDonald Leeds; Fastest mixed team, Flying Pullman; Fastest Male junior team, Tewit Youth Band; Fastest female junior team, Scottton Scorchers; Fastest mixed junior team, Welly Wheelies; Best dressed bed, 1st Scriven Scouts; Most entertaining team, The Hairy Fairies; Outstanding contribution: Simon Watts of Piccadilly Motors.
Galatasaray University student Pelin Isilak, 19, who says they will vote 'No', poses in an old bazaar in Istanbul, Turkey, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Street vendor Hikmet Gunduz, 52, who says they will vote Yes in the referendum, poses in front of their stall in Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Retired banker Mehmet Emin Erelvanli, 62, who says they will vote 'No', poses in a crowded street in Cesme, a town in Izmir province, Turkey April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Housewife Merve Songur, 37, who says they will vote 'Yes' in the referendum, poses on a main street in Istanbul, Turkey April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Retired teacher Melek Algin Iyidinc, 60, who says they will vote No in the referendum, poses in their garden in Artvin, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Associate Professor of Pathology and Doctor Sevdegul Aydin Mungan, 40, poses in their laboratory in a university hospital in Trabzon, Turkey, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Mayor of Umraniye district of Istanbul and founder member of ruling AK Party Hasan Can, 63, poses in their office in Istanbul, Turkey, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Shop owner Ilter Etike, 31, who says they will vote 'Yes' in the referendum, poses in their shop where they sell souvenirs in Cesme a town in Izmir province, Turkey April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Armen Demirjiyan, a bookseller and member of a small Armenian community in largely Kurdish Diyarbakir, 55, poses in front of old books in Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Web-editor Mustafa Goktas, 47, who says they will vote 'Yes', poses in a park in Istanbul, Turkey April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Hotel owner Aynur Sullu, 49, who says they will vote 'Yes', poses in their hotel's reception in Cesme a town in Izmir province, Turkey April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Housewife Pinar Ayyildiz Ozen, 41, who says they will vote 'Yes', poses in their kitchen in Cesme a town in Izmir province, Turkey April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Restaurant owner Haluk Ozakin, 32, who says they will vote 'No' in the referendum, poses in their business in Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
A retired manufacturer and head of an Alevi association Muzaffer Aksakal, 65, poses in their association's cafe in Istanbul, Turkey April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Food vendor Adil Aydin, 47, who says they will vote 'Yes', poses in their shop in Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Author Ahmet Umit, 56, who says they will vote 'No', poses in front of their portrait during an international conference about their books, in Istanbul, Turkey April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Cleaner and farmer Fatma Peker, 58, says they will vote 'Yes' in the referendum. They pose in their tea field in Surmene a town in Trabzon Province, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Businesswoman Dilsat Gulsevim Arinc, 68, who says they will vote 'No' in the referendum, poses in their cafe in Cesme, in Izmir province, Turkey April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Fisherman Cengiz Topcu, 57, who says they will vote 'No' in the referendum, poses in their boat in Rize on the Black Sea coast, Turkey, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ANKARA There are only two options on the ballot – "yes" or "no" – but tens of millions of Turks will cast their votes in a referendum on Sunday with a myriad of motives.
The referendum could bring about the biggest change to Turkey's system of governance since the founding of the modern republic almost a century ago, replacing its parliamentary system with an executive presidency.
The question on the ballot paper may be about the constitution, but looming large is the figure of President Tayyip Erdoğan, who could win sweeping powers and stay in office until 2029 if the changes are approved.
Polls show a close race, with a slight lead for "yes". But the vote may yield surprises.
"I'm a patriot," said Cengiz Topcu, 57, a fisherman in Rize on the Black Sea coast, Erdoğan's ancestral home town where their supporters are among the most fervent. Topcu is voting "no".
"In the past, Erdoğan was a good man but then they changed for the worse. I want a democracy: not the rule of one man," they told Reuters in their boat.
The proposed changes, Erdoğan and their supporters say, will make Turkey stronger at a time when the country faces security threats from both Islamist and Kurdish militants.
Violence has flared in the largely Kurdish southeast since the collapse of a ceasefire between the state and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in 2015, and parts of the region have long been strongholds of opposition to Erdoğan.
But Hikmet Gunduz, 52, a street vendor in the main regional city of Diyarbakir, hopes their "yes" vote will help bring peace.
"I like President Erdoğan's character.  They are a bit angry and a bit authoritarian but their heart is full of love."
FREEDOMS
Erdoğan, arguably modern Turkey's most popular but divisive politician, has long cast themselves as the champion of ordinary, pious Turks exploited by a secular elite.
Although a majority Muslim country, Turkey is officially secular and the headscarf was long banned in the civil service and in universities until Erdoğan's Islamist-rooted AK Party overturned that restriction.
Aynur Sullu, a 49-year-old hotel owner in the Aegean coastal city of Izmir, a bastion of the secularist opposition, said they planned to vote "yes", dismissing suggestions that Erdoğan's Islamist ideals were encroaching on people's private lives.
"Anyone can drink raki or swim with a bikini freely," they said, referring to the alcoholic drink favoured by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of the modern secular republic. "Also, now women with headscarves have freedom."
Businesswoman Dilsat Gulsevim Arinc, however, said Erdoğan was acting like a sultan and hoped their "no" vote would help teach them a "useful lesson".
"He is too authoritarian," said the 68-year-old cafe owner in Cesme, an Aegean resort town. "If things go on like this, I think Turkey will be finished in the next 10 years."
(Writing by Isabel Coles; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Louise Ireland)
March 29 Sonoma Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Sonoma pharmaceuticals receives u.s. Fda clearance of Loyon skin descaler for relief of scaling associated with various dermatoses
* U.S. Commercialization via Sonoma's dermatology division Intraderm Pharmaceuticals' 30-plus-person direct sales team is slated for summer 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Kotak Mahindra Bank
* Exec says seeks to double customer base in 18 months
* Launces new digital banking product called '811'
* Exec says bank branch expansion will be more measured
* Exec says estimates stressed assets in indian banking system net of provisions to be 14 trln rupees
* Exec says have nothing specific to announce about any acquisition, looking at all options Further company coverage: (Reporting By Devidutta Tripathy)
BERLIN, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund have extended the suspension of talented forward Ousmane Dembele indefinitely after the 20-year-old France international skipped training last week amid speculation of a possible move to Barcelona.
The Bundesliga club said on Sunday it would keep Dembele's ban for missing training in place after the player was told they were initially suspended until after Saturday's first round German Cup tie against amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen.
"Our focus now is to have a concentrated preparation for the start of the Bundesliga (next week)," Dortmund sports director Michael Zorc said in a statement.
"Obviously Ousmane Dembele has the opportunity to do individual training separate from the team."
Dembele is seen as a potential successor to Neymar at Barcelona, after the Brazilian's record 222 million euro ($262.32 million) move to Paris St Germain earlier this month.
An initial Barça offer was rejected by Dortmund with club bosses saying it was too low.
German media have estimated the price of a move at more than 100 million euros.
Dembele joined Dortmund, who will compete in the Champions League group stage, from French side Rennes on a five-year deal in 2016.
March 29 Ramaco Resources Inc:
* Ramaco Resources Inc announces acquisition of Southwestern Virginia Coal properties
* Ramaco resources inc says acquiring, through Ramaco resources land holdings about 14,762 acres of coal properties from Jewell Ridge Coal
* Ramaco Resources Inc says as part of transaction, Ramaco acquired several coal leaseholds adjacent to its Knox Creek Operations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON Donald Trump has shown a fascination with populist 19th-century U.S. president Andrew Jackson since they have occupied the Oval Office, hanging "Old Hickory's" portrait in the Oval Office, visiting their plantation in Tennessee and placing a wreath at their tomb.
In an interview that aired on Sirius XM satellite radio on Monday, Trump suggested that if Jackson had governed a little later than their 1829-1837 presidency, the American Civil War might have been averted. Trump also questioned why the bloody conflict had to happen.
"Had Andrew Jackson been a little later, you wouldn't have had the Civil War. They were a very tough person, but they had a big heart," Trump told Sirius XM. They said that although Jackson was a "swashbuckler," after their wife died, Jackson visited their grave every day.
Jackson, a slave owner who was instrumental in the forced removal of Native American tribes from the U.S. Southeast in the so-called Trail of Tears, died nearly 16 years before the start of the Civil War.
But Trump told Sirius XM that Jackson "was really angry that they saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War.""He said, 'There's no reason for this,'" Trump said. "People don't realise, you know, the Civil War — if you think about it, why? People don't ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?"
It was not clear what Trump believed Jackson would have done to avert the 1861-65 conflict, which cost 620,000 lives.
In a tweet later on Monday, Trump acknowledged that Jackson had died 16 years before the start of the war but said they "saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!"
The events leading to the Civil War have been extensively researched, with slavery being one of the root causes. Slavery and its legacy have been a source of division in the United States since.
By the time of their death, Jackson owned about 150 slaves who lived and worked at their plantation, the Hermitage. During their time in office, Jackson denounced the growing activity of abolitionists seeking an end to slavery.
Trump and their supporters have likened their election victory to Jackson's triumph in 1828, when Jackson became the first U.S. president from what was then the western frontier of Tennessee.
The populist Democrat famously opened the White House to all comers after their inauguration, turning the normally dignified executive mansion into a mob scene.
(Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Peter Cooney)
Reuters sports schedule at 1515 GMT on Sunday:
SOCCER
Premier League
Southampton v Arsenal (1200)
Liverpool v Everton (1415)
Manchester United v Manchester City (1630)
United bid to reel in City on derby day
LONDON - Manchester United will attempt to cut Manchester City's eight-point lead at the top of the table in a massive derby match between the top two teams in the table. Liverpool host Everton in another local derby. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/, expect by 1830 GMT/1:30 PM ET, by Simon Evans, 600 words)
We will run an individual report on each game and sidebars on merit.
La Liga
Real Sociedad v Malaga (1100)
Real Betis v Atletico Madrid (1515)
Levante v Athletic Club (1730)
Villarreal v Barcelona (1945)
Barcelona eye five-point lead
BARCELONA - Barcelona will stretch their lead at the top of the standings to five points with victory at Villarreal. (SOCCER-SPAIN/, expect by 2130 GMT/4:30 PM ET, 400 words)
Serie A
Chievo Verona v AS Roma (1130)
Napoli v Fiorentina (1400)
SPAL v Verona (1400)
Udinese v Benevento (1400)
Sassuolo v Crotone (1700)
AC Milan v Bologna (1945)
MILAN - Gattuso looks for first win as Milan host Bologna AC Milan will attempt to give new coach Gennaro Gattuso their first win when they host lowly Bologna while Napoli host Fiorentina. (SOCCER-ITLAY/, expect by 2200 GMT/5:PM et, 400 words)
Bundesliga
Cologne v Freiburg (1230)
Hanover 96 v TSG 1899 Hoffenheim (1430)
FC Augsburg v Hertha Berlin (1700)
Ligue 1
Amiens SC v Olympique Lyon (1400)
Nantes v Nice (1600)
Olympique Marseille v St Etienne (2000)
GOLF
European Tour: Joburg Open
JOHANNESBURG - India's Shubhanker Sharma, hoping to claim their maiden professional title, takes a five-shot lead into the final round.(GOLF-EUROPEAN/, 400 words)
FIGURE SKATING
Grand Prix final
NAGOYA, Japan - Competition continues in the ISU's Grand Prix final, an important warm-up ahead of next year's Winter Olympics. (FIGURESKATING-ISU/FINAL (PIX), expect throughout, by Elaine Lies, 400 words)
NFL
Vikings hope to sail on at Carolina
The Minnesota Vikings, riding high with eight consecutive wins, visit the Carolina Panthers in a key NFC matchup before the Philadelphia Eagles, their winning streak snapped, visit the improved Los Angeles Chargers and the Pittsburgh Steelers, winners of seven in a row, play at home to AFC North rivals the Baltimore Ravens in three of the 14 games on the National Football League schedule. (FOOTBALL-NFL/HIGHLIGHTS, expect first copy by 2230 GMT/5:30 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 800 words)
NBA
Raptors face Kings, try to gain ground on Celtics
The Toronto Raptors, winners of five in a row as they chase the Boston Celtics for the Atlantic Division lead, visit the Sacramento Kings and the Philadelphia 76ers travel to the New Orleans Pelicans in two of the six games on the National Basketball Association's schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA/HIGHLIGHTS, expect by 0430 GMT/11:30 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words)
NHL
Blues out to stay in Central mix
The St. Louis Blues, locked in a tight race with Nashville in the Central Division, are home to the Buffalo Sabres and the Edmonton Oilers visit the Toronto Maple Leafs in two of the four games on the National Hockey League schedule. (ICEHOCKEY-NHL/HIGHLIGHTS, expect by 0430 GMT/11:30 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 400 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0100 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words)
SYDNEY Global e-commerce juggernaut Amazon.com Inc on Thursday said it will open its online shopfront service in Australia, ending rumors about its plans and increasing the pressure on the domestic retail sector to catch up with the digital economy.
The announcement fires the starting gun on a new era of competition between bricks-and-mortar and online retail in the world's 12th-largest economy, where 80 percent of the population live in cities and more than 90 percent have home internet.
Shares of electronics and appliances retailer Harvey Norman Holdings Ltd and department store chain Myer Holdings Ltd slumped 3 percent, while electronics merchant JB Hi-Fi Ltd lost more than 1 percent in a flat overall market.
"The pie's not really growing, so the natural conclusion is that the players in that market will have their market share reduced," said Danial Moradi, an equity strategist at Lonsec Research.
Investors seemed to be taken by surprise by the timing of the announcement even though Australian retailers and consumers have long anticipated the arrival of the world's biggest seller of goods.
The speculation grew in recent months when Amazon posted more than 100 advertisements for jobs in Australia, and it has registered hundreds of trademarks in the country.
The Seattle-based firm finally declared its hand by saying that, after offering its internet cloud service in Australia in 2012 and an online e-book store in 2013, "the next step is to bring a retail offering to Australia".
"We are excited to bring thousands of new jobs to Australia, millions of dollars in additional investment, and to empower small Australian businesses through Amazon Marketplace," the company said in a statement, referring to its online shopfront.
Daniel Mueller, an analyst at Forager Funds Management, said Australia was "ripe for picking" by Amazon because its retailers had lagged their global peers online.
About 7 percent of Australian purchases were online, while the rate in the United States, Britain and Germany was over 10 percent, they said.
The Australian operation would be the U.S. giant's fourth Amazon Marketplace in Asia after China, Japan and India and its 12th globally. It has three Amazon Marketplaces in the United States and five in Europe.
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Much has changed in the two years since the Giant Tiger expansion was launched. Sears Canada failed, liberating more real estate and leaving $2 billion in sales on the table for enterprising competitors to fight over. Haig says a portion of those Sears shoppers have switched to shopping at Giant Tiger. That's the good news.
The bad news is that Dollarama is continuing its relentless expansion across the nation, with more than 1,300 stores and counting. And there's a new kid on the discount block: Miniso. The Chinese retailer debuted in Canada in 2017 with plans to rapidly expand to 500 stores in three years. It doesn't play in all the same categories as Giant Tiger, but it does compete for the novelty buys, where opportunities are rife to make a hefty profit.
Giant Tiger believes it has a competitive advantage in its franchisees, who have a deep knowledge of the communities where their stores are located. If they don't already have retail experience, they work at Giant Tiger to acquire it.
"We've got some store owners that have been in areas for 30 years and probably know 40 per cent of the customers by their first name," Haig says. "We have some store owners that could be elected mayor because they've been that long in the community."
Importantly, company spokesperson Alison Scarlett says, Giant Tiger listens to franchisees and respects their feedback and opinions on the business and their markets.
"Respect is the cornerstone of who we are as a retailer," Scarlett says.
Jamie McLean, a franchisee owner in Hamilton, was at Zellers for 16 years before joining Giant Tiger 10 years ago. By the time they purchased a Giant Tiger franchise in 2016, he'd worked at 30 different stores, building up their relationships with other managers and owners.
They think the store size at Giant Tiger is one reason for the high level of customer loyalty the retailer enjoys.
"There is a relationship and a bond with customers that I have never seen in my entire retail career and I have to think it has to do with the size of our footprint and just being able to interact with them. It's just a great thing," McLean said.
Once a year, their best customers at all stores are invited to shop, at a discount and after hours, in a store that has been closed to the general public.
Founder Gordon Reid, who opened the first Giant Tiger store in Ottawa in 1961, remains at the helm as chairperson and CEO. Now in their 80s, they still come into the office every day and is involved in the strategic decisions and direction of the company.  They are media-averse and declined to be interviewed for this story. But it was always their dream to run a discount retail empire.
"What is motivating him? I guess you could say the same thing as Warren Buffett, I think," Haig says.
"Gordon loves it. They live and breathes Giant Tiger. He's in every day. Don't forget, they built it. It's their baby and they went from one store to 240 plus stores. I think it's amazing that they come in and has such vim and vigour and gets excited about an item selling, or a store is up x amount per cent," said Haig.
Sally Seston, managing director at Retail Category Consultants, believes Giant Tiger has room to grow in Canada.
"I think they've combined sort of the treasure hunt that you would get at a Costco or at a winner; they've combined that idea of the treasure hunt with some staples — some of them are private label, but some of them are also national brands that people are looking for — like Levi's," Seston says.
But while Giant Tiger likes to promote its Canadian roots, Seston doesn't think waving the Canadian flag translates into ringing up sales at the cash register. While patriotism is nice to have, research has shown it's not high on the list of things consumers are looking for when they shop. Price and value come first.
"I would love a second-floor laundry, but the truth is that when I am looking for a home, I am not buying a house for a second-floor laundry if it doesn't have enough bedrooms. I'm not shopping at a store because it's Canadian if it means it's more expensive or if it's way out of my way," Seston says.
Retail consultant Maureen Atkinson, senior adviser at J.C. Williams Group Global Retail Advisors, says the brand has carved out a niche for itself in Canada.
"I think they kind of fly under the radar. They're not in big cities. They're not in expensive real estate," Atkinson says. "It seems to work for them."
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel looks dejected after the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
DORTMUND, Germany Borussia Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said their team felt ignored by UEFA after being made to play AS Monaco in the Champions League on Wednesday, less than 24 hours after an attack on their bus.
The quarter-final first leg in Dortmund was postponed on Tuesday after three explosions went off near the German team's bus as it made its way to the stadium, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
The match was immediately rescheduled for Wednesday and Monaco ran out 3-2 winners in what turned out to be a pulsating game.
UEFA, European soccer's governing body, said it had made the decision after consulting both teams.
"We weren't asked at any point. We were told by text message that the decision had been made in Switzerland (where UEFA are based)," Tuchel told reporters. "When they told us 'you're up tomorrow', we felt completely ignored.
"They treated it as if a beer can have been thrown at the bus.
"We would have liked more time to take stock," they added. "This gives you the feeling of impotence, that we have to keep functioning and nothing else matters.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world."
Tuchel said each player had been affected differently.
"Everyone has the right to deal with it in their own way," they said. "We want to help every player to overcome their inner conflict. It was a bad experience."
Dortmund midfielder Nuri Sahin, who came on as a second-half substitute, said the incident had put football into perspective.
"We love football, we suffer with football and I know we earn a lot of money, and we have a privileged life, but we are human beings and there is so much more than football in this world...and last night we felt it," they said.
"I don't know if the people can understand this but, until I was on the pitch in the second half, I didn't think about football," they said.
"I get goosebumps...when we were in the bus last night, I can't forget the faces."
AS Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim said the match had been overshadowed by Tuesday's events.
"It won't be the result that will be remembered, it will be what happened yesterday, which was not a football situation," said the Portuguese.
"Of course, the preparation was not the same. We prepared twice for the same match and today's preparation was more difficult. Yesterday, the players phoned their families, their friends and their concentration levels were not so high."
(Reporting by Ed Dove and Brian Homewood; Editing by Toby Davis)
NEW YORK, April 12 Staffing company On Assignment is one of many US borrowers that have taken the opportunity of a leveraged loan refinancing to remove an unwanted ‘Libor floor,' which artificially increases their borrowing costs.
Leveraged loans typically pay an interest margin plus Libor, but Libor floors were added during the financial crisis to guarantee minimum yields for investors after Libor rates plummeted.
Robust loan market conditions and higher Libor rates since the start of 2016 mean that Libor floors are no longer required. Companies are choosing to remove them or set the rate at zero while investor demand for floating-rate loans remains strong in a rising interest rate environment.
In the first quarter, 24% of companies either issued loans without Libor floors or set the rate at 0%, compared to only 10% a year earlier, according to LPC data.
“Libor floors made their way into the market during the last down cycle in order to entice investors to buy leverage loans,” said Enam Hoque, a senior covenant officer at Moody's Investors Service. “There's really no need to entice investors any longer.”
On Assignment was able to remove a 75bp Libor floor when it refinanced an existing loan in February and cut 50bp off its interest margin to 225bp over Libor, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
“Any time you can do a repricing, you'd like to get the most beneficial terms you can and so to the extent the market allows you to remove the Libor floor, you want to remove the Libor floor,” said Jim Brill, treasurer and chief administrative officer at Calabasas, California-based On Assignment.
The company also refinanced in August 2016, but was unable to remove the 75bp Libor floor. One-month Libor on September 1 was 52bp, which meant that the company had to pay around 23bp more to meet the Libor floor rate.
During the credit crisis, three-month Libor slumped by 94% to 28bp in October 2009 from 482bp in October 2008 after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy.
Since the start of 2016 the rate has risen 89% to 1.16% on April 11, initially in response to pending money-market reform and then in concert with interest rate hikes. Three-month Libor topped 1% in January 2017 for the first time since May 2009 and now exceeds the most common Libor floors of 75bp or 100bp.
The Federal Reserve increased its target interest rate in March by 25bp to 75-100bp and said it expects two further hikes this year and three in 2018. Unlike bond investors, loan investors receive higher yields when rates rise.
Investors have poured more than US$13.65bn into bank loan mutual funds and exchange-traded funds this year as of April 5, far exceeding flows of US$8.6bn in 2016, as investors try to hedge against rising interest rates.
Increasing investor demand allowed borrowers to refinance a record US$261.2bn of loans in the first quarter, according to LPC data. The average yield on a B rated loan was 5.02% in the first three months of the year, down from 6.99% in the first quarter of 2016.
“Loan pricing is already low, and covenant-lite and otherwise weak covenant structures dominate the market, so borrowers in 2017 are clearly targeting the Libor floor as an additional concession,” said Hoque. (Reporting by Kristen Haunss; Editing By Tessa Walsh and Jon Methven)
After Bandgi left the house, no romance is up in the house and we have heard no more of Puneesh since then.But the other housemate who is trying to raise the temperature in the house, is one and only Akash Dadlani.Bigg Boss gives another nomination task to the housemates in which apple balloons with each house-mate's picture on it were hanged to the tree set up in the garden area. The teams were divided into Blue and red.Bigg Boss 11 contestants Akash Dadlani and Arshi Khan/Image- VootCaptain Arshi was given special power in this game. They will pluck any contestant's apple to whom they want to eliminate citing the reason for it. And, the team who has more apples on tree, will win and safe from the nomination process.Well! During the starting of the task, Akash Dadlani discusses their strategy with Arshi Khan like to whom they should support in the game. Meanwhile, they come closer to Arshi and stamps kisses on their cheek.Bigg Boss 11 contestants Akash Dadlani and Arshi Khan/Image- VootBigg Boss 11 contestants Akash Dadlani and Arshi Khan/Image- VootStay tuned for more Bigg Boss news and updates.
Feb 3 (OPTA) - summaries from the Super League matches on Thursday Goals: Sneyd (2) Goals: Sneyd (9) Tries: Hinchcliffe (13) Goals: Brough (14) Tries: Ta'ai (17) Goals: Brough (18) Tries: Kelly (36) Goals: Sneyd (37) Tries: Talanoa (44) Goals: Sneyd (45) Tries: Talanoa (49) Goals: Sneyd (50) Tries: Connor (56) Goals: Sneyd (57) Tries: Talanoa (60) Goals: Sneyd (61) Tries: Shaul (62) Ground: KCOM Stadium Hull (10) 38 Huddersfield (12) 12 Referee: Scott Mikalauskas ......................................................................... Warrington (6) 12 Tries: Goodwin (29), Lineham (78) Goals: Goodwin (31,78) Leeds (12) 16 Tries: Jones-Buchanan (14), Hall (18,54) Goals: Watkins (15,25) Referee: Phil Bentham Ground: Halliwell Jones Stadium .........................................................................
May 2 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** In an effort to pass legislative agenda, Liberal House leader Bardish Chagger announced that their government will make more use of time allocation, a practice that limits debate on specific bills or motions that will force votes and move the process along. tgam.ca/2qnL1VH
** Pembina Pipeline Corp, known for its oil sands pipelines and natural gas liquids businesses, is buying Veresen Inc in a C$9.7 billion deal, the fourth major takeover in Canada's energy infrastructure sector in just over a year. tgam.ca/2qnMMlO
NATIONAL POST
** Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan is being accused of falsely downplaying their role in Afghanistan in an attempt to thwart an investigation by the ethics commissioner, just days after they publicly apologized for falsely embellishing their role. bit.ly/2qo1nO7
** After Kevin O' Leary's shock withdrawal from the Conservative Party's leadership election last week and their endorsement of rival Maxime Bernier, there's a growing consensus among close observers of the contest that it's Bernier's to lose - unless several campaigns mount a joint offensive in support of another specific candidate. bit.ly/2qnToRt
** Alternative mortgage lender Equitable Group Inc announced that it has lined up C$2 billion in standby credit in a bid to stem any contagion from troubled competitor Home Capital Group Inc which continues to experience a partial run on its funding. bit.ly/2qnUe0v (Compiled by Vishal Sridhar)
São Paulo, April 12 Oi SA, the Brazilian phone carrier under bankruptcy protection, is launching tailor-made client plans that can be modified through an app, in an effort to recover market share in an increasingly competitive industry.
As part of the plan unveiled on Wednesday, Oi clients will be able to swap voice minutes for data, said Bernardo Winik, the company's head of retail. The move is another step toward consolidating the Oi Livre sales platform, which launched in December 2015 and now has 16.4 million subscribers. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Frances Kerry)
TORONTO — The Canadian team behind the animated film "The Breadwinner" hopes Monday's Golden Globe nomination will shine a light on its timely subject matter and promote empathy.
The film stars the voice of Toronto actor Saara Chaudry as 11-year-old Parvana, who disguises themselves as a boy in order to support their family while their father is wrongfully imprisoned by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001.
The film is a Canadian co-production and has a homegrown cast, about half of whom are Muslim and have Afghan heritage. Oscar-winning actor-director Angelina Jolie is an executive producer.
"Everyone keeps saying that this is a film that's come out at the right time because of what's going on, especially in the States, the Muslim ban, and I think this is a film that can actually help shed a light on what's going on around the world that we're not normally used to — especially that's a film for kids," Andrew Rosen, a Toronto producer on the film, said in a phone interview after the Golden Globe nominations were announced.
"We've had a lot of kids watch this and ask their parents and ask at Q-and-As, 'Is this real' or 'Did this happen 100 years ago?' And we have to say 'No, this is happening now.' I think it's really helpful when families go see it, for families to actually have this conversation with their kids."
"The Breadwinner," which was nominated for best animated film, is adapted from Canadian author Deborah Ellis's children's novel. The book is based on the testimony of Afghan women they spoke with in refugee camps in Pakistan.
Irish animator Nora Twomey directed and acclaimed Canadian composers Jeff Danna and Mychael Danna did the score for the film, which is open in several cities in Canada and the U.S.
Rosen and their Aircraft Pictures partner Anthony Leo have been working on the project since 2009.
The other co-producing countries are Ireland and Luxembourg.
"It's a film that shows the effects of war on ordinary people and we don't see that nearly enough, and I think it will help inform our decisions about whether or not we allow our governments to go to war," Ellis said Monday from their home in Simcoe, Ont.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday ordered a Russian-owned corporation to pay a $5.9 million settlement it reached last year with U.S. prosecutors over allegations that it laundered proceeds of a $230 million tax fraud.
The company, Prevezon Holdings Ltd, had previously refused to pay the settlement to the U.S. government. Prevezon, which is owned by Russian business person Denis Katsyv, argued that the deal did not require it to pay until authorities in the Netherlands released certain assets they had frozen there.
“Adopting Prevezon's view could result in bizarre consequences, namely delaying Prevezon's payment in perpetuity based on some unspecified release that has yet to occur,” U.S. District Judge William Pauley wrote in Friday's decision ordering Prevezon to pay.
Kevin Reed, a lawyer for Prevezon, declined to comment.
The case, which New York federal prosecutors brought in 2013, has attracted attention in part because Prevezon's legal team includes Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
U.S. authorities had sought to seize more than $20 million in Manhattan real estate and bank accounts from Prevezon and related companies. Prosecutors claimed the companies were used to launder money stolen by corrupt Russian tax officials.
Prevezon did not admit wrongdoing in the settlement, which was announced in May 2017 just as the case was about to go to trial.
U.S. authorities said tax fraud and money laundering by Prevezon were first uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky, Russian accountant for investment firm Hermitage Capital.
After going public with the accusations, Magnitsky was arrested on tax evasion charges and died in prison a year later, prosecutors said.
The Kremlin's human rights council found that Magnitsky likely died from a beating delivered by guards and medical neglect. Russian authorities have said Magnitsky death was caused by heart failure, not foul play.
In 2012, at the urging of Magnitsky's former employer, Hermitage Capital CEO William Browder, Washington passed a law freezing any U.S. assets of Russian investigators and prosecutors said to have been involved in the accountant's detention. In retaliation, Moscow barred Americans from adopting Russian children. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
BERN, April 28 The Swiss National Bank could cut rates deeper into negative territory and step up currency market interventions if necessary to pursue its ultra-loose policy and rein in the strong Swiss franc, Chairman Thomas Jordan said on Friday.
"Given low inflation and underutilisation of production capacity, maintaining an expansionary monetary policy in Switzerland is the right course of action to take. The Swiss franc is still significantly overvalued," they said in remarks prepared for the central bank's annual general meeting.
"We will continue to make the most of our monetary policy latitude in the future. If necessary, we can lower the negative interest rate further or buy additional foreign currency," they said, although the SNB would carefully weigh the costs and benefits of any move.
Jordan noted that global economic sentiment had become "really quite positive" but stressed that significant political uncertainties remained.
"Within the euro area, the French elections are currently dominating the headlines. Uncertainty persists about how Brexit will unfold. Looking across the Atlantic, there are still a number of questions concerning the new U.S. administration's future economic and trading policy," they said.
Negative interest rates and currency interventions have been the SNB's main tools for two years as it tries to tame the franc amid demand by investors for the safe-haven currency whose strength makes life hard for Switzerland's export-based economy.
SNB foreign currency purchases have swelled its foreign currency reserves to 683 billion Swiss francs ($686.50 billion), a figure larger than Swiss GDP.
The SNB's heavy currency interventions landed it on the U.S. Treasury's watch list of potential currency manipulators.
The International Monetary Fund has said the bank should make more use of negative interest rates.
The SNB charges -0.75 percent on sight deposits it holds for commercial banks, a policy which has been criticised as an increased burden for banks, pension funds and insurers.
Despite the franc's weakening versus the euro after the success of centrist Emmanuel Macron over anti-EU candidate Marine Le Pen in the first round of French presidential elections, analysts expect the SNB to remain active.
"I don't think that they will become complacent and despite Macron being the favourite now, the SNB will prepare for both outcomes: a Macron win but also a Le Pen win," said Alessandro Bee, an economist at UBS.
Jordan cited the challenges of coping with the SNB's large balance sheet and big fluctuations in its annual results.
"Occasional losses, however substantial, are not fundamentally a problem for our monetary policy. As a central bank, we could still operate even if our equity capital were to become negative for a certain period. Nevertheless, this is something we are determined to avoid," they said.
($1 = 0.9949 Swiss francs) (Editing by Michael Shields)
WASHINGTON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Monday will order their top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property, senior administration officials said on Saturday.
The move, which could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods, comes at a time when Trump has asked China to do more to crack down on North Korea's nuclear missile program as they threaten possible military action against Pyongyang.
Trump has said they would be more amenable to going easy on Beijing if it were more aggressive in reining in North Korea.
An administration official, however, insisted diplomacy over North Korea and the potential trade probe were "totally unrelated," saying the trade action was not a pressure tactic.
"These are two different things," the official said, speaking to reporters on a conference call.
Trump will direct U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine if an investigation is warranted of "any of China's laws, policies, practices or actions that may be unreasonable or discriminatory, and that may be harming American intellectual property, innovation and technology," the official said.
"China's unfair trade practices and industrial policies, including forced technology transfer and intellectual property theft, harm the U.S. economy and workers," a second official told reporters. "The action being taken on Monday is a reflection of the president's firm commitment to addressing this problem in a firm way."
Any investigation that may be launched could take as long as a year to conclude, a third official said. They said it would be premature to speculate on actions that could eventually be taken against China, and added that the issue could be resolved through "negotiated agreement."
Trump, who will interrupt a 17-day working vacation to make a day trip to Washington for the trade announcement, had been expected to seek a so-called Section 301 investigation earlier this month, but an announcement was postponed as the White House pressed for China's cooperation on North Korea.
While China joined in a unanimous U.N. Security Council decision to tighten economic sanctions on Pyongyang, Trump has kept up pressure on Beijing to do more.
"We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel," they told reporters on Thursday. "If China helps us, I feel a lot different toward trade."
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by telephone on Friday and reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the White House said in a statement. It was unclear whether the issue of trade came up.
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, a popular trade tool in the 1980s that has been rarely used in the past decade, allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries from "unfair trade practices" of foreign countries.
The process can bypass World Trade Organization procedures for adjudicating grievances. Though widely used worldwide, the WTO process is viewed unfavorably by the Trump administration.
"We're at the beginning of this process and no firm decisions have been made as to how that is going to work in terms of whether we would pursue WTO action or action outside the WTO," the first administration official said.
In addition to the United States, the European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern about Chinese theft of intellectual property. The technology sector has been especially hard-hit in intellectual property disputes. (Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Tim Ahmann and Sandra Maler)
WASHINGTON, April 20 President Donald Trump launched an investigation on Thursday to determine whether Chinese and other foreign-made steel threatens U.S. national security, raising the possibility of new tariffs and triggering a rally in U.S. steel stocks.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross cast the decision to initiate the probe as a response to Chinese exports of steel into the United States reaching the point where they now have 26 percent of the market. Chinese steel imports are up nearly 20 percent in the early months of this year alone, they said.
The unusual step of launching an investigation comes as Trump is pressuring China to do more to rein in an increasingly belligerent North Korea. When Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Trump in Florida earlier this month, Trump raised the possibility of using trade as a lever to coax China to do more.
Ross told reporters that Chinese steel exports have continued to rise "despite repeated Chinese claims that they were going to reduce their steel capacity when in fact they have been increasing it consistently ... It's a very serious impact on the domestic industry," Ross said at a White House briefing with reporters.
Trump signed a directive asking for a speedy probe under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 at a White House event that included chief executives of several U.S. steel companies. The law allows the president to impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security.
News of the move triggered a rally for steel stocks, including Steel Dynamics Inc, AK Steel, US Steel, Nucor, Cliffs Natural Resources, and Allegheny Technologies.
Administration officials said there are national security implications from imports of steel alloys that are used in products such as the armor plating of ships and require a lot of expertise to create and produce.
The move is another step in Trump's "America First" policies in which they have tried to boost U.S. manufacturers and preserve American jobs.
The Commerce Department will have 270 days to complete the probe. Ross said they expected it to be done much sooner. Trump's directive asked that the investigation be conducted with all deliberate speed. Ross, a former steel executive, said the investigation was "self-initiated."
The American Iron and Steel Institute, which lobbies on behalf of the industry, said it supports the White House move.
"Massive global steel overcapacity has resulted in record levels of dumped and subsidized foreign steel coming into the U.S. and the loss of nearly 14,000 steel jobs," said institute President Thomas Gibson in a statement.
"The administration launching this investigation is an impactful way to help address the serious threat posed by these unfair foreign trade practices." (Additional reporting by Luciana Lopez and Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Nick Zieminski)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Michael Buble's wife Luisana Lopilato is reportedly pregnant with the couple's third child.
The 30-year-old model and actor is allegedly two and a half months into their third pregnancy, according to Argentinian journalist Laura Ufbal, and the pair are reported to be planning to tell their families next month.
Michael, 42, and Luisana already have sons Noah, four, and Elias, two, together.
Luisana's actor brother Dario recently laughed nervously and stumbled over their words when they were asked about the news during a recent TV interview.
They said: "I wouldn't be able to tell you... I swear the truth is I couldn't tell because I don't, I don't, I don't know.
"When it comes to thinking about [names], I prefer it to be something specific because you begin to get excited. So I really couldn't tell you."
And Luisana has recently admitted they would love to expand their brood with Michael.
They said: "I would love to have another child because being a mother is the best role. I would love to have 20 children but my body wouldn't be up to it."
Noah was diagnosed with cancer in 2016 but Michael has revealed that the child is "progressing well" following their treatment.
Speaking previously, the Canadian vocalist said: "We are so grateful to report that our son Noah has been progressing well during their treatment and the doctors are very optimistic about the future for our little boy.
BRUSSELS They have much in common, in public and private life, affirm a mutual respect and will be spending plenty of time in one another's company, but Brexit negotiators David Davis and Michel Barnier are poles apart on Europe.
Born into the tough postwar years, Brexit Secretary Davis in England and the European Commission's Barnier in France, they both built careers on the right of politics, but often as outsiders, priding themselves on their personal links to the common people and keeping aloof from the elite.
They got to know each other quite well personally when they both sat on a panel of European affairs ministers in the mid-1990s looking at reforming the bloc.
Some personal chemistry may help to prevent the complex talks from descending into acrimony as Davis pushes to get the best divorce terms for Britain while Barnier negotiates on behalf of the 27 remaining EU states.
But Barnier's career has left them a profound believer in European unity, while Davis is a eurosceptic of long standing.
Barnier, 66, cherishes strong links with their rugged homeland in the Savoy Alps, seeking energy in mountain walking, a passion they share with the 68-year-old Davis, once an army special forces reservist who grew up in rough south London and who, like Barnier, is married with three children.
OUTSIDERS
In France, Barnier rose young and fast in Gaullist politics after an education at a Paris business school.
But while they won respect running the 1992 Winter Olympics, and as a minister for the environment and later agriculture as well as a European Commissioner, a Parisian elite coached in the prestigious ENA civil service college never took them for one of its own. It scoffed at a perceived lack of wit and brilliance during their brief tenure speaking for France as foreign minister.
Davis also went to business school, in London, after grammar school and Warwick University -- like Barnier's, a CV short on the establishment glamour that Eton and Oxbridge conferred on many of their rivals, including David Cameron, who in 2005 would beat Davis to the Conservative Party leadership.
Davis, who won a reputation as a rough-tongued "bruiser" when shadow home affairs minister, had the last laugh, however: Cameron gambled by calling last year's Brexit referendum to try and silence Davis and other raucous eurosceptics -- and lost.
While Barnier was moving almost seamlessly from education to politics, Davis had a 15-year career in business in the 1970s and 80s, at the sugar refiner Tate and Lyle, a company that took a stand last year for Brexit and, since Davis's time there, has long complained about EU tariffs hurting cane sugar imports.
Barnier is "more European than French", according to one senior EU official who has worked with him. Davis makes no secret of their deep dislike of the supranational institutions.
As they climb together the mountain of challenges that Brexit represents, millions of Europeans will be hoping that their shared interests can prevent them falling off a cliff-edge through a breakdown in talks.
(Editing by Gareth Jones and Mark Trevelyan)
The Warriors committed 25 turnovers but the Kings rarely took advantage and finished with 19 points off the miscues.
"It's a lot of stuff that we can correct," Durant said. "Stick to our fundamentals and we'll cut those turnovers down. But for the most part I like where our defence was."
Curry added 23 points and six assists, Klay Thompson scored 20 points and Green had 13 points, nine rebounds and six assists for Golden State.
Both teams were playing the front end of back-to-back games.
Durant, who missed an easy uncontested layup on a drive from the baseline, fueled the win despite sitting out much of the first half following Golden State's slow start. They scored 15 points in the second quarter on 6-for-7 shooting, had a key three-point play early in the fourth and then helped the Warriors close out the win late.
Zach Randolph had 18 points and seven rebounds, Justin Jackson scored 17 and De'Aaron Fox added 16 point and six assists for Sacramento.
Joerger, who was called for a technical in the fourth quarter, returned after briefly dropping to their knees during Sunday's game in San Antonio. Joerger missed the remainder of that game and did not coach in New Orleans on Thursday.
"It was a good game," Joerger said. "I was propping up my beverage over there to keep me hydrated."
DEEP AND DEEPER
The Warriors won another lopsided game despite being without Shaun Livingston (personal reasons), Jordan Bell (left ankle), Andre Igoudala (rest) and David West (rest).
"That's just the beauty of having a deep team," Durant said. "We could give guys like (Kevon) Looney and Omri (Caspi) and Patty (McCaw) those minutes. It's an opportunity for the young guys to step up. It's only going to make us better as a group."
TIP-INS
Warriors: It wasn't the crispest of games but it was a much better effort than Golden State had in their 129-99 loss to Utah. Most encouraging for Kerr's team was that they rallied after falling behind by double digits early in the first, with the comeback coming while four of the starters were on the bench. That depth continues to be the Warriors the best weapon.
Kings: Sacramento had a chance to take control early in the game but couldn't sustain the early momentum. The defence, which helped start the comeback in the fourth, fell apart late and allowed the Warriors to shoot 55 per cent for the game.
UP NEXT
Warriors: At Denver on Saturday.
Kings: Host Dallas on Saturday.
By Michael Wagaman, The Associated Press
Feb 2(Reuters) - Everbright Jiabao Co Ltd
* Says it issued 2018 first tranche non-public debt financing instruments worth 1 billion yuan, with interest rate of 6.9 percent
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/Tupz8T
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Apranga APB:
* Says unaudited consolidated profit before income tax of the group amounted to 2.2 million euros during three months of 2017
* Says the group has made profit of 1.2 million euros in same period of 2016 (increase by 91.9 percent)
* Says EBITDA of group was 3.8 million euros during three months 2017, and increased by 44 pct comparing to corresponding year 2016 period
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
They didn't have much to cheer about on a sunny Saturday morning.
A nip-and-tuck start gave way to complete first-half dominance by the Cowboys, who at one point had more second-chance points (18) than the Jayhawks had total (16).
One of the nation's most prolific 3-point shooting teams, the Jayhawks were relegated to dumping the ball to Azubuike in the post. And the big fella was unable to keep up with Oklahoma State's own 3-point barrage, which at one point stretched the lead to 18 points late in the half.
Kansas coach Bill Self, who typically stalks the sideline, instead sat glumly as their team followed a 3-for-15 start from the field with three consecutive turnovers.
The Jayhawks' 46-33 halftime deficit matched their biggest of the season.
"Right from the jump," Self said, "they were so much quicker and more competitive."
Kansas dug into its disadvantage early in the second half, quickly trimming the lead to seven points on Newman's flurry of baskets. But for the next 10 minutes, the Cowboys matched the Jayhawks shot-for-shot, answering each attempt at starting a run with a crucial rebound or big basket.
The Cowboys still clung to a 78-71 lead after Newman missed a foul shot with about two minutes left, and Smith scored twice as the Jayhawks were trying to foul them to keep a comfortable lead.
Kansas finally got the game to one possession, only for Smith to hit the clinching foul shots.
"It's very frustrating," said Graham, who has been hobbled the last week by a knee injury. "We're way better on the road than we have been at home. We have to find a way to come out and crush teams the way they came out and stepped on our throats today."
120 YEARS OF HOOPS
The Jayhawks recognized the birth of its basketball program during a halftime ceremony, highlighted by the 30th anniversary of their 1988 title team. There was also a reunion banquet Saturday night with more than 400 players, staff and coaches from every era expected to attend.
BIG PICTURE
Oklahoma State had a 41-28 advantage on the glass, which produced a 26-7 advantage in second-chance points. That kind of hustle infuriated Self and proved too much for Kansas to overcome.
Kansas' shooting went wayward as the Cowboys mixed zone and man-to-man defences. The Jayhawks were 8 of 22 from beyond the 3-point arc, and several of those makes were in desperation time.
UP NEXT
Oklahoma State returns home against Baylor on Tuesday night.
Kansas continues its homestand Tuesday night against TCU.
___
More AP college basketball: collegebasketball.ap.org and twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Dave Skretta, The Associated Press
OTTAWA — A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case key chains on Parliament Hill, urging everyone they see to carry a couple of potentially life-saving Aspirin.
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown's fatal collapse earlier this month in their Parliament Hill office, they felt the need to do something — so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the key chains to hand out on the Hill and in their Niagara Falls riding.
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit, arguing that people are more likely to carry the key chains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet.
Nicholson announced the initiative Wednesday alongside Brown's widow, Claudine Courtois.
They say the idea is to have Aspirin on hand at all times, to be chewed when the symptoms strike — a measure that's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives.
Nicholson says they were at a conference a few years back when they heard about others carrying Aspirin key chains, and was inspired to carry one himself.
They also say it would be an "excellent idea" for the House of Commons to install defibrillators, something he's heard from others over the years.
Following their news conference, Nicholson handed a key-chain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes.
"Love it," they said, adding, "You always know where your keys are."
MIAMI — Brian Beard Jr. hit two 3-pointers in the final three seconds to give Florida International a come-from-behind 71-68 win over Louisiana Tech in a wild finish to a Conference USA battle on Saturday night.
Beard tied the game at 68-68 on a 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds left. Jy'lan Washington turned the ball over on ensuing in-bounds play, giving FIU the ball near mid-court. Beard caught the in-bounds mass near the jump circle, dribbled twice and launched a desperation shot that connected at the buzzer for the win.
Beard, who scored 23 points to spur the Panthers 76-70 win over Southern Miss Thursday, finished with 19 points and dished 10 assists. Eric Lockett scored 15 points and Trejon Jacob added another 12 for FIU (11-13, 5-6).
Amorie Archibald got the Bulldogs even with a free throw with 1:04 left and Washington and Oliver Powell each hit two from the line to put LaTech up, 68-65 with :10 left.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
(Updates with phone call between Trump, Xi and background on implications of possible investigation)
WASHINGTON, Aug 11 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will call on Monday for their chief trade adviser to investigate China's intellectual property practices, website Politico reported, citing an unnamed administration official.
Trump had been expected to order a so-called Section 301 investigation under the 1974 Trade Act earlier this month, but action had been postponed as the White House pressed for China's cooperation in reining in North Korea's nuclear program.
Politico said it was not clear how much detail Trump would provide in their announcement, but that administration officials expected U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to open a section 301 probe.
Officials at the White House and U.S. Trade Representative's office were not immediately available for comment.
Trump has suggested they would go easier on China if it were more forceful in getting North Korea to rein in its nuclear weapons program.
While China joined in a unanimous U.N. Security Council decision to tighten economic sanctions on Pyongyang over its long-range missile tests, it is not clear whether Trump thinks Beijing is doing enough.
"We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel," they told reporters on Thursday. "If China helps us, I feel a lot different toward trade."
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping spoke by phone on Friday night. They reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the White House said in a statement.
"President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior," the statement said.
The White House said the "relationship between the two presidents is an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem."
Trump will make a day trip to Washington, D.C., on Monday, briefly interrupting their 17-day August working vacation, a White House official said on Friday.
Politico said the investigation would not mean immediate sanctions, but could ultimately lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods.
In addition to the United States, the European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern about China's behavior on intellectual property theft. The technology sector has been especially hard hit in IP disputes.
Trump's threat to investigate China's intellectual property and trade practices is valid, but their administration may not be up to the delicate task of carrying out a new China probe without sparking a damaging trade war, U.S. business lobbyists said last week. (Reporting by Tim Ahmann and Brendan O'Brien; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Adrian Croft)
May 3 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* Avocet Mining shares suspended after accounts delay on.ft.com/2oVCWIa
* Trump and Putin discuss moves towards Syria peace on.ft.com/2oVw3qf
* Brussels hoists gross Brexit 'bill' to 100 bln euros on.ft.com/2oVxLb9
* KKR blocks new business from Barclays after Staley spat on.ft.com/2oVC5Hg
Overview
- Gold miner Avocet Mining's shares have been suspended after it failed to meet a deadline to publish its annual accounts. It's biggest shareholder is Elliott Associates.
- Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump talked paths towards Syria's peace, in a second interaction between both the presidents since Trump took office in January.
- EU has raised the opening demand for Britain's Brexit bill to be a payment of up to 100 billion euros ($109.32 billion). EU negotiators revised initial calculations to maximise the liabilities Britain is asked to cover.
- KKR blocked Barclays from winning new mandates at the U.S. private equity group in protest on how the bank's CEO Jes Staley took their brother-in-law's dispute over a failed Brazilian deal.
($1 = 0.9147 euros) (Compiled by Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
KUALA LUMPUR, March 28 Malaysia on Tuesday extended a moratorium on bauxite mining by a further three months to June 30, looking to clear remaining stockpiles of the aluminium raw material as it presses the industry to halt damage to the environment.
Natural Resources and Environment Minister Wan Junaidi Tuanku Jaafar said 2.15 million tonnes of bauxite still remained around Kuantan, the port capital of key bauxite producing state Pahang, from a total of 5.4 million tonnes before the moratorium was first imposed.
Malaysia's largely unregulated bauxite industry ramped up output in 2014 to fill a supply gap after Indonesia banned exports, but the frenetic pace of digging led to a public outcry over water contamination and other environmental damage.
The government imposed a three-month ban on bauxite mining in January last year, and has extended it several times as it waits for the stockpiles to be run down.
"As of Feb. 28, only 3.25 million metric tonnes of bauxite were exported," Wan Junaidi said in a statement, although they added that some mining was still going on despite the moratorium.
"The extension of the moratorium will give space to industry players to clear existing stockpiles and prepare measures to mitigate pollution across the bauxite mining and export supply chain," they said.
Angry residents have protested over the contamination of water sources and the destruction of the environment in a region where heavy rains lead to bauxite runoff.
(Reporting by Emily Chow; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Hi,
I had the pleasure to be interviewed by Sam about XtremIO X2 @ The Source Podcast is hosted by Sam Marraccini (@SamMarraccini)
http://thesource.libsyn.com/89-introducing-xtremio-x2?tdest_id=300181
RAVAN CubeSat measures Earth's outgoing energy
by Samson Reiny for NASA Earth Science News
Greenbelt MD (SPX) Aug 14, 2017
An experimental small satellite has successfully collected and delivered data on a key measurement for predicting changes in Earth's climate.
The Radiometer Assessment using Vertically Aligned Nanotubes (RAVAN) CubeSat was launched into low-Earth orbit on Nov. 11, 2016, in order to test new technologies that help to measure Earth's radiation imbalance, which is the difference between the amount of energy from the Sun that reaches Earth and the amount that is reflected and emitted back into space. That difference, estimated to be less than one percent, is responsible for global warming and climate change.
Designed to measure the amount of reflected solar and thermal energy that is emitted into space, RAVAN employs two technologies that have never before been used on an orbiting spacecraft: carbon nanotubes that absorb outbound radiation and a gallium phase change blackbody for calibration.
Among the blackest known materials, carbon nanotubes absorb virtually all energy across the electromagnetic spectrum. Their absorptive property makes them well suited for accurately measuring the amount of energy reflected and emitted from Earth. Gallium is a metal that melts - or changes phase - at around body temperature, making it a consistent reference point. RAVAN's radiometers measure the amount of energy absorbed by the carbon nanotubes, and the gallium phase change cells monitor the stability of the radiometers.
RAVAN began collecting and sending radiation data on Jan. 25 and has now been in operation for well past its original six-month mission timeframe.
"We've been making Earth radiation measurements with the carbon nanotubes and doing calibrations with the gallium phase change cells, so we've successfully met our mission objectives," said Principal Investigator Bill Swartz of Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland. They and their team are now monitoring RAVAN in the longer term to see how much the instrument changes over time and are also performing data analysis and comparing its measurements with existing model simulations of outgoing Earth radiation.
While the technology demonstration comprises a single CubeSat, in practice a future RAVAN mission would operate many CubeSats in a constellation. Instruments for measuring Earth's outgoing energy are currently housed aboard a few large satellites, and while they have a high spatial resolution they cannot observe the entire planet simultaneously the way a constellation of RAVAN CubeSats could, Swartz explained.
"We know that outgoing radiation from Earth varies widely over time depending on variables such as clouds or aerosols or temperature changes," Swartz said. "A constellation can provide a global, 24/7 coverage that would improve these measurements."
"This successful technology demonstration realizes the potential of a new observation scenario to get at a very difficult measurement using constellation missions," said Charles Norton, program area associate for the Earth Science Technology Office (ESTO) at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. "In terms of its impact for CubeSats and Smallsats for NASA, I think It has helped to bring forward another example of how this platform can be successfully used for technology maturation, validation and science."
RAVAN and other Earth science CubeSat missions are funded and managed by NASA's Earth Science Technology Office (ESTO) in the Earth Science Division. ESTO supports technologists at NASA centers, industry and academia to develop and refine new methods for observing Earth from space, from information systems to new components and instruments.
Small satellites, including CubeSats, are playing an increasingly larger role in exploration, technology demonstration, scientific research and educational investigations at NASA, including: planetary space exploration; Earth observations; fundamental Earth and space science; and developing precursor science instruments like cutting-edge laser communications, satellite-to-satellite communications and autonomous movement capabilities.
West Lafayette IN (SPX) Aug 09, 2017
A new type of micropropulsion system for miniature satellites called CubeSats uses an innovative design of tiny nozzles that release precise bursts of water vapor to maneuver the spacecraft. Low-cost "microsatellites" and "nanosatellites" far smaller than conventional spacecraft, have become increasingly prevalent. Thousands of the miniature satellites might be launched to perform a variet ... read more
Related Links
LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser (RB.L) is reviewing strategic options for its small food business, it said on Monday, as it seeks to pay down debt following its planned $16.6 billion purchase of Mead Johnson (MJN.N).
A sale of the business, which includes French's mustard and Frank's RedHot sauce, could fetch more than 2.4 billion pounds ($3 billion), British newspaper The Sunday Times reported.
The company said the food subsidiary was not one of its core businesses and that it would update the market when appropriate.
The food brands, which had 2016 sales of 411 million pounds and like-for-like growth of 5 percent, could fit into the portfolios of other firms, such as Heinz ketchup maker Kraft-Heinz (KHC.O) or Hellmann's mayonnaise maker Unilever (ULVR.L).
Those companies are both in the spotlight following Kraft's failed bid for Unilever in February. Unilever is also due to announce the results of a strategic review in the coming weeks that could include the sale of some of its food brands.
Reckitt's food business has long been seen by analysts as a possible candidate for sale, given the company's increasing focus on consumer health products such as Durex condoms, Nurofen tablets and Strepsils throat lozenges.
Reckitt said in February it would buy baby formula maker Mead Johnson, in a surprise deal that gives it a new product line and boosts its business in developing markets.
(Editing by Susan Thomas and David Clarke)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Germany, Italy push for changes to Europe's rules on bank failure
BRUSSELS, June 14 European Union regulators should consider the social impact of winding down banks when they apply new liquidation rules that could affect depositors, retail investors and senior bondholders, a German-Italian joint paper said.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Iowa forward Tyler Cook will withdraw their name from NBA Draft consideration and return to the Hawkeyes for their junior season.
Cook announced their decision on Wednesday, which means the Hawkeyes are getting their best player back after a trying 2017-18 season.
Cook averaged team highs of 15.3 points and 6.8 rebounds a game for Iowa, which finished 14-19. But the return of Cook and fellow junior Isaiah Moss — who also withdrew from NBA Draft consideration — should put the Hawkeyes in position to improve next winter.
Iowa will also bring in prized recruit Joe Wieskamp, perhaps the only recruit more highly touted than Cook in coach Fran McCaffery's eight seasons with the Hawkeyes.
March 30 International Public Partnerships Ltd :
* Full year results for the 12 months to 31 dec 16
* Fy net asset value ('nav') growth of 24.3 pct to £1.6 billion (2015: £1.3 billion)
* Fy nav per share growth of 9.2 pct to 142.2 pence (2015: 130.2 pence)
* Fy ifrs profit before tax increase of 119.4 pct to £175.3 million (2015: £79.9 million)
* Full-Year dividend increase of c.2.5 pct to 6.65 pence per share (2015: 6.45 pence per share) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel speaks during a news conference with their Greek counterpart Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the ministry in Athens, Greece, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
BERLIN German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday that negotiations about Britain's exit from the European Union would be tough before getting easier.
"The Brexit negotiations with the United Kingdom that the European Union will lead for us won't be easy - some people know the saying that ... things will get difficult before they get easier again - that applies to these talks," said Gabriel.
Gabriel also said that the EU's remaining 27 states expected Britain to keep to its financial obligations.
"There is in no discount for Britons in the Brexit talks," they said.
Media reports have suggested Britain may have to pay some 50 billion to 60 billion pounds ($62 billion to $74 billion) to honour existing EU budget commitments as it negotiates its departure from the bloc.
However, Britain's Brexit minister David Davis said earlier they did not expect this to be the case and added that the time of huge sums being paid to Brussels was coming to an end.
Gabriel also said they expected Brexit negotiations to start from the end of May and reiterated that London would not be able to enjoy the benefits of the EU's single market while imposing its own controls on immigration.
"We have always rightly stressed that the single market is not an la carte menu - its four freedoms are inseparable and that includes the freedom of movement of people ... London has understood that," they said.
Gabriel also stressed in their speech that they wanted Germany to remain on good terms with Britain. "We must stay friends ... maybe apart from when we are on the football pitch."
($1 = 0.8020 pounds)
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Michelle Martin; Editing by Toby Davis)
Company logos of China Unicom are displayed at a news conference during the company's announcement of its annual results in Hong Kong, China March 16, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG State-owned China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd (0762.HK) said its top shareholder China United Network Communications Ltd (600050.SS) was reviewing its ownership structure as Beijing puts pressure on telcos to bring in private investors and boost competition.
The country's big telecommunication firms - China Unicom, China Telecom Corp Ltd (0728.HK) and China Mobile Ltd 0941.K - are all units of unwieldy state-owned enterprises.
Those parent firms are seen as overstaffed, inefficient and slow to develop key technologies, prompting the call to bring in private firms, which have shot ahead in developing cloud and big data services as well as mobile software.
China Unicom will be among the first batch of state-owned enterprises expected to introduce private shareholders in a pilot scheme of ownership reform.
The Shanghai-listed parent company will be used as a platform for the mixed ownership reform, China Unicom said in a filing to the Hong Kong bourse late on Wednesday.
"As the related plan for these matters is still under further deliberation, these matters are still subject to substantial uncertainty," added China Unicom, in which China United Network owns a 75.94 percent stake.
Hong Kong-listed shares of China Unicom, which were halted on Wednesday, opened up 3.1 percent as trade resumed on Thursday at HK$11.2($1.44)- the highest since October 2015. But the gains were erased later with the shares down about 1 percent by 0255 GMT.
China United Network, which was also halted on Wednesday, said it will remain suspended from trading until further notice.
China Unicom, the worst-performing telco among the three state-owned firms, said in October that it was included in the pilot mixed ownership reform scheme. Last month, it reported a 94 percent drop in profit for 2016.
Analysts expect the company to face further headwinds this year due to the government's call on telco operators to lower rates.
(Reporting by Donny Kwok and Sijia Jiang; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Sandy Alomar Jr. is steady on the Mets' radar.
The former All-Star catcher — who finished their career with the Mets in 2007 — is under strong consideration to be interviewed for the team's managerial position, an industry source said Friday.
Alomar joins Robin Ventura, Joe McEwing, Alex Cora, Kevin Long, Bob Geren and Chip Hale among the potential candidates in which the Mets have strong interest, although it's unclear if general manager Sandy Alderson has yet contacted anybody about the job.
The 51-year-old Alomar has drawn managerial interest in recent years. They were a finalist for the Indians job — after serving as interim manager — when the team hired Terry Francona after the 2012 season. Alomar also interviewed for the Diamondbacks' opening following the 2014 season, when Hale was hired.
Alomar, who serves as the Indians' first-base coach, threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the ALDS against the Yankees on Thursday. Twenty years earlier they hit one of the biggest postseason home runs in Indians' history, against Mariano Rivera, to eliminate the Yankees from the ALDS.
Alomar's father, Sandy Sr., served as a Mets coach under managers Willie Randolph and Jerry Manuel.
The Mets could view Alomar Jr., a native of Puerto Rico, as somebody who would connect with the team's Latin players. And the fact they are a former catcher can only help as the Mets continue to make the organization's young pitchers the focal point of next season.
Alomar spent 2008-09 with the Mets as a catching instructor before taking a coaching position with the Indians.
McEwing interviewed with the Tigers in recent days for their managerial vacancy and also could be a fit for the Phillies. Cora could also be a candidate for the Tigers job, and potentially the Red Sox should they dump manager John Farrell.
Geren, the Dodgers bench coach, is most familiar to Alderson after spending four seasons as Terry Collins' top lieutenant. Geren interviewed for the Dodgers' managerial vacancy following the 2015 season — the job went to Dave Roberts — but settled for the bench coach job in part because they wanted a return to their West Coast roots. Geren has previous managerial experience, with the Athletics, and is well-respected for their understanding of analytics. But they also had a communication breakdown that led to relievers Huston Street and Brian Fuentes publicly criticizing him.
Cora, the Astros bench coach, is also analytics savvy, and the native of Puerto Rico would also likely connect strongly with the team's Latin players, which shouldn't be discounted given the importance of Yoenis Cespedes and Amed Rosario to the club.
Long, the Mets hitting coach, has never managed above Single-A, but appeals to team officials because of their communication skills and the respect they receive in the clubhouse. Long is unsigned beyond Oct. 31, but Alderson has indicated they would expect the hitting coach to return if not offered the manager's job.
Ventura played for the Mets from 1999-2001 and spent five seasons managing the White Sox, but four times their teams finished fourth or lower in the AL Central.
Hale, a former Mets third base coach, was a finalist for the job when Collins was hired, following the 2010 season. Hale later spent two seasons managing the Diamondbacks.
"Some of the best stuff I've ever seen," Rizzo said.
In only their second post-season appearance — remember the shutdown of 2012 and the arm injury of 2016? — the righty showed precisely the sort of power and poise that made them the No. 1 pick in baseball's amateur draft. Until the sixth inning, that is. That's when everything changed in a matter of minutes.
Until then, the Cubs managed only one baserunner, and that was via a walk. But Baez led off with a bouncer that Rendon gloved, then bobbled while trying to transfer it to their throwing hand. It was Rendon's first error since July 22; they made only seven in 145 regular-season games.
After Hendricks' bunt moved Baez to second, 2016 NL MVP Bryant lined Strasburg's 60th pitch, a four-seam fastball, to right-centre for the game's first run. Harper's throw was high, and Bryant went to second. Two pitches later, on another fastball, Rizzo sent a sinking shot to right, where Harper came up just short of a diving catch, and suddenly it was 2-0.
As pitching coach Mike Maddux came out for a mound visit with Strasburg, Rizzo whooped it up at the bag, high-fiving first base coach Brandon Hyde.
Strasburg wound up allowing just those two unearned runs in seven innings, with three hits and one walk.
"We waited them out and we took advantage of opportunities," Rizzo said.
Hendricks went about things differently — their best fastball is about 10 mph slower than Strasburg's — but was every bit as good. The slender righty from Dartmouth, who led the NL in ERA last season, did not give up a hit after the second inning. They walked three batters and struck out six.
In the Washington ninth, Ryan Zimmerman was called out when catcher Willson Contreras' throw hit the player in the back as they ran to first on a dropped third strike.
While the Cubs are no longer the "Lovable Losers" after last year's championship, the Nationals were the NL East champions for the fourth time in six seasons but have yet to win a playoff series.
Their undoing in the past has often been poor hitting and bad relief pitching, and it was the former that was most glaring this time.
Yes, Harper — wearing shoes with "Pray for Las Vegas" written on the side following the recent mass shooting in their hometown — did single in the first inning, but was 0 for 3 in their other at-bats as they try to regain their timing after returning recently from a long injury layoff. Rendon, Zimmerman, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner and Jayson Werth were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks.
SUSPENSION
Less than a half-hour before the game, the Nationals announced that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation. The team said the suspension is connected to a legal matter. The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
SCALISE'S PITCH
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch, less than four months after the Louisiana Republican was shot while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress. Scalise returned to the House last week.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Lester makes the 20th post-season start of their career, which includes three World Series titles and an NLCS MVP award last year.  They are 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA over their post-season career.
Nationals: Gonzalez goes in Game 2 instead of two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer, who is slated for Game 3 at Wrigley Field on Monday. Scherzer has been dealing with a sore right hamstring. It will be Gonzalez's first playoff start at home since Game 5 of the 2012 NLDS against St. Louis, when they were staked to a 6-0 lead in a game Washington lost 9-7.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Howard Fendrich, The Associated Press
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Organic Pigments Market Research Report, By Types (Acid and Base Dye, Diazo, Monoazo, Phthalocyanine and others), by Sources (Natural and Synthetic), by Application (Paint & Coating, Plastic, Textiles, Printing Inks and Other (Photo-Reprographics, Opto-Electronic Displays and Optical Data Storage)) – Forecast To 2022
Market Synopsis of Organic Pigments Market:
The global organic pigments market has experienced an enormous growth over the past decade and as per MRFR analysis, the global market will touch higher growth rate of around 4.5 % during the forecast years. The organic pigment market is completely driven by the increase usage of its application industries such as paint & coating, plastic, textiles, printing inks and other. Globally, the paint & coating market is boosting the overall market which in turn has created a platform for organic pigment manufacturers to cover the market. Several factors which has boosted the global organic pigment market could be considered as Cost effectiveness, Consistency and unique shades, good stability to solvents, non-toxic and others. Geographically, Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing as well as the largest market for organic pigment where China's contribution to the overall market has created several opportunities to the local as well as global players. Followed by this, North America and Europe will compete each other in terms of value and volume.
Study Objectives of Organic Pigments Market:
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 6 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Organic Pigments market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyze the Organic Pigments market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc.
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa.
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To provide country level analysis of the market for segments by types, by sources, by applications and by regions
To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global market
Key Players for Global Organic Pigments Market:
Some of the key players in this market are BASF SE, Dow Chemical Company, Huntsman Corporation, Nippon Kayaku Company Limited, Cabot Corporation, Clariant, Sensient Technologies, Synthesia, Shanghai Road Dyestuffs & Chemicals, Evonik Degussa, Ei Dupont De Nemours, Dic Corporation and others.
Request Sample of 2018-2025 Global Organic Pigments Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications @: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1687
Target Audience
Manufactures of end-use industry
Raw material Suppliers
Aftermarket suppliers
Research Institute / Education Institute
Potential Investors
Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Additional Information
Regulatory Landscape
Pricing Analysis
Macroeconomic Indicators
Geographic Analysis
Geographical analysis across 20 countries
The report for Global Organic Pigments Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/organic-pigments-market-1687
About Market Research Future:
we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
April 12 Hobonichi Co Ltd:
* Says it will issue 60,000 new shares through private placement, at the price of 1,912.5 yen per share, or 114.8 million yen, to Mizuho Securities Co Ltd
* Effective date April 17
* The total shares outstanding will become 2,314,400 after the issuance
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/16Ofll
Further company coverage: \ (Beijing Headline News)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A mechanic was nabbed when they were more than twice over the drink drive limit in Worksop after police spotted empty beer cans in their car, a court heard.
Wojciech Smolen's silver Audi was stopped on Kilton Hill, at 5.55pm, on November 24, while queueing at a police roadblock for a road traffic collision.
A test revealed they had 79 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, when the legal limit is 35 microgrammes.
Smolen, 31, of Station Street, Mansfield Woodhouse, admitted driving with excess alcohol, when they appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
The court heard they had a previous conviction for a driving matter, but it was not alcohol-related.
Morgan Hogarth, mitigating, said: “He accepts that they have been an absolute idiot. As part of their role as a car mechanic they need to test-drive vehicles. They will lose their job.”
Smolen was banned for 20 months, but was offered a drink drive rehab course which will reduce the length of the disqualification by 152 days if completed by January 2019.
They were fined £200 and ordered to pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 court costs.
File Photo: A Canadian dollar coin, commonly known as the ''Loonie'', is pictured in this illustration picture taken in Toronto January 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File Photo
BENGALURU The Canadian dollar will weaken over the coming months, pressured by an uncertain economic outlook and the prospect of higher interest rates in the United States even as the Bank of Canada stays on the sidelines, a Reuters poll showed.
While the loonie may gain a little in the short term on expectations of stronger first-quarter economic growth in Canada, the survey of close to 50 foreign exchange strategists showed it will weaken to C$1.35 per U.S. dollar in three months and close the year at the same level.
It is already 3 percent lower than at this time last year.
Even as the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates in March - its second hike in three months - and plans to hike twice more this year, the Canadian central bank is not expected to boost rates until 2018. It cut them twice in 2015. [CA/POLL]
"It is essentially a policy differential story," said Shaun Osborne, chief currency strategist at Scotiabank.
"Some people have started ... thinking that perhaps with the Federal Reserve now appearing a bit more fully committed to raising interest rates, that may mean something to Canada in the near- to medium-term ... which I think is way too premature."
Even though respondents expected the loonie to rise marginally in one month to C$1.34 from Wednesday's close of C$1.3434, the forecast range remained wide, running from C$1.28 to C$1.39.
"We are possibly looking at the early stages of a renewed sell-off in the Canadian dollar in the next few weeks," Osborne said. "There is just a lot of uncertainty here at the moment that rather suggests to me, anyway, that some of the strength we have seen in the Canadian data over the past few weeks is probably not sustainable."
Data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed that speculators have increased bearish bets on the Canadian dollar to the most since March 2016.
Wells Fargo, the top forecaster in Reuters FX polls in 2016, expects the currency to weaken 5 percent over the coming year to C$1.41.
CAUTION AHEAD
Despite a recent run of strong domestic data, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz has maintained a cautious stance on monetary policy, saying a premature rate hike could cause a recession in Canada as the economy has not yet fully recovered from the shock of weak oil prices.
The price of oil, one of Canada's key exports, at around $55 a barrel, is still down over 50 percent from its mid-2014 high. Commodity analysts polled by Reuters are still unsure if output curbs by OPEC members will be enough to offset the increase in U.S. production. [O/POLL]
That does not support Canada's highly indebted households that on an average owed C$1.67 for every dollar of disposable income in the fourth quarter, much of it because of cheap mortgage borrowing to chase ever-rising house prices.
The property market has turned into a key vulnerability for Canada's financial system, posing a challenge to policymakers who can neither lower rates to stoke growth nor raise them to discourage further borrowing.
Another threat is rising anti-trade sentiment in the United States under President Donald Trump that has put the outlook for Canadian exports and the loonie under closer scrutiny.
Exports tumbled by the most in nearly a year in February, sending the loonie to a nearly three-week low of C$1.3455 on Tuesday, suggesting the monetary policy gap between the U.S. and Canada is unlikely to be plugged any time soon.
"The policy divergence story will be in play until the end of this year. We don't expect the Bank of Canada will raise rates until the first half of next year now," said Royce Mendes, director and senior economist at CIBC Capital Markets in Toronto.
"We still see that there has been little evidence of a sustainable acceleration in underlying export growth or investment spending, and that's a key component of the recovery we need to see for the Bank of Canada to really be comfortable with tightening policy."
(Polling by Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh; Editing by Ross Finley and Bernadette Baum)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
April 20 S&P Global Ratings:
* Says City Colleges Of Chicago, Il GO debt rating lowered to 'BBB' on weaker finances, state budget impasse; on watch neg
* Says lowered rating four notches on Cook County Community College District No. 508, Ill.'s outstanding unlimited-tax GO bonds
* Says City Colleges Of Chicago GO debt rating downgrade reflects substantially weakened unrestricted net assets, operating deficits leading to negative fund balance
* Says City Colleges Of Chicago GO debt rating downgrade also reflects liquidity pressure caused in part by reduced and unreliable state funding Source text: bit.ly/2orFkC6
Dr. Scott Gottlieb is seen in this American Enterprise Institute photo released in Washington, DC, U.S., March 10, 2017. Courtesy The American Enterprise Institute/Handout via REUTERS
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, has outlined measures they would take to untangle their ties to the pharmaceutical industry if confirmed by the Senate.
In an ethics disclosure form filed with the Department of Health and Human Services on Tuesday, Gottlieb said they would resign from multiple corporate boards including GlaxoSmithKline Plc and consulting positions.
Gottlieb's financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive. If confirmed they have agreed to recuse themselves from matters in which they have a financial interest and divest their holdings in about 20 mostly small healthcare companies.
Gottlieb, 44, is widely expected to be confirmed, though their pharmaceutical ties are likely to be scrutinized by Democrats. For the past decade they have been a partner at New Enterprise Associates, a large venture capital fund with investments in the life sciences.
They would also resign from their position at the investment firm T.R. Winston & Co, and said they would not perform any consulting work while running the agency or participate in any matter involving previous clients for a year after last providing services to a client.
Gottlieb, a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank, is viewed favorably by the drug industry. They would be responsible for implementing key elements in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act, which calls on the agency to streamline the drug approval process.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke in Washington; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
The Saskatchewan Roughriders acquired defensive lineman Charleston Hughes Friday, hours after the Hamilton Tiger-Cats briefly picked up the 2017 CFL sack leader from Calgary.
Hamilton acquired Hughes from the Stampeders in the early afternoon before dealing them to the Roughriders in exchange for quarterback Vernon Adams Jr.
The Stampeders received a fourth-round pick in the 2019 draft from Hamiton in the original Hughes deal. Calgary and the Ticats also exchange fourth-round picks in the 2018 draft — the Stampeders receiving the 28th overall selection and Hamilton the 34th.
Hughes led the CFL in sacks last season with 11.
"In a salary-cap world, sometimes difficult decisions have to be made and this is definitely a very difficult decision," Stampeders president and general manager John Hufnagel said in a release. "Charleston has been a big part of our winning ways over the past 10 years and I thank them for their service and for the positive impact they made on this organization and this community.
"I wish them nothing but the best for the future."
Hughes joined the Stampeders in 2008 and played a total of 162 games, including 15 playoff games, over 10 seasons.
The 34-year-old Saginaw, Mich., native leaves Calgary with a share of the franchise record with 99 career regular-season sacks. Hughes also had 372 defensive tackles, 38 special-teams tackles, three interceptions, 23 forced fumbles, five fumble recoveries and one touchdown with the Stampeders.
Hughes has appeared in 11 career playoff games and four Grey Cup games.
By The Canadian Press
The leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP), Paul Nuttall, listens during an election campaign event in London, Britain, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
The leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP), Paul Nuttall, listens during an election campaign event in London, Britain, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON The election campaign launch of Britain's eurosceptic UK Independence Party got off to a troubled start on Friday, when protesters accused its leader Paul Nuttall of promoting racist propaganda after they promised to ban full face veils.
UKIP, whose former leader Nigel Farage helped drive support for Brexit before last year's referendum, was once seen as a threat to the ruling Conservative Party. But since Britain voted to leave the European Union, its poll ratings have almost halved from the 12.6 percent votes it won at the 2015 election.
Earlier this week, the party came under fire, including from several of its own senior members and former major donor Arron Banks, over a plan to ban full face veils as part of its pitch to voters ahead of the June 8 election.
Television footage showed a man shouting that the party was putting forward "racist propaganda", while another man was shown being ushered out by security as they accused UKIP of ejecting a woman in a hijab from the event in central London.
A Reuters witness said there were a handful of protesters at the event, which eventually went ahead with the protesters shut outside.
After the delay, Nuttall promised "a bold and radical manifesto", repeating the pledge to ban face coverings, alongside other policies including reducing immigration and cutting the foreign aid budget.
One of the protestors, Weyman Bennett, called Nuttall "a famous liar".
"One of the problems we have to deal with is to make sure that those lies do not impact on British society in terms of leading to division, we want unity, we don't want division," Bennett told reporters.
Asked if the protesters were right that the party was racist, Nuttall said: "No they are not right."
"It is disappointing that certain people in politics don't want to debate, what they want to do is to shout people down in an almost aggressive fashion and we're above that," they said, adding that UKIP members and candidates would not act in such "an undemocratic and abhorrent fashion".
Britain has seen a spike in hate crimes since last June's Brexit vote, before which concerns about the level of immigration were a key part of the campaign.
A YouGov poll carried out after the UKIP pledge this week found 48 percent of voters would support a ban on wearing a full body and face veil, while 42 percent said people should be able to decide for themselves what to wear.
(Reporting by Jacob Greaves and Kylie MacLellan, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Mansfield Town have announced a third home pre-season friendly with the news that they will play newly-promoted Championship side Rotherham United at One Call Stadium on Saturday, 28th July (3pm).
The Millers will feature in the Championship next season after defeating Shrewsbury Town 2-1 in the League One play-off final at Wembley earlier this month.
Paul Warne's side finished fourth in League One last season.
Stags will also face Sheffield United in a friendly on Saturday, 21st July (3pm), and Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday, 24th July (7.30pm).
Ticket information for pre-season fixtures will be announced in due course.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 The youth wing of South Africa's ruling African National Congress welcomes President Jacob Zuma's cabinet reshuffle and the appointment of "experienced and intelligent" Malusi Gigaba as finance minister, its leader said on Friday.
"We welcome the reshuffle and the appointment of former youth league leader Gigaba," ANC Youth League leader Collen Maine told Reuters.
"Younger ministers will mean more transformation," Maine added, citing land redistribution, free education and the creation of a state bank as reforms the youth league wanted.
Zuma has been criticised by senior members of the ANC for removing Pravin Gordhan as finance minister but certain sections of the party are rallying around him.
(Reporting by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Recasts to reflect final arguments, case sent to jury)
By John L. Smith
LAS VEGAS, April 13 A Nevada jury on Thursday began deliberating the fate of six armed supporters of cattle rancher Cliven Bundy in a tense 2014 standoff with federal agents that drew hundreds of protesters and made headlines worldwide.
The six defendants are the first of 17 people to go on trial charges related to the standoff at Bundy's property near Bunkerville, 75 miles (120 km) northeast of Las Vegas, in a case that has come to symbolize tensions in the U.S. West over the federal ownership of land that ranchers use to graze cattle.
“These people took the law into their own hands and used guns,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven Myhre said in federal district court in Las Vegas on Thursday. They said the men threatened federal officers and that the standoff, during which no shots were fired, could have resulted in a bloodbath.
The men, who prosecutors have said were associated with or had been in contact with militia groups, were among hundreds who traveled to the ranch on April 12, 2014, to stand up for Bundy, whose refusal to pay $1 million in grazing fees for running their cattle on federal land became a cause celebre on the political right.
The prosecution described the defendants as armed, dangerous and intimidating to Bureau of Land Management and National Forest Service officers who were present to provide security during a court-ordered impoundment of Bundy's cattle. Outgunned, authorities released the cattle and left the area.
Bundy and two of their sons are defendants in the second of three scheduled federal trials later this year.
Lawyers for the defendants said the men posed no threat but were simply backing Bundy amid government overreach in a dispute over land-use policy.
During their closing argument Thursday morning, defense attorney Shawn Perez cast defendant Ricky Lovelien as a proud patriot whose participation was a form of community service.
Attorney Todd Leventhal, who represents defendant O. Scott Drexler, accused the government of deception.
“Just because they go to a protest rally does not put them in a conspiracy,” Leventhal said.
Gregory Burleson, Drexler, Todd Engel, Lovelien, Eric Parker and Steven Stewart are charged with conspiracy against the government, conspiracy to impede a federal officer, assault, threatening and obstruction of justice.
They are also charged with extortion, interstate travel in aid of extortion and using a firearm during a crime of violence. (Reporting by John L. Smith in Las Vegas; editing by Tom Heneghan and Sharon Bernstein)
SINGAPORE, March 28 Oil prices edged up on Tuesday on a weaker dollar, but crude continued to be weighed down by surging U.S. production and uncertainty over whether an OPEC-led supply cut is big enough to rebalance the market.
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, had risen 15 cents from their last close to $50.90 per barrel by 0120 GMT.
In the United States, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 19 cents at $47.92 a barrel.
Traders said that crude futures were receiving some support from a weak dollar.
The greenback has lost 2.9 percent in value against a basket of other leading currencies since its March peak on doubts over U.S. President Donald Trump's policy making abilities.
When the dollar weakens, many futures traders pull out money from foreign exchange markets and put it into commodities futures like gold or crude futures instead.
A weaker dollar also makes oil imports cheaper for countries using other currencies, potentially spurring demand.
While there was some support for crude from financial markets, physical fundamentals remained weak, especially due to soaring U.S. output that is undermining efforts lead by Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to cut production in order to rein in a global fuel supply overhang and prop up prices.
"We now forecast U.S. crude oil production to reach a multi-decade high by December, within sights of the all-time high reached in 1970," Barclays bank said in a note to clients.
U.S. crude oil production has already risen 8.3 percent since mid-2016 to 9.13 million barrels per day (bpd). Output briefly reached 9.7 million bpd in April 2015, it is highest since May 1971.
Soaring output and brimming inventories have made U.S. WTI crude much cheaper than its international peer, Brent, which is receiving support above $50 per barrel by the OPEC-led production cut.
As a result, record amounts of U.S. crude oil have found their way to Asia and other destinations this year, and more is expected to be shipped out as traders take advantage of arbitrage opportunities by sending out excess U.S. crude into regions where it can find buyers. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Cold leftovers make for a great next-day lunch or snack. The strained and flavoured oil can be stored in a glass jar for several weeks.
Serve with sautéed sugar snap or snow peas.
For the eggs and potatoes
3/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 pound Yukon Gold or other yellow-fleshed potatoes
1 small yellow onion
8 large eggs
Coarse sea salt
Freshly ground black pepper
For the herby mayo
Handful of your favourite fresh herbs, preferably a blend, such as mint, basil and thyme
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 lemon
For the eggs and potatoes: Heat the oil in a 9-inch cast-iron or ovenproof skillet, over medium heat. Rinse the potatoes, then cut them into 1/4-inch rounds, placing them flat in the skillet as you work. Peel the onion and cut into thin slices, adding them to the pan. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally so the potatoes brown on both sides and don't stick to the pan.
Strain into a heatproof colander with a heatproof bowl beneath it to collect the oil. Position an oven rack 6 inches from the broiler element; preheat to broil. (You can reuse the oil, keeping in mind that it is onion-flavoured; you will be using 1 tablespoon of it shortly.)
Whisk the eggs in a large liquid measuring cup, then season generously with salt and pepper. Add the drained potato-onion mixture and stir to coat.
Heat a tablespoon of the reserved oil in the now-empty skillet, over medium heat. Pour in the egg-potato mixture. Reduce the heat to medium-low; cook for about five minutes, until the edges are just set. Transfer to the oven; broil for about three minutes, or until puffed and golden brown.
Meanwhile, make the herby mayo: mince the herbs and place in medium bowl, along with the mayo. Squeeze in the juice from the 1/4 lemon, stirring until well incorporated.
Use a thin spatula to loosen around the edges of the eggs (tortilla) and then under them. Slide it out of the pan and onto a cutting board. Sprinkle with a little more salt. Let it sit for a minute, then cut into six equal wedges.
Serve warm or at room temperature, with dollops of the herby mayo.
Per serving: 330 calories; 25 grams fat (5 g saturated fat); 255 milligrams cholesterol; 250 mg sodium; 15 g carbohydrates; 2 g fibre; 1 g sugar; 10 g protein.
Adapted from "Repertoire: All the Recipes You Need," by Jessica Battilana (Little, Brown, 2018).
(Adds additional details, quotes, oil prices, recasts lead)
By David Gaffen
March 29 U.S. gasoline stocks and distillate stockpiles dropped sharply last week as refinery runs jumped, while crude inventories grew less than anticipated, a relief for those hoping for a long-anticipated drawdown in petroleum stocks, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday.
Crude inventories rose 867,000 barrels in the week ending March 24, compared with analysts' expectations for an increase of 1.4 million barrels. Total inventories were nearly 534 million barrels, EIA data shows, a record.
Gasoline and distillate stockpiles were down more than expected as refinery run rates increased, giving some hope as the energy industry reaches the end of refinery maintenance season and as driving demand is expected to rise.
"A little surprised by the magnitude of refined product draws, but gratified," said Keith Barnett, senior vice president at ARM Energy in Houston. "These stats help take away the bearish pall that has been cast over the crude market."
Gasoline stocks fell 3.7 million barrels, compared with expectations for a 1.9-million barrel drop, while distillate stockpiles, which includes diesel and heating oil, were down 2.5 million barrels, versus analyst expectations for a 1.2 million barrel decline, the EIA said.
"The large decline in gasoline inventories was notable because it came despite merely decent demand," said John Kilduff, partner at energy hedge fund Again Capital in New York.
U.S. energy prices rose after the data, led by gasoline RBOB futures which rose 2 percent to a three-week high of $1.6669 a gallon by 10:54 a.m. EDT (1554 GMT).
Crack spreads, a measure of refining margins, also increased, as product inventories have been declining more quickly than crude stocks.
U.S. crude futures rose 1.5 percent to $49.09 a barrel.
At the end of last week, gasoline stocks sat at 240 million barrels, and have fallen 7.5 percent over the last six weeks.
Refinery crude runs rose 425,000 barrels per day as utilization rates gained 1.9 percentage points to 89.3 percent of total capacity, the EIA data showed.
Crude stocks at the Cushing, Oklahoma, delivery hub fell 220,000 barrels, EIA said.
U.S. crude imports dropped by 543,000 bpd. (Reporting By David Gaffen; additional reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
FILE PHOTO: Kyle Bass, Chief Investment Officer of Hayman Capital Management, speaks at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. Titans of U.S. industry and Wall Street gather in Beverly Hills this week to discuss how to navigate - and profit from - hot topics such as U.S. tax reform, the upcoming French election and Chinese economic growth.
U.S. President Donald Trump's first 100 days and the next 1,000, as well as the outlook for liberal democracy in Europe in the wake of Brexit are also set for debate at the Milken Institute Global Conference.
The event aims to convene "the best minds in the world to tackle the most stubborn challenges," but political and market surprises over the past year serve as a reminder that predictions made by its roster of elite speakers are far from certain.
Most attendees expected Hillary Clinton to beat Trump, as Carlyle Group LP (CG.O) co-founder David Rubenstein noted during a panel discussion in May 2016. And many did not predict a UK vote to leave the European Union. Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said in an interview at the event last year that voters were likely to do "do the sensible thing and stay."
Jill Posnick, the Milken Institute's executive director of communications, said it is natural that some calls will be off.
"We solicit multiple points of view and promote a free flow of ideas designed to solve world challenges, rather than making predictions about where the markets are going," they said.
SEE AND BE SEEN
The four-day meeting this year at the Beverly Hilton hotel will once again mix big investment industry names such as billionaires Jamie Dimon, Stephen Schwarzman, Leon Black and Kenneth Griffin with political, business and entertainment celebrities, including U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) Executive Chairman John Chambers and basketball great Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
Total attendance is estimated to be the most ever: some 4,000 are registered, up from 3,500 last year. Most conference goers pay at least $12,500 if they are not from event sponsors such as Guggenheim Partners LLC, Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Two Sigma Investments LP.
Some repeat attendees told Reuters they come less for the investment advice and more for the chance to network, sell product and learn about far-flung topics.
"It's about connections and to be seen," said a staffer at a large money management firm who asked not to be named. "Are there a large number of people actually taking notes and implementing them? No."
Last year, few money managers at Milken encouraged generic investment in U.S. stocks, instead recommending relatively conservative or idiosyncratic bets such as private loans or even holding cash. The S&P 500 Index total return over the last 12 months was around 16.5 percent.
Slowing growth in China was also a source of fear. Hedge fund manager Kyle Bass, for example, warned of a potential 30 percent or 40 percent loss on Chinese investments, especially the financial sector. Bass called the situation "precarious," highlighting the point with a photo of an ignited bomb fuse.
China's economy expanded in line with expectations at 6.7 percent in 2016, according to the government, and the Global X China Financials ETF (CHIX.P) gained 16.5 percent over the last 12 months.
To be sure, there were prescient market calls. Sarah Ketterer, CEO of Causeway Capital Management LLC, said financial and bank stocks were a bargain. David Harding, CEO of Winton Capital Management Ltd, recommended the bonds of beat-up coal companies. Steven Tananbaum, chief investment officer of GoldenTree Asset Management LP, also pitched selective emerging market plays, such as bonds of Mexican state oil company Pemex. All have rallied over the last year.
(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Lisa Shumaker)
Christina Aguilera felt it was "important" for them to leave 'The Voice' after they became "disconnected" from the show.
The 37-year-old singer - who starred as a judge on the talent show between 2011 and 2016 - decided to walk away from the NBC programme after becoming disgruntled with some of the behind-the-scenes goings on.
They said: "[I felt] disconnected for a while and I wasn't in the right headspace either being in an environment that was just not good for me".
The 'Dirrty' hitmaker was a big fan of the blind audition phase of the show, because they felt it was more meritocratic.
However, the chart-topping star ultimately decided to quit the programme because they were unhappy with the general working environment, saying it was something "no one would want to put up with" on a daily basis.
Speaking to the Los Angeles Times newspaper, Christina shared: "The blind audition idea was really intriguing to me because it was an opportunity for anyone to get on stage and be discovered, regardless of how they looked.
"I also saw blatant things that I did not think were OK and that I am sure no one would want to put up with in the work environment. It was important for me to step away."
Since quitting the show, Christina has returned to their touring roots.
But the 'Candyman' hitmaker admitted she's been happy to play modestly-sized venues because she's "scared" by the idea of performing in front of huge audiences.
Christina - who took a decade-long break from touring - explained: "I am dipping my toe back in this water while also giving my fans a chance to see me after they have not in so long."
PARIS Michelin's revenue rose 9.9 percent in the first quarter, buoyed by European auto-market growth and a rebound in demand for outsize mining tyres, the company said on Thursday.
Revenue rose to 5.57 billion euros (4.66 billion pounds) from 5.07 billion euros a year earlier, the French tyre maker said in a statement. Sales by volume rose 7.3 percent.
The company reiterated its 2017 goals, which include volume growth in line with global markets, an increase in full-year operating income at constant exchange rates and structural free cash flow in excess of 900 million euros.
Under competitive pressure from no-frills rivals, Michelin is cutting production costs to defend profitability while raising prices to absorb higher costs of raw materials, including natural and synthetic rubber.
First-quarter sales were "boosted by pre-buy ahead of pricing increases" as dealers stocked up, Chief Financial Officer Marc Henry said on a conference call.
Sales of speciality tyres for vehicles including agricultural and mining equipment rose 14.9 percent to 848 million euros, Michelin said. Car tyre sales gained 10.5 percent to 3.2 billion euros, while truck tyres rose 6.1 percent to 1.52 billion.
Further price increases are needed to offset higher raw-material costs despite their slight decline from recent peaks, Henry said, playing down analysts' doubts about the strategy amid cut-throat competition from Chinese brands.
"Chinese competitors have increased prices so far," Henry said, outlining Michelin price hikes of up to 8 percent planned by the end of this month. "I'm quite confident these price increases will stick."
Weaker pricing nonetheless reduced first-quarter revenue by 1 percent, largely offset by stronger sales of 18-inch and other premium tyres, the company said.
Michelin said it expects raw material costs to reduce full-year earnings by 900 million euros, reiterating a forecast given in February.
(Reporting by Laurence Frost; Editing by GV De Clercq and Adrian Croft)
May 3 Spirit Realty Capital Inc:
* Spirit Realty Capital Inc announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.20
* Q1 revenue $165.4 million versus $168.4 million
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted FFO per share $0.80 to $0.84
* Q1 revenue view $164.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Spirit Realty Capital Inc says company withdrawing its prior $250 million net acquisition target
* Fy2017 FFO per share view $0.89 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 FFO per share view $0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
H&M sales miss forecast after rough start to May
STOCKHOLM Sweden's H&M reported slower than expected sales in May, the latest in a string of soft sales numbers from the world's second biggest fashion retailer, and said it had faced tough conditions in many of its markets early in the month.
NEW YORK — St. Louis Blues centre Brayden Schenn was named the NHL's first star on Monday ahead of goalie and teammate Jake Allen and Philadelphia Flyers goaltender Brian Elliott.
Schenn led the NHL with six goals and an assist, including at least one goal in all four of their appearances this past week, to power the Blues (21-8-2) to four wins and the top of the Western Conference standings.
They earned their third career hat trick, including the winner, in a 4-3 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Tuesday. Schenn then scored the winning goal in a 3-0 triumph against the Dallas Stars on Thursday and had a goal and an assist in a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Saturday.
Schenn closed out the week with another goal in a 3-2 overtime win against the Buffalo Sabres on Sunday.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
James Foley, head of Customer Experience, Resilient
February 1st saw the European Union (EU) clearing the final hurdle that will mean the end of roaming charges for calls, SMS and data across Europe.
By summer 2017, individuals using their mobile phones when roaming across the EU cannot be charged more for calls, SMS and data than they are charged when using these services their home country.
And with that, says James Foley, head of Customer Experience for Resilient, the perils of bill shock for those who use their phones while on holiday or business abroad finally comes to an end.
Besides the obvious question of why on earth it has taken so long for the EU to agree to a regulation that was so clearly in the interest of consumers, the next question will be what happens to roaming charges once Brexit happens – and then more globally, what will be the impact on our roaming charges as the UK seeks new business deals from partners and countries across the world.
The abolition of roaming charges across the EU was first put to the European Parliament in 2006, so it's taken 10 years for the EU to agree to a measure that, by any reckoning, should have been agreed overnight. It was so obviously not in the interest of consumers across the EU to be charged so disproportionality higher for calls and data when roaming – but eventually it became not in the interest of the carriers too.
Instead it was far more common for travellers, especially those on holiday, to either switch off the phone entirely when overseas, or to switch off data roaming, thus providing an own-goal for mobile operators who learned at first hand the rules of market elasticity.
A recent report from Deloitte suggest that travellers spend more than €12bn(US$ 12.74 billion) per year on alternatives to mobile data roaming, which had it been priced properly, would have been revenue for the carriers themselves. What is clear is that the EU moves a great deal slower than even the slowest network operator.
So had the EU abolished roaming 10 or even 20 year ago, the mobile operators would have adjusted their business models overnight to accommodate this, and would have found new ways to drive revenue from new services to both holidaymakers and business users alike.
But will UK citizens enjoyment of this new world of surcharge-free calling be short-lived, now that the UK is on the cusp of Brexit? It could be very short indeed, since there is nothing coming from either side of the Brexit divorce to suggest that the abolishing of roaming charges will be a protected right going forward.
And what happens outside the EU as more of our business will be conducted overseas, with more captains of industry having to fly the flag when conducting our new trade deals abroad. How much are UK businesses going to have to pay in roaming charges just to keep up with a faster paced, more connected, global economy?
It just doesn't have to be this way.
When we started on the design of Resilient's smartnumbers mobile service one of our stated requirements was that it must enable users to reduce or eliminate roaming charges not only within the EU, but when travelling anywhere in the world. We built in, from the outset, three services that would help reduce or eliminate roaming so that subscribers could choose how to be always contactable, but to do so with the lowest possible cost to them or their business.
So, if you're working overseas in an office and someone calls your UK mobile number, the smartnumbers mobile service will route the call to your desk phone in your overseas office automatically, avoiding roaming charges altogether. And if you're in a hotel, shopping mall or office with a good Wi-Fi signal the call to your UK mobile number will again be routed over Wi-Fi to a client on your phone and in so doing will once again eliminate roaming charges.
If you're not in an office, or in a good Wi-Fi zone but still need to make a call from your mobile phone the smartnumbers ‘callback' service will take your outbound call and turn it around as an inbound call, first calling you on your mobile phone, then calling the person you're trying to reach, and then joining these two calls together.
While this option doesn't eliminate roaming charges altogether, it does turn what is an expensive outbound roaming call into a lower-cost incoming call.
So, while there remains uncertainty about the direction of roaming charges across Europe as Brexit talks are about to begin – and a certainty that global roaming charges will be with us for a long time to come – for individuals or organisations that wish to talk without roaming charges or without compromise then smartnumbers mobile might become the indispensable business tool for tomorrow's global world road warrior.
The author of this blog is James Foley, head of Customer Experience for Resilient
Comment on this article below or via Twitter: @ VanillaPlus OR @jcvplus
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) — An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Advertisement
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
Dame Vera Lynn Children's Charity is calling on schools, community groups and businesses to help it raise £10,000 for a special piece of equipment.
The charity, based in Cuckfield, which supports children under five with cerebral palsy and other motor learning difficulties, wants to buy a ‘magic carpet' – an interactive device that projects moving images onto surfaces that children can engage and play with through multiple controls, including their own touch.
The charity has now launched its #VERA100 campaign – named to mark the Forces' Sweetheart's centenary – to raise the funds.
Clifford Dann Estate Agents in Ditchling is the first company to get involved, having organised a coffee morning and prize draw at their office on March 8, to win two tickets to the Dame Vera Lynn Tribute concert at the London Palladium on March 18.
Andrew Worrell, from Clifford Dann, said: “As a parent I think the work the charity does is essential.
“The magic carpet will give the children a great way to use all their senses to interact with the world around them.”
Nikki Cannon, the charity's community fundraiser, added: “We are extremely grateful for Clifford Dann's involvement and hope this announcement will encourage more businesses and community groups to work with us.
“People can get involved in whatever way they like, from holding a cake sale, to having a dress down day at work or even organising a quiz. Every penny raised will go directly to the #VERA100 campaign so we can buy our magic carpet.
“This equipment enables children to enter an exciting virtual world where they can feed the fish in a pond, scatter leaves in the air and play with the stars.
“In addition to our hands-on early intervention service, we also want to give our children the means to start accessing the world outside and by having a magic carpet, this engages the children - they are having fun and learning to do things they might not otherwise ever be able to.”
The Weald Theatre Group has also donated £100 from money raised at its annual panto.
For more information call 01444 473274 or email nikki.cannon@dvlcc.org.uk
2017 also marks an exciting chapter for the charity as it has moved to a new home – the Dame Vera Lynn Children's Centre in Cuckfield, West Sussex – and is expanding its services so it can help more children and their families from across the South East.
Sessions are being held for families on Mondays 9.30am – noon and 1pm – 3.30pm, and Fridays 9.30am – noon. It is also hosting drop-in coffee mornings on 21st and 28th February from 10 – 11.30am with the sensory bus.
Call 01444 473274 to register.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
Satellites See Silicon Valley's Quick Drought Recovery
by Staff Writers
Pasadena CA (JPL) Oct 06, 2017
Ground motion in California's Santa Clara Valley from 2011 to 2015 as measured by the Italian Space Agency's Cosmo-SkyMed synthetic aperture radar satellite. Colors denote the speed of ground motion (blues indicate subsidence/sinking and reds indicate uplift). Contains modified COSMO-SkyMed data. Image courtesy ASI/University at Buffalo/NASA-JPL/Caltech/Google Earth/U of Basilicata. For a larger version of this image please go here
Underground water reserves in California's Silicon Valley rebounded quickly from the state's recent severe drought, demonstrating the success of aggressive conservation measures, according to a new space-based study by NASA and university scientists.
Using satellite data from COSMO-SkyMed, a constellation of four Italian Space Agencies (Agenzia Spaziale Italiana, or ASI) satellites, a research team led by Estelle Chaussard at the University at Buffalo in New York, and including scientists from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, used a technique called synthetic aperture radar interferometry to monitor the entire Santa Clara Valley aquifer near San Jose from 2011 to 2017.
This type of radar can capture the subtle up-and-down movements of Earth's surface of just minute fractions of an inch (a few millimeters) that occur when water levels rise or fall underground. The scientists used hundreds of radar images obtained under a license from ASI to calculate how much the land surface elevation changed over time. The measurements show the aquifer began to rebound in late 2014, when the drought was still going strong, and that groundwater levels had returned to pre-drought levels by 2017, thanks to conservation measures that intensified in 2014, and heavy winter rains in 2016.
During the 2012-15 drought, the Santa Clara Valley Water District employed an array of conservation measures. These included restricting sprinkler use and asking customers to take shorter showers and convert lawns and pools into less-thirsty landscapes. The district also imported water from outside the region.
Chaussard says the actions may have helped stave off irreversible damage to the aquifer, which measures about 212 square miles (550 square kilometers) and lies beneath a highly urbanized area. They explain when groundwater levels reach a record low, the porous sands and clays in which the reserves reside can dry up so much that the clays don't retain water anymore. The new study shows that thanks to the intensive water management efforts, this did not happen in the Santa Clara Valley.
Chaussard says the aquifer monitoring method their team used can work anywhere where there are soft-rock aquifer systems and where synthetic aperture radar satellite data are available, including in developing nations with few resources for monitoring.
"We wanted to see if we could use a remote sensing method that doesn't require ground monitoring to understand how our aquifers are responding to a changing climate and human activity," they say. "Our study further demonstrates the utility of synthetic aperture radar interferometry, which scientists also used to measure surface deformation related to volcanoes and earthquakes, for tracking ground deformation associated with changes in groundwater levels."
"This study further demonstrates a complementary method, in addition to traditional ground-based measurements, for water management districts to monitor ground deformation," added JPL co-author Pietro Milillo. "The technique marks an improvement over traditional methods because it allows scientists to gauge changes in ground deformation across a large region with unprecedented frequency." They said the COSMO-SkyMed satellites provided information for the aquifer as often as once a day.
Underground stockpiles of water - housed in layers of porous rock called aquifers - are one of the world's most important sources of drinking water. Some 2.5 billion people across the globe rely on aquifers for water, and many of these repositories are being drained more quickly than they can be refilled, according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
Yet keeping tabs on these precious reserves is expensive, says Chaussard.
"To monitor aquifers, you need a lot of measurements in both space and time," they say. "Sampling water levels at wells may give you a continuous time series, but only if they are constantly monitored, and automated monitoring may not be common. Also, even a high density of wells may not adequately capture basin-wide spatial patterns of water storage, which is key to understanding processes at stake."
The methods employed in this study provide a more complete picture of how an aquifer responds during a drought and how water conservation methods can have a real and positive impact on sustaining the health and viability of pumped groundwater aquifers. The satellite radar imagery not only fills in data gaps between wells, but provides valuable insights into how aquifers are responding beyond the edges of monitoring well networks so that water agencies can more effectively manage their precious resources.
The upcoming NASA-ISRO (Indian Space Research Organisation) Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) satellite mission, planned for launch in 2021, will systematically collect radar imagery over nearly every aquifer in the world, improving our understanding of valuable groundwater resources and our ability to better manage them.
In addition to tracking groundwater use in urban settings, NISAR will be able to measure surface motion associated with groundwater pumping and natural recharge in rural communities, in areas with extensive agriculture, and in regions with extensive vegetation, conditions that are typically more challenging.
The research was published Sept. 25 in the Journal of Geophysical Research - Solid Earth. Other participating institutions include the University of California, Berkeley; Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana; and the Santa Clara Valley Water District.
Washington DC (SPX) Oct 03, 2017
CosmoQuest's Image Detective, a NASA-funded citizen science project, invites the public to identify Earth features in photographs taken by astronauts from the International Space Station (ISS). Citizen scientists are asked to help identify geographic features (natural or human-made) in astronaut photographs and then determine the location on Earth where the photo is centered. CosmoQuest is ... read more
Related Links
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, March 28 China's central bank said on Tuesday it will provide financial support to help manufacturers upgrade and modernize their businesses, including measures such as increasing the scope for insurance companies to invest in the manufacturing sector.
It will also support securitization of credit assets in the sector, The People's Bank of China (PBOC) said in a notice on its website.
(Reporting by Nicholas Heath and Yawen Chen; Editing by Eric Meijer)
(Adds comments from BNDES CEO in paragraph 4)
By Alonso Soto
BRASILIA, March 31 Brazil's government surprised investors by cutting the main rate for long-term corporate loans to stimulate a faltering economic recovery, but vowed on Friday to keep a lid on loan subsidies with a new benchmark linked to market rates.
In an announcement that caught markets off guard late on Thursday, Brazil's highest economic policy body, CMN, cut the TJLP long-term rate to 7 percent from 7.5 percent for the second quarter.
At the same time, the government said it would issue a decree to create a new long-term rate starting in 2018 to gradually replace the TJLP. The new rate will be linked to the IPCA inflation index and a fixed rate set monthly in accordance to the returns of local inflation-linked bonds known as NTN-B.
"The new benchmark should translate into lower borrowing costs for the economy as a whole, into a more effective monetary policy and into an easier framework for the pricing and securitization of those loans," said BNDES Chief Executive Officer Maria Silvia Bastos Marques at a news conference.
It was the first cut of the TJLP rate, the benchmark for state development bank BNDES loans, since December 2012. The BNDES is by far the main provider of long-term loans for companies in Brazil.
For decades, the TJLP rate has run below the benchmark overnight lending rate, partly because of an effort by policymakers to boost growth and create jobs. However, the implicit subsidy in these loans contributed to a sharp increase in public debt, which cost Brazil its investment-grade rating.
"The government is acknowledging the dire situation of the economy," said Andre Perfeito, chief economist at Gradual Investimentos. "The government clearly thinks the economy will continue to disappoint, but promises an overhaul of the TJLP because it believes the economy will take off next year."
Economic activity fell more than expected in January after a string of negative data released this week that points to an even slower recovery after two years of recession, the deepest in Brazil's history.
Central bank chief Ilan Goldfajn said the lower TJLP rate is a consequence of falling risk premiums and benchmark Selic rate.
Goldfajn added that the new long-term rate, which will be known as TLP, will not only reduce government subsidies but strengthen monetary policy and bolster capital markets.
Since October of 2016, the central bank has reduced the Selic rate by 200 basis points to 12.25 percent. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo. — Averyl Ugba tossed in 28 points and grabbed eight rebounds, Terry Taylor posted a double-double and Austin Peay cruised to a 96-81 victory over Southeast Missouri State on Saturday.
Taylor, a first-year student who finished with 19 points and 12 rebounds for their 10th double-double, buried a 3-pointer on the game's first shot. Ugba scored the next 14 points for the Governors (14-10, 9-3 Ohio Valley Conference), who jumped out to a 17-9 lead on their way to a third straight win. Zach Glotta hit three 3-pointers and scored 19 and Dayton Gumm hit both of their 3-pointers and scored 14. Austin Peay shot 58 per cent from distance (11 of 19).
Ugba and Glotta combined for 27 first-half points, but Denzel Mahoney scored 12 of their team-high 20 points and Ray Kowalski scored all 11 of their points to help the Redhawks (10-15, 4-8) pull within 51-49 at halftime.
Southeast Missouri State whittled the lead down to two points on three straight possessions early in the second half, but Gumm's 3-pointer ignited a 15-2 run and Austin Peay stayed comfortably in front from there. The Governors already have their most conference wins since the 2010-11 season and they are 2-0 in February for the first time since 2007-08.
April 20 Keyyo SA:
* FY net result 1.9 million euros ($2.04 million) versus 2.3 million euros year ago
* Fy recurring operating income 2.1 million euros versus 2.1 million euros year ago
* Proposes dividend of 0.35 euros per share
* Anticipates revenue for new fiscal year on a like-for-like basis and an operating profit growth of around 10 percent
* 2017 turnover will have unfavorable comparables over first three quarters following sale of call shops activities in q4 2016 Source text: bit.ly/2pU8ABP Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
Pedestrians walk by the main entrance of the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange, Argentina, April 18, 2016. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci - RTX2AHAB
NEW YORK Latin American governments and companies could soon step up bond sales, seizing on increased deal appetite as a regional economic recovery gains steam and concerns about potential aggressive U.S. policy changes ease, bankers and investors said this week.
Attractive returns on Latin American debt and demand for less traditional structures have allowed the Brazilian government to sell debt at record low yields. Suzano Papel & Celulose SA (SUZB5.SA) subsequently placed a 30-year junk bond, the first of its kind for a Brazilian firm, this month.
Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc (ARCO.N), the world's largest McDonald's (MCD.N) restaurant franchisee, and Chile's Empresas CMPC SA CAR.SN raised a total $765 million through the sale of 10-year bonds in separate deals. Brazilian logistics firm JSL SA (JSLG3.SA) could be next in line soon, two people familiar with the plans said.
Concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump's policies would lure capital away from Latin America have subsided, bankers and executives said. Inflows are also being fueled by market stability after the U.S. Federal Reserve's single rate hike so far this year.
Emerging market funds had $6.5 billion in net inflows in the week ended March 22, their most in nearly four years, Institute of International Finance data showed, with about $4.5 billion going to bonds.
"We'll still see a lot of debt refinancing deals, but there are a few first-time issuers tapping the market," said Felipe Wilberg, global head of fixed income for Itaú BBA SA, which is hosting an annual Latin American debt capital markets conference in New York.
According to other bankers, who asked for anonymity to speak freely about market trends, cheaper funding for the region's borrowers largely hinges on the ability of several governments, like Brazil's, to get congressional approval for key fiscal reforms ahead of a busy Latin America election calendar.
Investors initially expected Trump-related turmoil to slam the brakes on access to capital markets in Latin America, which has struggled with the end of a decade-long commodities boom.
The premium that investors demand for Latin American bonds over U.S. Treasuries stands at about 7.59 percentage points, compared with about 7.14 points at the start of the year, according to JPMorgan's EMBI Diversified Latin America bond index .JPMEGDLAT.
'DIFFERENT REACTION'
However, the pushback has been minor compared with prior U.S. tightening cycles that triggered violent swings in Latin American issuers' borrowing costs.
Spreads have tightened somewhat across the region, said Baruc Sáez, Itaú BBA's managing director of international fixed income.
"Although conventional wisdom states that U.S. rate hikes lead to pressure on asset prices in emerging markets, we are seeing a different reaction from investors," said Marc Nachmann, head of Latin America for Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Earlier in the day, pulpmaker CMPC sold $500 million of so-called Green bonds at a lower-than-targeted yield of 4.42 percent. Arcos Dorados sold $265 million in global notes at 5.85 percent interest, below initial guidance of 6 percent.
JSL, the logistics firm, is discussing a potential $300 million global bond deal with banks that will have to be fully hedged against currency fluctuations because the company's revenues are all denominated in Brazilian reais, a person with direct knowledge of the transaction said.
Western Asset Management Co has raised the Latin American share of its emerging markets debt positions to 47 percent from 40 percent over the past year, as prices turned attractive and the outlook improved, said Mark Hughes, who helps oversee $40 billion in emerging market bonds for the firm.
The ramp-up has been gradual though, Hughes said, noting that bonds from Brazilian exporters now offer a better entry point than those of domestic-oriented companies.
Latin American sovereign and corporate borrowers have raised $34 billion from bond sales this year, according to Itaú BBA data. Last year, bond borrowing in the region reached $102 billion.
Bankers are raising their estimates for new Latin American bond supply this year to $80 billion from as low as $60 billion in November as the initial negative sentiment on Mexico has recovered.
In the case of Brazil, President Michel Temer's progress in pushing reforms has fueled demand for bonds like Suzano's.
"When the deal hit the road, we sensed that investors were in general more optimistic about fiscal consolidation than they were a year earlier," Marcelo Bacci, Suzano's chief financial officer, said in an interview.
(Additional reporting by Paul Kilby in New York; Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal, Christian Plumb and Tom Brown)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
LUSAKA Zambian police denied on Thursday that opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema had been refused access to their lawyers and family since their arrest this week but their attorney insisted this was the case in an intensifying political crisis.
Hichilema was arrested on Tuesday and charged with treason for allegedly obstructing President Edgar Lungu's motorcade, raising the political temperature in Africa's No. 2 copper producing country.
Relations between government and opposition have been tense since August, when Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) party beat Hichilema's United Party for National Development (UPND) in a vote the opposition says was rigged.
A hearing is to be held on Tuesday to determine if Hichilema's detention is legal, the UPND said.
The two men are old rivals and Lungu has beaten Hichilema, an economist and wealthy business person who goes by "HH", narrowly in two presidential elections, including the one last year by a razor-thin margin.
"We have not blocked lawyers and Mr Hichilema's members of the family from visiting them because that is their constitutional right," police spokesperson Esther Mwaata-Katongo said, responding to a UPND accusation.
Hichilema's lawyer Jack Mwiimbu said they had seen their client on Wednesday but had since been prevented from visiting him.
"There are instructions for them not to be seen by anybody without authority from police headquarters. We have therefore started processing court papers. We want the court to compel the police to allow us to see our client," Mwiimbu told Reuters.
Mwiimbu also said Hichilema had complained on Wednesday of feeling unwell after police fired tear gas into their house when they were arrested.
The European Union called for calm and analysts said Zambia's reputation was at stake over the saga.
"Political tensions in Zambia have increased over the past weeks and in particular with the events surrounding the arrest of ... Hichilema," the EU said in a statement.
Political analyst Andrew Ntewewe of the non-governmental organisation Young African Leaders' Initiative said the police had to show professionalism in how they were handling the case.
"Suspects have rights even when in police custody. HH must quickly be taken to court. The president must also show statesmanship, magnanimity and leadership so that the country's reputation is not dented," Ntewewe told Reuters.
On Saturday, Lungu passed through Mongu, 500 km (300 miles) west of the capital Lusaka, and their motorcade was obstructed because Hichilema refused to give way, police said.
Zambia's economy has been depressed for years by low commodity prices, mine closures, rising unemployment, power shortages and soaring food prices - all of which Hichilema blames on mismanagement by Lungu.
But Lungu, whose government has been talking to the International Monetary Fund about financial aid to help plug its budget deficit, has said they are doing their best to wean the economy off its over-reliance on copper.
(Writing by Ed Stoddard; editing by James Macharia/Mark Heinrich)
April 28 Terraform Power Inc
* Terraform Power - on April 26, Terraform Power Operating, LLC entered eleventh amendment to its credit and guaranty agreement, dated as of Jan 28, 2015
* Terraform Power - amendment extends date by which unit must deliver to administrative agent, lenders to revolver its fy 2016 financial statements to earlier of July 15
* Terraform Power Inc - Terra Operating agreed to prepay outstanding loans under revolver
* Terraform Power - Terra Operating agreed to permanently reduce amount of revolving commitments available under revolver, in each case by $50 million
* Terraform - After giving effect to reduction in revolving commitments, total borrowing capacity of Terra Operating under revolver will equal $570.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Vikings bolstered the quarterback and defensive line positions in major ways during the first wave of free agency. Quarterback Kirk Cousins and defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson are both blue chip signings that say anything less than a Super Bowl for the Vikings in 2018 is a failure.
Neither player was cheap, however, and the Vikings may have had to sacrifice some pieces they wanted back in order to make the splashy signings.
One of those players is versatile offensive lineman Jeremiah Sirles, who has played in 28 games in purple over the last two seasons. Sirles has never been appointed as a starter in training camp, but he's been a valuable piece in the offensive line room as the depth of the unit has been tested mightily in each of the past two seasons. The former Nebraska Cornhusker can play both guard and tackle positions and has been thrusted into the starting lineup 14 times for the Vikings.
Minnesota could have tagged Sirles with a restricted free agent tender, but the Vikings were likely saving room for the signings of Cousins, Richardson, and also the placement of a second-round tender on fellow offensive lineman Nick Easton.
The Vikings would obviously love to have Sirles back, but there'll be competition for their services and just about everyone else left on the free agent guard market. The Panthers, meanwhile, need to replace the departure of star guard Andrew Norwell who just made the highest paid guard in the league by the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Minnesota doesn't have a ton of cap space to invest in the guard position and will likely use at least one of its earliest draft picks to help fill the void. But if Sirles leaves Charlotte without a deal today it would be worth getting their agent on the phone as soon as possible.
April 20 Allstate Corp
* Estimated catastrophe losses for month of March 2017 of $516 million, pre-tax ($335 million after-tax), estimated $781 million, pre-tax ($508 million after-tax) for q1 2017
* Catastrophe losses in Q1 comprised 28 events at estimated pretax cost of $777 million & unfavorable reserve reestimates of prev reported catastrophe losses
* One severe hail event, primarily affecting state of Texas in March, accounted for over one-third of catastrophe losses for quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Zach Johnson and Brandon Goodwin combined for 49 points and Florida Golf Coast pulled away from Jacksonville State for an 80-55 win on Saturday night, running the Eagles' winning streak to 11, their longest at the Division I level.
Johnson had 25 points, Goodwin 24 and Dinero Mercurius 11 as FGCU (18-8, 9-0 Atlantic Sun) picked up its 100th conference win since moving up from D-II in 2008. Twice the Eagles won 14 in a row, the last time 11 years ago.
Jace Hogan led the Dolphins (12-14, 6-3) with 17 points and Tanner Rubio had 13. Jacksonville State also had 19 turnovers.
FGCU led 33-25 at the half and steadily pulled away to get the season sweep. The Eagles won 68-62 at home a week earlier and are now up three games plus the tiebreaker with five games remaining in the regular season.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
* Regulator eyeing risks in wealth management products - sources
* Smaller city banks more reliant on WMPs for funding
* Checks are separate from c.bank quarterly assessment (Adds details)
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's banking regulator is inspecting off-balance sheet risks at smaller regional banks, two sources told Reuters on Thursday, as China steps up checks on financial institutions in an effort to control risky lending.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) is checking the size and potential risks from off-balance sheet activities including non-guaranteed wealth management products (WMPs), entrusted loans and entrusted investments, the sources said.
The CBRC's inspections of what are called "city commercial banks" have gotten under way at the same time as all banks prepare for quarterly Macro Prudential Assessments (MPA) by the People's Bank of China.
The central bank's MPA is a formal evaluation that assigns a score to each bank based on parameters believed to include asset quality, capital adequacy, the proportion of liquid assets and the stability of funding.
For the first time, the MPA will include off-balance sheet WMPs in the first quarter to give authorities a better sense of potential risks to the financial system.
In its inspections, the CBRC will take a close look at non-guaranteed WMPs that invest in non-traditional debt investments including those for local government financing vehicles, property and infrastructure projects, the sources said.
WMPs, often linked to shadow banking, have seen explosive growth in recent years even as authorities try to contain risks stemming from a rapid build-up in debt.
The CBRC, when contacted by Reuters, did not immediately comment.
China's city commercial banks generally have a weaker deposit base than bigger ones and often generate funds by selling WMPs at higher interest rates to retail investors.
China's banking regulator does regular inspections of banks; this round will focus on non-guaranteed WMPs that offer fixed returns and will also include checks on how banks make investment decision and isolate risks for off-balance sheet activity.
Banks' wealth management product portfolio totaled 26.28 trillion yuan ($4.04 trillion) at the end of June 2016. It had risen 42 percent in a year, and analysts estimate it climbed a further 4 trillion yuan in the second half of last year. (Reporting by Li Zheng and Elias Glenn; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
March 30 San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams on Thursday pledged to increase diversity at their own bank and said reducing income inequality and poverty throughout American communities is directly linked to a stronger economy.
Preventing the next crisis or recession depends in part on making investments in communities, even though such investments are beyond the purview of monetary policy, Williams said in remarks prepared for delivery to an event for the Strong, Prosperous, and Resilient Communities Project, an initiative aimed at fostering investment in underserved communities.
Williams did not address the monetary policy or economic outlook in their remarks.
Leaving anyone behind, Williams said, "is not only a stain on the moral soul of our country, it's an obstacle to our economic potential, productivity, and global competitiveness." (Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
May 2 Aegion Corp:
* Aegion Corporation reports 2017 first quarter financial results
* Q1 adjusted Non-GAAP earnings per share $0.18
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.18 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Contract backlog at March 31, 2017 was $712 million, 6 percent below contract backlog at March 31, 2016
* New orders increased in all three platforms during Q1'17 compared to Q1'16 by a total of 29 percent to $333 million
* Qtrly GAAP revenues for infrastructure solutions segment $128.9 million versus $125.8 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 New China Life Insurance Co Ltd :
* FY net profit RMB4,942 million versus RMB8,601 million
* Final dividend of RMB0.28 per ordinary share
* FY revenue RMB 144.80 billion versus RMB 157.92 billion
* Pursuant to a resolution passed at meeting of board on 29 March, a final dividend of RMB0.48 per share for year ended 31 Dec 2016 was proposed Source text : (bit.ly/2nzDoJI) Further company coverage:
(Reuters Health) - - Patching the heart with sheets of patients' own cells might improve symptoms in some cases of severe heart failure, an early study suggests.
Japanese researchers harvested tissue from patients' thigh muscles to grow sheets of cells that were then affixed to patients' hearts during surgery.
The main point of the study was to evaluate the safety and feasibility of the procedure. But the research team also found that a year after the surgery, some patients had improvements in their exercise capacity and heart function.
The results must now be confirmed with more research and larger studies, Dr. Yoshiki Sawa of Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine and colleagues write in the Journal of the American Heart Association.
Nearly 6 million people in the United States have heart failure, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The condition occurs when the heart can't pump enough blood to the body.
Treatment for heart failure ranges from a combination of diet changes, medications and physical activity to surgery. In the 27 patients in this new study, traditional treatments for heart failure hadn't worked.
The patients had class II or III heart failure, which typically means everyday activities left them tired, with heart palpitations and shortness of breath.
Researchers extracted cells from a small piece of muscle taken from each patient's thigh. They grew these cells in culture, testing for signaling molecules that indicate the likely presence of skeletal muscle stem cells in the mix. Then they grew the cultured cells into small, thin sheets.
After surgery to apply the patch, patients were watched at the hospital for complications and discharged about 50 to 60 days later. None of them showed complications related to the surgery.
The researchers note that in previous studies, when stem cells were injected into the heart - rather than applied as a patch - some patients developed dangerous heart rhythms. In the new study, three patients had irregular heart rhythms after the cell sheets were implanted, but those rhythms were not life threatening and were present before their surgeries.
A year after surgery, 96 percent of patients were alive. About 84 percent were alive three years after surgery.
People with heart failure caused by an enlarged or weakened chamber of the heart - known as dilated cardiomyopathy - did not seem to improve as much after the surgery as people whose condition was caused narrowed blood vessels - known as ischemic cardiomyopathy.
On average, people with ischemic cardiomyopathy improved from class III heart failure before the surgery to class II a year later. Additionally, during tests to see how far patients could walk in six minutes, the group with ischemic cardiomyopathy went from an average of 416 meters before the procedure to an average of 484 meters one year later .
They also improved on a number of other measures, including a blood test that shows how well the heart is working.
The researchers did not compare the patches to other treatments such as surgery to bypass a poorly functioning blood vessel.
Dr. Eiran Gorodeski, a cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic and a expert on heart failure, pointed out that all the patients were taking medications for their heart failure.
"They are being treated with other things," they told Reuters Health. "It's hard to know without a control group if the cells are why these patients got better."
Larger clinical trials that include a control or comparison group need to be performed, said Gorodeski, who wasn't involved in the new study.
"I'm willing to buy in that this approach is feasible and safe," they said.
Gorodeski says if the sheets of cells work, it may be due to their hormones sending signals to the heart to repair itself.
They noted that stem cell therapy for heart failure is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
"For now, treatment with stem cells remain firmly in the experimental realm," said Gorodeski. "There are intriguing and early signals that they may work, but we don't have a slam dunk yet."
SOURCE: bit.ly/1EZ8ITx Journal of the American Heart Association, online April 5, 2017.
The Ithaca College golf team competed in its second match of the spring season. The Bombers placed fourth with a team score of 659, 67 over par, in the Jack Leaman Invitational April 15–16 in Amherst, Massachusetts.
Senior Kimberly Wong tied for fifth with 153 total strokes and was five over par. They finished day one at 78 strokes, which is four over par and day two at 75 strokes, which is one over par.
Junior Indiana Jones placed 22nd with a total of 164 strokes. Jones finished day one with seven strokes over par for a total of 81 strokes. They finished day two with 83 strokes which is nine strokes over par. Jones finished the tournament with 16 strokes over par.
Junior Kyra Denish tied for 26th place with 168 strokes and was 20 strokes over par. They finished both days at 84 strokes, for 10 over par.
Senior Mary Rooker finished day one with a total of 98 strokes for 24 over par. On day two, Rooker shot their career low of 81 strokes for seven over par. They finished the tournament with a total of 179 strokes, 31 over par, and tied for 43rd.
Junior Lauren Saylor placed 53rd in the tournament with 182 total strokes for 34 over par. Saylor finished day one with 93 strokes and was 19 over par. They improved by four strokes on day two to have 89 strokes which is 15 over par.
The Bombers' next outing will be April 22–23 at the Country Club of Ithaca for the Ithaca College Invitational.
Associated Press Ohio Daybook for Monday, Apr. 17.
The daybook is for planning purposes only and is not intended for publication or broadcast. You should verify any event you plan to cover.
Please keep the AP in mind when news develops. The Columbus bureau is reachable at 614-885-2727. Send daybook items to [email protected]
——————–
Monday, Apr. 17 10:00 AM Dem Rep. Marcy Kaptur speaks at announcement of new route out of Toledo Express Airport – Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority announce new route out of Toledo Express Airport, via press conference with Democratic Rep. Marcy Kaptur, Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority President and CEO Paul Toth and Toledo, OH Mayor Paula Hicks-Hudson
Location: Toledo Express Airport Second Floor Terminal, Toledo, OH http://www.toledoportauthority.org/
Contacts: Holly Kemler Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority [email protected] 1 419 260 9981
——————–
Monday, Apr. 17 11:15 AM 28th Bomb Wing officials unveil nose art in observance of the Doolittle Raider anniversary – 28th Bomb Wing officials hold ceremony to unveil ‘Ruptured Duck' nose art on one of the aircraft, as part of a two-day observance of the 75th Doolittle Raider anniversary. Guests include Lt. Col. Richard Cole
Location: 1100 Spaatz St, Dayton, OH Dayton www.wpafb.af.mil
Contacts: 88th Air Base Wing Office of Public Affairs 1 937 522 3252
Media crews desiring to cover this event must arrive at the Hope Hotel parking lot near Packy's Restaurant at 11:15 a.m. April 17 to be escorted to the event location to cover the 12 p.m. ceremony. Media covering the event must RSVP to the 88th Air Base Wing Public Affairs office by calling 937-522-3522 no later than 4 p.m. April 14. An audio MULT box will be available for television media to use. Media must bring their own XLR audio cables for connectivity. No additional microphones will be placed on the podium. This portion of the two-day observance of the 75th anniversary of the Doolittle Raiders mission is not open to the public
——————–
Monday, Apr. 17 2:00 PM POSTPONED: Cleveland Committee of the Whole meeting
Location: City Hall, 601 Lakeside Avenue, Cleveland, OH Cleveland http://www.clevelandcitycouncil.org/ https://twitter.com/CleCityCouncil
Contacts: Joan Mazzolini Chief of Communications [email protected] 1 216 664 4466
——————–
Monday, Apr. 17 Fifth Third Bancorp: Q1 2017 Dividend payment date
Location: TBD http://ir.53.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=72735&p=irol-IRHome https://twitter.com/FifthThird
Contacts: Jim Eglseder Fifth Third Bancorp Investor Relations 1 513 534 8424
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 7:30 AM Otterbein University Ross Leadership Institute Series, with Downtown Columbus President and CEO Guy Worley
Location: Otterbein's Roush Hall, 27 S. Grove St, Westerville, OH http://otterbein.edu/ https://twitter.com/otterbein
Contacts: Jennifer Hill Otterbein University [email protected] 1 614 823 1284
Email [email protected] to register
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 10:00 AM Lincoln Electric Holdings: Q1 2017 Earning conference call / Webcast
Location: TBD http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=100845&p=irol-news
Contacts: Amanda Butler Lincoln Electric Holdings Investor Relations [email protected] 1 216 383 2534
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 11:00 AM ‘Walk a Mile in Them Shoes' event at UT – University of Toledo's Center for Student Advocacy and Wellness and Alpha Chi Omega host ‘Walk a Mile in Them Shoes', in recognition of April being Sexual Assault Awareness Month
Location: Thompson Student Union, Centennial Mall, Toledo, OH Toledo http://www.utoledo.edu/ https://twitter.com/utoledo #RedShoeChallenge
Contacts: Christine Billau University of Toledo 1 419 530 2077
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 11:30 AM Fifth Third Bancorp: Full year 2016 AGM
Location: Hyatt Regency Cincinnati, 151 West, 5th Street, Cincinnati, OH http://ir.53.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=72735&p=irol-IRHome https://twitter.com/FifthThird
Contacts: Jim Eglseder Fifth Third Bancorp Investor Relations 1 513 534 8424
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 12:00 PM Cleveland Committee of the Whole meeting
Location: City Hall, 601 Lakeside Avenue, Cleveland, OH Cleveland http://www.clevelandcitycouncil.org/ https://twitter.com/CleCityCouncil
Contacts: Joan Mazzolini Chief of Communications [email protected] 1 216 664 4466
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 3:00 PM Greater Columbus Sports Commission, Ohio Dominican and Capital University media availability – Greater Columbus Sports Commission Executive Director Linda Logan, Ohio Dominican University Athletics Director Jeff Blair, and Capital University Athletics Director Roger Ingles discuss the NCAA's championship announcements made for the 2018-19 through 2021-22 academic years * The NCAA announced the host cities for more than 400 pre-determined sites for those academic years
Location: 155 W. Nationwide Blvd, Columbus, OH Columbus www.columbussports.org/ https://twitter.com/Columbus_Sports
Contacts: Bruce Wimbish Greater Columbus Sports Commission [email protected] 1 614 632 7600
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 – Thursday, Apr. 20 Midwest Petroleum and Convenience Tradeshow – Midwest Petroleum and Convenience Tradeshow (M-PACT), hosted by Illinois Petroleum Marketers Association / Illinois Association of Convenience Stores / Indiana Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Store Association / Kentucky Petroleum Marketers Association / Ohio Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Store Association
Location: Indiana Convention Center, Indianapolis, IN Indianapolis http://m-pact.org/
Contacts: PMAA 1 517 622 3530 Cathy Melton M-PACT [email protected] 1 317 655 4448
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 March Results
Location: TBD http://investors.progressive.com/ https://twitter.com/Progressive
Contacts: Matt Downing Progressive Corp Press 1 440 395 4222
——————–
Tuesday, Apr. 18 Lincoln Electric Holdings: Q1 2017 Results
Location: TBD http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=100845&p=irol-news
Contacts: Amanda Butler Lincoln Electric Holdings Investor Relations [email protected] 1 216 383 2534
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 8:00 AM Teradata Corp: Full year 2016 AGM
Location: Waldorf Astoria Chicago, 11 East Walton Street, Chicago, IL http://phx.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?c=215054&p=irol-IRHome https://twitter.com/Teradata
Contacts: Gregg Swearingen Teradata Investor Relations [email protected] 1 937 242 4600
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 9:00 AM Huntington Bancshares: Q1 2017 Earning conference call / Webcast
Location: TBD http://www.investquest.com/iq/h/hban/ https://twitter.com/Huntington_Bank
Contacts: Mark Muth Huntington Bancshares Investor Relations [email protected] 1 614.480.4720
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 9:00 AM Sherwin-Williams: Full year 2016 AGM
Location: Landmark Conference Center, 927 Midland Building, 101 Prospect Avenue, Cleveland, OH http://www2.sherwin-williams.com/InvestorRelations/index.html https://twitter.com/SherwinWilliams
Contacts: Bob Wells Sherwin-Williams Investor Relations [email protected] 1 216 566 2244
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 5:00 PM Columbus Councilmember Michael Stinziano holds April Community hours
Location: Columbus Metropolitan Library, 3434 E. Livingston Ave, Columbus, OH Columbus http://www.columbus.gov/ https://twitter.com/ColumbusCouncil
Contacts: Stephanie Megas City of Columbus 1 614 645 8311
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 Procter & Gamble: Q2 2017 Ex-dividend date
Location: TBD http://www.pg.com/investors/sectionmain.jhtml https://twitter.com/ProcterGamble
Contacts: Jennifer Chelune Procter & Gamble Investor Relations [email protected] 1 513 983 2570
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 – Thursday, Apr. 20 Annual Clinic at the Cleveland Clinic
Location: Cleveland, OH Cleveland http://citiconferences.com/ https://twitter.com/Citi
Contacts: Citigroup press 1 212 793 0710
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 Dancers Julianne and Derek Hough begin national tour – ‘Move – Beyond – Live On Tour', national tour begins for professional dancer siblings Julianne and Derek Hough's new stage production inspired by the elements of earth, wind, fire, and water
Location: Akron Civic Theatre, Akron, OH Akron MoveLiveOnTour.com https://twitter.com/MoveLiveOnTour #MoveBeyond
Contacts: Erica Gerard PMK-BNC [email protected] 1 212 373 6108
——————–
Wednesday, Apr. 19 Huntington Bancshares: Q1 2017 Results
Location: TBD http://www.investquest.com/iq/h/hban/ https://twitter.com/Huntington_Bank
Contacts: Mark Muth Huntington Bancshares Investor Relations [email protected] 1 614.480.4720
_____
Keywords: Daybook, Ohio
THE HAGUE: In a key moment for the Ukrainian crisis, the UN's highest court will rule Wednesday on a bid by Kiev to stop Russia allegedly pumping money, arms and troops into the country's war-torn east.
Three years into a bloody conflict that has claimed more than 10,000 lives, Ukraine is urging the International Court of Justice to help bring stability to its volatile east.
Kiev is also calling on The Hague-based court to order Moscow to halt what it calls “racial discrimination” against minority groups in the Russian-occupied Crimea peninsula, particularly against its Tatar population.
The ICJ was set up in 1945 to settle disputes between countries in line with international law.
Ukraine lodged its case in January, accusing Russia of violating the Terrorism Financing Convention and an international treaty against racial discrimination. Moscow rejects the allegations.
In its filing, Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, charged Russia with “sponsoring terrorism” by financing pro-Russian separatists and failing to stop military aid from seeping across the border into eastern Ukraine's Donbas region.
It called on the court's 15 judges to rule that “the Russian Federation bears international responsibility” for “acts of terrorism committed by its proxies in Ukraine.”
These include the shelling and bombing of civilians and the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, shot down by a Russian-made Buk-missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014.
Ukraine wants Russia to pay compensation to all civilians caught up in the conflict—one of Europe's bloodiest since the 1990s Balkans wars—as well as to the families of the 298 victims of MH17.
Moscow denial
As it can take months for the ICJ to even decide to hear a case, Ukraine also filed an application seeking interim protection measures.
In the interim application, Ukraine is seeking a court order calling on the tribunal to order Russia to refrain from “any action which might aggravate or extend the dispute” or make it more difficult to resolve, including a halt to the funnelling of money, weapons, equipment and personnel into the east.
It also urges the tribunal to order Moscow to control its borders in eastern Ukraine and halt racial discrimination in the Crimea, particularly against the Tatars.
After hearings in March, the ICJ will rule on the interim application on Wednesday.
Moscow has strongly denied Kiev's terrorism claims, saying they were “neither factual nor legal” and argued that the ICJ does not have jurisdiction over the case.
“The Russian Federation complies fully with its obligations under (the) treaties that are now relied upon by Ukraine,” Moscow representative Roman Kolodkin told the court last month.
‘Ignore the verdict'
The drawn-out conflict, in which Russia also annexed Ukraine's southern peninsula of Crimea in March 2014, has pushed ties between Moscow and the West to their lowest point since the Cold War.
Although the ICJ's rulings are binding, the court has no power of its own to enforce them.
That would fall onto the UN Security Council, in which Russia—as a permanent member—wields a veto power.
International relations expert Ko Colijn, a research fellow at the Clingedael Institute thinktank in The Hague, said Moscow was unlikely to be affected by the ruling.
“I expect them to ignore the verdict, whether it's positive or negative,” Colijn told AFP.
Ukrainian Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko said in a statement on Thursday that immediately after the ruling, Kiev would unveil “new, very interesting evidence” that would refute what they called “many of Russia's lies and Russia's propaganda.”
AFP
Warren Buffett, the chairperson and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N), will this weekend welcome thousands of people from around the world to Omaha, Nebraska, for the conglomerate's annual shareholder gathering, the largest in corporate America.
The three-day weekend, which Buffett calls "Woodstock for Capitalists," includes shopping discounts, a five-kilometer run, a cocktail reception that consumes a shopping mall, and Berkshire's annual meeting on May 6. The meeting will be webcast on Yahoo Finance, in English and Mandarin.
BERKSHIRE INFORMATION
-Net income: $24.07 billion (2016)
-Operating income: $17.58 billion (2016)
-Revenue: $223.60 billion (2016)
-Cash, equivalents and Treasury bills: $86.4 billion as of Dec. 31, 2016
-Market value: nearly $410 billion as of May 2, 2017
-Stock price: $249,000 per Class A share as of May 2, 2017, roughly 6.5 percent below its $266,390 peak two months earlier. The more widely-held Class B shares are worth about 1/1,500th as much.
-Compounded annual changes from 1965-2016:
-Book value per share: 19.0 percent
-Stock price: 20.8 percent
-S&P 500 including dividends: 9.7 percent (pre-tax)
-Float (insurance premiums collected before claims are paid, which helps fund investments): $91.6 billion as of year-end
-Major stock investments: American Express, Apple, Coca-Cola, IBM, Kraft Heinz, Wells Fargo. Berkshire has also taken big stakes in the four largest U.S. airlines: American, Delta, Southwest and United Continental. It also has a roughly $11.5 billion paper gain from warrants in Bank of America.
-Selected business units: Benjamin Moore, Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, BNSF, Borsheim's Fine Jewelry, Brooks, Business Wire, Clayton Homes, Duracell, Fruit of the Loom, Geico, General Re, HomeServices of America, IMC International Metalworking, International Dairy Queen, Johns Manville, Lubrizol, Marmon, McLane, National Indemnity, Nebraska Furniture Mart, NetJets, Pampered Chef, Precision Castparts, See's Candies.
-Last major acquisition: Precision Castparts, January 2016
-Selected acquisitions (larger amounts rounded to the nearest a billion): Geico, $2.3 billion (1996); Dairy Queen, $590 million (1998); General Re, $16 billion (1998); NetJets, $725 million (1998); Clayton Homes, $1.7 billion (2003); PacifiCorp, $5 billion (2006); Marmon, $4.5 billion (2008); Burlington Northern Santa Fe, $27 billion (2010); Lubrizol, $9 billion (2011); NV Energy, $6 billion (2013); H.J. Heinz, $12 billion (majority stake, 2013); Van Tuyl, $4.1 billion (2015); Precision Castparts, $32 billion (2016). (Sources: Barclays Capital, Berkshire)
-A failed acquisition: Dexter Shoe, $434 million (1993) (Buffett says they used Berkshire stock now worth roughly $6.3 billion to buy a business whose value "promptly went to zero")
-Employees at year end: 367,671
-Employees in main office: 25, including Buffett
-Succession: Buffett, 86, and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, have not publicly signaled any plans to retire. Buffett has said Berkshire's board has a succession plan it could implement in fewer than 24 hours.
-Potential successors: Investors view Berkshire insurance executive Ajit Jain and Berkshire Hathaway Energy chief Gregory Abel as top candidates to become chief executive. BNSF Chairman Matthew Rose is also a potential candidate. Buffett's investing lieutenants Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who together recently managed $21 billion, may take over as chief investment officer. Buffett's eldest son Howard is expected to become non-executive chairperson, and work to preserve Berkshire's culture. Buffett protégé Tracy Britt Cool, 32, chairs several Berkshire units and is chief executive of Pampered Chef.
ATTENDANCE AT BERKSHIRE ANNUAL MEETINGS
1965: 12
1979: about 24
1986: 1,000
1995: 4,100
1997: 7,700
2000: 13,000
2005: 21,000
2015: 40,000+
2016: 37,000 (meeting was webcast for first time; 1.1 million unique online visits were logged in real time)
(Sources: Omaha World-Herald, Berkshire, Reuters)
FACTS ABOUT WARREN BUFFETT
Birth date: August 30, 1930
Education: University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Columbia Business School
Net worth: $74.3 billion on May 2, 2017, ranking fourth worldwide. Bill Gates, the Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) co-founder and a Berkshire director since 2004, ranked first. (Source: Forbes)
Berkshire ownership stake: 17.9 percent as of March 17, 2017
Berkshire voting power: 32.7 percent as of March 17, 2017
Annual salary at Berkshire: $100,000
Buffett's takeover of Berkshire: Buffett planned in 1965 to sell back their shares in Berkshire, then a struggling textile company, for $11.50 each. But they got angry when the term sheet showed a price of just $11.375 per share. Buffett instead bought all the shares they could, and took control on May 10, 1965. The textile business closed in 1985.
Year when Buffett met Charlie Munger: 1959
Munger's influence: Though Buffett and Munger admire famed investor Benjamin Graham, Buffett has credited Munger with pushing them to focus on buying wonderful companies at fair prices, rather than fair companies at wonderful prices.
Famous Buffett quotation: "Lose money for the firm, and I will be understanding. Lose a shred of reputation for the firm, and I will be ruthless." - Sept. 4, 1991 Congressional testimony about Salomon Inc, where Buffett became interim chairperson to restore order after a Treasury auction bidding scandal.
Current wife: Astrid Menks, married on August 30, 2006
First wife: Susan, who died in 2004
Children: Susan, Howard and Peter
Philanthropy: Buffett has since 2006 donated more than $24.3 billion to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four family charities, after pledging 85 percent of their net worth to them. Their Berkshire stock will go to philanthropy after they die.
Home: Has lived in the same house since 1958. The 96-year-old, 10-room, five-bedroom, 2-1/2-bath home on 0.72 acres was assessed at $730,800 in 2017. (Source: Douglas County, Nebraska)
Food preferences: Steak, hamburger, Cherry Coke, See's fudge and peanut brittle.
Percentage of caloric intake from Coke products: 25.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
"Can you imagine them having a kid at this age?" they asked, shaking them head.
When she's away and Christer looks after their two puppies on their own, they usually bring them here and tells me how exhausting they are. It is difficult for me to imagine anything more unlikely than Christopher having a child when I did. Discovering they can't count made me even more nervous.
"I could tell them in exquisite detail all about the night they were born … 26 years ago," I told Pam. "It was a lovely Halloween night until they announced their imminent arrival two weeks early. I recall every excruciating minute of their two-hour delivery, all aided and abetted by the fact they wouldn't give me any drugs."
I didn't get any drugs with the next kid, either, something I am apparently still bitter about. Like my mother before me, when we deliver, the doctor needs a catcher's mitt.
"I had to get their driver's licence out to prove to them that they were 26," they laughed.
I recalled those posters they have up in the LCBO that ask, "do I look 25?" and thought of Christopher looking in the mirror and asking themselves a similar question.
We don't really celebrate birthdays around here, mostly based on my philosophy that unless your birthday ends in a zero or you count your age in "and a halfs," they matter little. One rolls into the next and before you know it, you're 26. Or 27. Or 54.
This led me to realize that it was perhaps my fault that my son didn't know how old they are. I looked at their sad text, a grown man uncertain of their actual age for two solid months. I texted back the only thing that would express my remorse.
"You're an idiot."
www.lorraineonline.ca
(Corrects number of Boeing P-8 orders and adds tanker orders in paragraphs 3-4)
PARIS, April 6 Airbus took 20 new jet orders in March to end the first quarter well behind rival Boeing as delays in deliveries of the A320neo shifted the spotlight back to an earlier model.
The France-based company ended the quarter with 26 orders, but the net total for the year shrank to six after allowing for cancellations and conversions between different models.
Boeing earlier posted 226 jetliner orders for the same quarter, though these were boosted by a batch of 21 orders for airframes for its P-8 military surveillance jet project and 15 internal airframe orders for U.S. air refuelling tankers.
After cancellations, Boeing posted 198 net orders including the P-8s for Australia, Britain, India and the United States and the U.S. tankers, but most of the remaining orders were from airlines that have to be identified.
Airbus took 18 orders for its popular A320 single-aisle jet, despite it nearing the end of its production as Airbus switches to the upgraded A320neo, whose deliveries have been delayed by problems at one engine supplier, Pratt & Whitney.
The order tally for A320neo aircraft fell by 8 units in March: hardly enough to dent a backlog of over 3,500 orders but enough to highlight the unexpected extra availability of current-generation A320s as Airbus keeps assembly lines flowing.
Chinese lessor CALC and U.S. budget carrier Spirit Airlines are among customers seizing the chance to pick up extra A320s powered by an earlier generation of engines at what some industry sources describe as "opportunistic" prices.
For the second month in a row, Airbus delivered 12 A320neos in March to bring the total for the year to 26, but deliveries remain behind schedule due mainly to technical and production problems with engines from Pratt, one of two suppliers.
Airbus aims to deliver about 200 A320neos this year.
Airbus delivered 13 A350s and 3 A380s in the first quarter.
It delivered a total of 136 jets compared with Boeing's total of 169. Boeing overtook its European rival as the world's largest jetliner producer in 2012 and analysts say it is expected to retain the title through the rest of the decade, while the prize for most orders is hotly contested each year. (Reporting by Tim Hepher, editing by David Evans)
JOHANNESBURG, April 12 South African investors want the ruling African National Congress to explain in detail what "radical economic transformation" as stated by the government in recent speeches means, Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Wednesday.
"The sense from the investors is we need to explain in detail what we mean by radical economic transformation ... we don't want to create a disjuncture between growth and development," Gigaba said.
Speaking to local investors at the Development Bank of South Africa, Gigaba said treasury will unveil plans to deal with downgrades from S&P Global Rating and Fitch after a special cabinet meeting scheduled to take place later on Wednesday. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia)
April 12 Aeolus Tyre Co Ltd
* Says it plans to buy 90 percent stake in Prometeon Tyre Group S.r.l., domestic tyre firm and industrial tyres related assets for a combined 5.8 billion yuan ($841.58 million) via share issue
* Says it aims to raise up to 2.0 billion yuan in private placement of shares to fund projects
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2p5eumX
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8918 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 5 Arconic Inc :
* Announces cash tender offers by citigroup global markets Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for up to $1 billion of co's outstanding debt securities
* Says cash tender offers is for up to $1 billion principal amount of arconic's outstanding debt securities
* Purchasers are offering to purchase any and all of co's 6.500% notes due 2018 and 6.750% notes due 2018
* Purchasers also offering to purchase co's 5.720% notes due 2019 up to $500 million less the amount tendered and accepted in 2018 offers Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
STOCKHOLM Swedish police said on Sunday that the suspect in the Stockholm truck attack was known to have expressed sympathies with extremist organisations, including Islamic state.
Police also said that the suspect had sought and been denied permanent residency in the Nordic country and was wanted for deportation.
"We know that they showed sympathies for extremist organisations, among them IS," police official Jonas Hysing told a news conference.
Police also said roughly five other people of interest to the investigation remained in police custody.
(Reporting by Stockholm newsroom)
April 20 Global Yellow Pages Ltd
* Appealed against parts of high court judgement and court of appeal released its judgement in relation to appeal on 19 april 2017
* Refers to announcement made on 28 jan in relation to release of judgement by high court pertaining to legal action by co against promedia directories
* Court of appeal granted co's appeal to extent that letters of demand sent by co to defendant did not constitute groundless threats of copyright infringemen
* "otherwise, appeal is dismissed" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
BAKERSFIELD, Calif. — Jarkel Joiner scored 21 points on 8-for-13 shooting, Damiyne Durham added 16 more and Cal State Bakersfield cruised to an 81-58 win over Missouri-Kansas City on Saturday night.
Cal State Bakersfield (10-13, 3-5 Western Athletic Conference) shot 56 per cent from the field, getting 16 assists on 31 baskets, and dominated inside with a 38-14 advantage in points in the paint. Moataz Aly and Justin Davis finished with 10 points each for the Roadrunners, whose win gave coach Greg McCall their 100th career victory.
Isaiah Ross opened the game with a 3-pointer to spark an 8-0 run for UMKC (6-19, 1-7), which still led 13-12 midway through the opening half before Cal State Bakersfield took over.
Joiner then hit a 3-pointer to put CSUB on top for good and spark a 32-7 run to take a 44-20 advantage into the break.
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
— ensure Canada's gun laws respect the rights of honest firearms owners;
— recognize the fact that hunting and sports shooting are an important part of Canadian culture history;
— and empower police to concentrate on real criminals who pose a public threat.
Conservative MP Glen Motz has urged the government to find a way of cracking down on the sale of illegal guns from abroad through the darkest channels of the internet.
The number of firearm-related homicides in Canada hit 223 in 2016 — up 44 from 2015, and the third consecutive annual increase. There were 141 gang-related homicides in 2016, 45 more than the previous year. In addition, break-and-enters to steal guns have been rising.
There are three classes of firearms: non-restricted (such as hunting rifles and shotguns), restricted (handguns and some semi-automatics) and prohibited (prescribed handguns and fully automatics).
Guns are classified through definitions in the Criminal Code or by means of classification regulations.
Justice Department briefing materials prepared for a federal advisory committee on firearms note that the regulations have not been substantially updated in more than two decades. "There are many loopholes and inconsistencies within the current firearms classification regime."
Any legislative measures to strengthen background checks for people buying handguns or other restricted firearms would be aimed at ensuring the system "works to protect public safety," said Goodale, adding "that's an area where there is broad, broad consensus."
Internal briefing notes indicate the government has also pondered possible measures to more quickly identify people considered unfit to have guns for reasons such as mental instability or violent behaviour.
Under the current firearms licence application and renewal process, personal information helps determine whether someone is eligible for a licence. In addition, "continuous eligibility screening" means criminal behaviour can be flagged for the federal chief firearms officer for review and possible investigation.
— Follow @JimBronskill on Twitter
By Jim Bronskill, The Canadian Press
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
March 31 Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Ltd -
* Termination Of The Very Substantial Disposal For Cash In Relation To The Disposal Of 36.28% Shareholding In CFSG To Ever Billion
* CIGL as offeror and CASH entered into a termination agreement
* Parties agreed to immediately terminate sale and purchase agreement
* Deposit in amount of hk$50 million paid under sale and purchase agreement will be returned to offeror Source text (bit.ly/2nGKlZz) Further company coverage:
LONDON/VANCOUVER May 3 Miner-trader Glencore Plc has hired the Bank of Nova Scotia to sell a portfolio of royalties, including a royalty on the Antamina copper-zinc mine in Peru, four people familiar with the process told Reuters.
The Antamina royalty makes up the bulk of the value of the package and could fetch up to $250 million, the people said. The portfolio also includes several much smaller royalties on other mines and exploration assets owned by Glencore around the world, they added.
It is not clear whether Glencore will sell 100 percent of the royalties, which gives its owner the right to receive a percentage of production from a mining operation, or retain a stake in them.
There is no certainty that the sales process will result in a transaction, the people said. The people, whom Reuters spoke to over a period of several days, declined to be named as the talks were confidential.
Glencore declined to comment. The London-listed miner's operations comprise some 150 assets worldwide, including nickel, zinc, copper and coal mines. Bank of Nova Scotia did not have an immediate comment. (Reporting by Clara Denina in London and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; additional reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Barbara Lewis in London; Editing by Denny Thomas and Bill Rigby)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
SEATTLE (Reuters) - Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla Inc, has said little about how they plan to turn their prototype electric truck into reality.
But Reuters has learned that Tesla is collaborating with Anheuser-Busch, PepsiCo and United Parcel Service Inc to build on-site charging terminals at their facilities as part of the automaker's efforts to roll out the vehicle next year.
Details of the partnerships, which have not been disclosed previously, are still being hammered out, but include design and engineering from Tesla, the companies said. They declined to disclose what portion of the building costs, if any, Tesla would pay, or whether Tesla would be compensated for its work.
The firms are among nine major corporations that have placed pre-orders for Tesla's truck, dubbed the Semi.
With questions swirling over whether Tesla can make good on its aggressive timetable, news of the collaboration is a sign that corporate customers are taking the effort seriously, and that Tesla is working to solve one of the biggest impediments: keeping the big-rigs powered.
Companies that spoke with Reuters said the first step is to install charging equipment on their own premises. The Semis would be limited to routes that would get them back to home base before the batteries are spent, the firms said.
PepsiCo, which has reserved 100 Tesla trucks, said it may eventually explore sharing facilities and costs with other companies. The food conglomerate has held multiple meetings with Tesla to discuss the recharging effort, said PepsiCo executive Mike O‘Connell.
“We have a lot of in-house capability around energy and engineering ... and certainly Tesla brings their expertise to the table on energy and charging,” said O‘Connell, senior director of supply chain for Frito-Lay North America, PepsiCo's snack-food unit.
Separately, in a high-tech twist on the traditional truck stop, Tesla is moving ahead with plans for its own stations to sell electricity to truckers who pull up for a charge, according to customers and transportation industry executives who have discussed the matter with the Silicon Valley automaker.
Tesla already operates more than 1,100 “supercharger” stations globally for drivers of its passenger cars. Musk has spoken publicly of doing something similar for its heavy-duty trucks by installing a network of solar-powered “megachargers” that could juice up a Semi battery in 30 minutes.
But just how quickly Tesla could build a robust network of electric filling stations for commercial truckers is not clear. The company is already stretched thin and burning cash. Tesla has struggled to ramp up production of its new Model 3 sedan, which has been plagued by delays. Some analysts and trucking executives doubt that Tesla can deliver the Semi in 2019, much less a vast charging infrastructure to support it.
A Tesla spokesperson confirmed that the Fremont, California-based company is working closely with large customers to build Semi charging stations. They declined to comment further on the arrangements or Tesla's plans for its own truck-charging terminals.
Anheuser-Busch is evaluating installing its own charging equipment for its 40 Tesla Semis at large breweries and other key locations, according to James Sembrot, senior director of supply chain for the St. Louis-based beer maker.
“What was important to us was to make a big investment in this cutting-edge technology and secure our place in line,” Sembrot said.
UPS, too, expects to work closely with Tesla on building on-site charging stations, according to Scott Phillippi, global engineering director for the parcel delivery behemoth. The Atlanta-based company pre-ordered 125 Semis in December.
Grocery chain Loblaw Companies Ltd will likely use solar power to juice charging stations for the 25 Semis that it has pre-ordered from Tesla, according to spokesperson Catherine Thomas. They said Loblaw was considering Tesla as well as “a few other companies” for technology and design.
None of the companies would disclose cost estimates for building their own charging infrastructure.
FILE PHOTO: Tesla's new electric semi truck is unveiled during a presentation in Hawthorne, California, U.S., November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandria Sage/File Photo
U.S. transit agencies that operate electric buses provide some clues. A “fast charger” terminal serving six electric buses would cost $249,000, according to a 2016 report from the California Air Resources Board.
But analysts and automotive industry executives said the price tag for commercial truck facilities could easily reach into the millions of dollars, depending on factors such as the number of big-rigs to be recharged, the energy source for the electricity and existing energy infrastructure in a given area.
AUTOMAKER OR ENERGY SUPPLIER?
Tesla in November unveiled its prototype Semi with the aim of upending the trucking industry. At a splashy event in Hawthorne, California, Musk said the sleek, battery-powered cab could achieve up to 500 miles on a single charge, and be faster, cleaner and cheaper to operate than conventional diesels.
Base prices range from $150,000 to $200,000, according to Tesla's website, compared to $120,000 for a typical diesel. Companies including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Sysco Corp plunked down deposits, getting plenty of public relations mileage in the process.
But Tesla's most obvious potential customers - major U.S. trucking firms - have not jumped on board.
FILE PHOTO: Tesla's new electric semi truck is unveiled during a presentation in Hawthorne, California, U.S., November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandria Sage/File Photo
Werner Enterprises Inc, YRC Worldwide Inc, Daseke Inc and Old Dominion Freight Line are among the transport companies holding off pre-orders of the Tesla for now, citing doubts about the Semi's promised recharge time, range, price and payload capabilities.
Derek Leathers, chief executive of Werner, said they are not among the “naysayer crowd” that doubts Tesla's ability to produce a viable electric truck.
“I think it'll happen, I just think their timeline is extremely aggressive,” Leathers said.
Still, a dearth of publicly available charging infrastructure makes electrics impractical for long-haul trucking in the United States and elsewhere.
That is something Tesla's Musk has sought to address with their plans for solar-powered “megacharger” stations. But they have provided few specifics. At the November Semi unveiling, Musk said “we're guaranteeing” 7 cents per-kilowatt-hour price for electricity at the facilities.
That is at the low end of cost figures cited by the U.S. government. Solar power for commercial use costs 9-12 cents per kilowatt hour, or 6-8 cents with a federal subsidy, according to a 2017 report from the U.S. Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
Customers and industry executives said Tesla intends to buy cheap excess solar power off the U.S. energy grid, store it in enormous battery banks, then profit from selling it to drivers of Semis.
But that strategy carries risks, experts said.
“It's a departure from being a vehicle manufacturer to being an energy supplier,” said Darren Gosbee, vice president of engineering at Navistar International Corp, which is working to launch an electric medium-duty truck by late 2019.
Ian Wright, a Tesla co-founder who now runs their own company making electric powertrains for industrial trucks, is skeptical that truck charging stations can be a big moneymaker for Tesla.
They estimated the capital costs for batteries alone would be $15 million for a single station.
“I am not seeing any profit in the energy brokering for Tesla,” said Wright, whose Wrightspeed powertrain venture is based in Alameda, California.
Everton's Ross Barkley was the victim of an "unprovoked attack" at a bar in Liverpool on Sunday night, the midfielder's lawyer said in a statement on Monday.
CCTV footage were circulated on social media of the 23-year-old England international allegedly being struck in the face by a man while out celebrating Everton's 4-2 Premier League victory against Leicester City at Goodison Park on Sunday.
"Ross was the victim of an unprovoked attack by a stranger who approached them on Sunday evening," said their lawyer Matt Himsworth, managing director of Himsworths Legal.
Merseyside Police said in a statement they were investigating an incident concerning a man, matching Barkley's description, being attacked in a bar in Liverpool.
"Merseyside Police is aware of footage online reportedly showing an assault in a bar in Liverpool city centre. No report of an assault has been received but officers are making enquiries to establish the circumstances of the incident."
British media reported that Barkley, who has played 173 games for Everton, was not seriously injured in the attack and was training with the Merseyside club on Monday.
(Reporting By Tom Hayward; Editing by Ian Chadband)
Law enforcement from throughout Pierce County is searching for a man who tried to run over a Fircrest police officer Friday night, according to the Pierce County Sheriff's Department. Joshua Bessex jbessex@gateline.com
WASHINGTON, April 6 Former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and White House adviser Gary Cohn shocked more than a few of their former Wall Street colleagues this week when they showed support for reinstating a Depression-era law that would break up the biggest U.S. banks.
Here are some details about the law, called the Glass-Steagall Act, and why it has returned to the spotlight:
WHAT IS GLASS-STEAGALL: Originally passed as part of the U.S. Banking Act of 1933, Glass-Steagall established a firewall between commercial and investment banking activity. The law was whittled away over time as banks gained permission to engage in more trading activity, and was repealed altogether in 1999 with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.
WHO SUPPORTS IT?: Since the 2008 financial crisis, Glass-Steagall has become a calling card for politicians eager to crack down on Wall Street. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren frequently invokes it, and Senator Bernie Sanders made it a major part of their presidential campaign. President Donald Trump also seized on the policy during their campaign.
WHAT DOES THE White House SAY?: The Trump administration has not backed away from their campaign stance, but there are questions about how aggressively the president will push for a new law. The issue only tends to come up when officials are asked about it. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said they supported a modern version of Glass-Steagall in response to a question during their confirmation hearing. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the White House supports the proposal when asked by reporters. Cohn responded favorably when asked by Warren at a private meeting with senators.
WHAT WOULD A NEW GLASS-STEAGALL LOOK LIKE?: There are a number of ideas to create what some refer to as a "21st Century Glass-Steagall." Warren has proposed splitting commercial and investment banking, and also barring depository institutions from using modern financial instruments like derivatives. Thomas Hoenig, the vice chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, has proposed a similar split, and would subject banks to a higher, 10 percent capital requirement. Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, would force big banks to take on so much capital they would prefer to split into smaller institutions.
COULD IT HAPPEN?: Although many Wall Street critics have seized on Glass-Steagall, efforts to change the law have garnered very little support. Warren's proposal received just a handful of legislative co-sponsors. And because Congress and the White House are still consumed with complex fights over health care and tax reform, there seems to be little appetite for a broad, controversial overhaul of the financial system.
ARE THERE RISKS FOR BANKS?: Big U.S. lenders including JPMorgan Chase & Co, Bank of America Corp and Citigroup would be most impacted, because their commercial lending and investment banking operations are closely intertwined, say analysts. Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley might be less impacted, although they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding. But even if Glass-Steagall does not become law, the industry may have to spend money, time and energy lobbying against the idea, when they would rather focus on rolling back existing rules. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Andrew Hay)
BRASILIA Brazil posted a record trade surplus for March, reaching $7.1 billion, government data showed on Monday, surpassing market expectations despite a small drop in beef exports after a corruption scandal in the sector led to temporary import bans.
Exports totaled $20.1 billion and imports $12.9 billion. Economists in a Reuters poll predicted a surplus of $6.8 billion, according to their median forecast.
The meat scandal, which saw China and Hong Kong impose import bans, appeared to have less of an impact on export numbers than some had anticipated.
Exports of beef were down just 6.1 percent compared with the same month last year, while poultry and pork exports rose 7 percent and 33.4 percent respectively.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Diane Craft and Lisa Shumaker)
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 5 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A Brazilian government programme to formally distribute land to thousands of small-scale farmers is helping the country protect its vast forests, according to research presented to lawmakers on Wednesday.
Launched in 2009, the Legal Land Programme has distributed more than 20,000 property title deeds to farmers in the Amazon rainforest in Latin America's largest country.
Independent analysis of the programme based on satellite maps and government data, shows that land where title deeds had been distributed had 2 percent more forest left intact compared with territory lacking in titles.
"The programme is an effective way to reduce deforestation," said Dimitri Szerman, a senior analyst with the Climate Policy Initiative research group in Rio de Janeiro, which carried out the analysis.
Two percent might sound small, but against high rates of deforestation, it was significant, said Szerman, who presented the findings of their research to government officials in the capital Brasilia on Wednesday.
"There is no silver bullet on deforestation," Szerman told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. "Two percent is actually an aggressive result."
Brazil, which is home to the Amazon, the world's largest tropical forest, is losing the equivalent of two football fields of forest each minute, according to the former head of the country's forestry service.
After years of declines, the rate of deforestation shot up by 29 percent last year compared to 2015, according to Brazil's National Space Research Institute (INPE).
Analysts say a lack of property rights has fuelled the recent increase in deforestation.
Vacant lands and public areas which are not officially owned by anyone, make up more than one fifth of Brazil's total area, according to the Climate Policy Initiative.
These lands are often illegally occupied by individuals or investors, said Szerman.
"In the long-term you need to solve the problem of property rights to bring down deforestation," Szerman said.
(Reporting by Chris Arsenault @chrisarsenaul, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
FILE PHOTO: The entry to the Home Capital Group's headquarters are seen in an office tower in the financial district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren/File Photo
TORONTO/NEW YORK Buyout firms Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N) and Centerbridge Partners LP is among potential suitors studying bids for Canada's biggest alternative mortgage lender, Home Capital Group Inc (HCG.TO), people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Brookfield Asset Management (BAMa.TO) and Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd (FFH.TO) are among other firms interested in buying Home Capital, which sought emergency funding last week, the people said, speaking on condition of anonymity as the discussions are private.
The stock was up about 7 percent before Reuters reported the possible interest, sending shares up as much as 16 percent to the day's high of C$8.07, giving Home Capital a market value of about $378 million. It closed up 11.4 percent.
The potential bidders are working with investment banks as they consider their options and are likely to wait until a Canadian regulator holds a hearing on Thursday, the people said this week. The Ontario Securities Commission has accused Home Capital of making "materially misleading statements" to investors and named its current chief financial officer and two former chief executive officers.
Home Capital said last week it had hired RBC Capital Markets and BMO Capital Markets "to advise on further financing and strategic options" after securing a high-interest C$2 billion credit line.
Home Capital, Brookfield, Blackstone and Centerbridge declined to comment. Apollo and Fairfax did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Home Capital is expected to sell at a discount to its book value, which is about C$1.6 billion, the people said. Non-bank lenders usually fetch between one to two times book value, they added.
Potential buyers are evaluating bids for the whole or part of Home Capital, the people said. Some smaller companies are looking at parts of Home Capital.
The loan from the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan, which was secured last week, has bought Home Capital some time, so a sale would not have to be rushed, the people said.
Some potential buyers believe the asset could be picked up at a good price and may look to unlock value in a turnaround of Home Capital once current issues surrounding the company are resolved, the people said.
Home Capital has seen nearly three-fourths of its high interest savings deposits pulled out. Its shares have shed 72 percent of their value since March 27.
On March 27, it lost Chief Executive Martin Reid and last month founder Gerald Soloway agreed to step down from the board.
It is not clear yet if Home Capital will sell itself to one buyer or if the assets would be broken up to multiple buyers, the people said.
Canada's six biggest lenders have so far showed little interest in Home Capital, the people said.
Home Capital also delayed filing its first-quarter earnings report by eight days to May 11, from the company said in a statement on Tuesday.
(Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Andrew Hay)
Maryland man charged with assaulting Secret Service agent
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Maryland man is accused of assaulting a uniformed U.S. Secret Service officer outside the White House while shouting for officers to kill him.
The Washington Post reports 20-year-old Steven Carmona of Wheaton, Maryland, was released from jail Tuesday and charged with assault. Court documents say an officer told Carmona they couldn't park in a crosswalk near the White House. They say Carmona then "squared-off" against an officer and was taken to the ground by officers.
They say Carmona then punched one officer twice in the face. They say Carmona was shouting "where is the president" and "just end it, just kill me." Carmona must report for drug testing and avoid a four-block area around the White House.
The newspaper reports it couldn't reach Carmona and their lawyer for comment.
___
Information from: The Washington Post, http://www.washingtonpost.com
Lisa Vanderpump thinks it was "unbelievable" two of their dogs passed away within days of one another.
The 57-year-old reality star recently revealed their pink Pomeranian Pink Dog had died, and on Thursday (05.10.17) they announced a second pet, Pikachu, had also lost their lives, just six days later.
And Lisa admitted promoting their documentary, 'The Road to Yulin and Beyond' - which is about trying to end the dog meat trade - was particularly hard to do in the wake of the double loss.
They told Us Weekly magazine: "To even talk about that right now -- having lost two of my dogs in just a few days has been unbelievable. At this time, it's difficult to do it."
However, they were very proud of the work done in the film.
Speaking at its premiere at the Awareness Film Festival in Los Angeles, they said: "We're trying to create a humane environment for dogs everywhere.
"It is important for us to be here, and I thank everybody else for coming out and supporting this short documentary. But it's been a wonderful year as well because the Vanderpump Dog Rescue Centre has already adopted out, I think, 250 dogs from the kill shelters."
The 'Real Housewives' star had revealed Pomeranian Pikachu had passed away on their Instagram account shortly before the premiere.
Along with a picture of the cute dog, Lisa wrote: "Rest in peace my sweet Pikachu, we will miss you so much,. Such sadness at your loss (sic)".
Lisa later revealed that Pikachu - named after the popular electric-mouse from the 'Pokémon' franchise - was suffering and they were treated with "love and compassion".
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Routemaster Capital Inc:
* ROUTEMASTER CAPITAL UPDATES ON BLOCKCHAIN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON — Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travellers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted.
With temperatures dropping overnight as low as minus 11.6 Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit), hundreds of schools were closed Monday. Europe's largest airport, Heathrow, warned Monday that some flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday's snowfall.
Heathrow asked travellers to check with their airlines. In the world of interconnected air travel, any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position, knocking them out of rotation for their next assignments.
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales. Trains on Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, Great Western, and Virgin Trains will all also be affected.
WARA Conservation Project Coordinator Charlotte Houpline looks at chimpanzees in a cage in a private zoo in Kindia, Guinea April 12, 2017. WARA Conservation Project/Handout via Reuters
WARA Conservation Project Coordinator Charlotte Houpline looks at chimpanzees in a cage in a private zoo in Kindia, Guinea April 12, 2017. WARA Conservation Project/Handout via Reuters
KINDIA, Guinea, - Police in Guinea have arrested an army colonel on suspicion of animal trafficking and seized a menagerie of animals from two properties they own that they described as private zoos, a senior officer said on Saturday.
Chimpanzees, a baboon, ostriches from Mali and turtles that inhabit the edge of the Sahara were among the 33 animals and 12 species found during police raids, said Charlotte Houpline of the WARA Conservation Project which worked on the investigation.
"He was the owner of the animals and planned to sell them. They will be charged with animal trafficking," Gadiri Conde, a divisional police commissioner, told Reuters.
A senior police source named the man, arrested in the capital Conakry on Wednesday, as Colonel Ibrahima Bangoura.
WARA, a French charity based in Guinea and Senegal, began investigating Bangoura in 2013, suspecting them of being part of a network that trades protected species on the international market, Houpline said.
"This is a victory in the fight against corruption and impunity," they said, adding that Interpol has collaborated on the case.
Reuters was unable to contact Bangoura for comment.
After one of the raids, chimpanzees peered from cages as security officials in army fatigues carried them through the woods and loaded them onto pick-up trucks, Reuters TV pictures showed. A crocodile snapped at its rescuers as it was dragged from a shallow pool.
The animals have been released into the wild except for four chimpanzees that have been taken to a sanctuary.
Guinea is a major wildlife trafficking hub, with ivory, skins, shark fins and live mammals regularly sold internationally by criminal groups. In March, authorities arrested two senior members of network suspected of trafficking chimpanzees and other endangered animals for over 30 years.
In recent years charities have worked with authorities to protect forests from poachers and traffickers. A priority is to protect elephants in the Ziama forest, in the south of the country around 800 km (500 miles) from Conakry.
(Additional reporting by Nellie Peyton in Dakar, Saliou Samb in Conakry and Matthew Mpoke Bigg in Accra; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
May 2 T2 Biosystems Inc:
* T2 biosystems reports first quarter 2017 results and corporate update
* Sees Q2 research revenue to be below $100,000
* Q1 loss per share $0.48
* Q1 revenue $941,000
* Q1 revenue view $2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.46 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Company anticipates total operating expenses for Q2 of 2017 to be between $12.3 million and $12.9 million
* Company anticipates continued growth of product revenue in Q2 of 2017 from an increase in T2Candida panel sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FORMER Leeds United star Robbie Rogers has announced that they are to marry their boyfriend.
Rogers and their partner Greg Berlanti, a TV producer, announced their engagement in an Instagram post.
Robbie Rogers (left) with fiance Greg Berlanti
Rogers wrote in the post: "Thank you to everyone before us that made this moment possible... I feel extremely lucky and blessed to end 2016 engaged to the love of my life. ❤ Happy New Year!"
Berlanti wrote in an Instagram post: "2016 was memorable for many reasons, for me it as the year my heart doubled in size. First, when my son Caleb was born. And second, a few days ago, when I got engaged to my soulmate ❤️ though I dreamed of both those things happening, i'm not sure I truly believed they were possible. Thanks to the friends and family who helped me find my way to this moment in my blessed life. a happy and healthy 2017 to all.
Rogers came out as gay in 2013, while announcing their retirement from professional football – but they have since come out of retirement and now plays for LA Galaxy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Novo Nordisk
* Says once-weekly semaglutide demonstrated consistent bloodglucose reductions and weight loss regardless of background oral antidiabetic treatment
* Says findings from a post hoc analysis of the phase 3a SUSTAIN 2-4 trials demonstrated greater mean reductions in HbA1c and body weight with once-weekly semaglutide treatment compared to sitagliptin, exenatide extended release (ER) and insulin glargine U100 in adults with type 2 diabetes, across multiple background oral antidiabetic (OAD) treatment categories
* The results were presented at the Endocrine Society's 99th Annual Meeting and Expo (ENDO 2017) in Orlando, Florida in the United States Further company coverage: (Copenhagen newsroom)
* Briton moves into a share of championship lead
* Verstappen finishes third after a strong race (Adds details)
By Abhishek Takle
SHANGHAI, April 9 Lewis Hamilton mastered Shanghai's changing conditions and stayed clear of squabbling rivals to win the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix on Sunday.
The Briton eased their Mercedes across the line 6.2 seconds ahead of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, with Max Verstappen, who started 16th, finishing a surprise third for Red Bull.
It was Hamilton's 54th career win, and a record fifth in Shanghai.
The triple champion's first win this season returned Mercedes to the top of the podium after Vettel won last month's season opening race in Australia for a resurgent Ferrari.
"Well managed, guys," Hamilton told their team on the radio on the cool-down lap.
"We really worked hard for this."
Hamilton, who finished second to Vettel in Melbourne, heads into the next race in Bahrain in a week's time tied on points with the German.
Daniel Ricciardo finished fourth for Red Bull, crossing the line just 0.8 seconds behind Verstappen after hassling the Dutchman in the closing stages of the 56-lap race.
Hamilton started from pole position but the conditions were a bit of a lottery for all the drivers with the track damp in places but drying quickly.
They kept the lead off the line ahead of Vettel who had to defend early on from Valtteri Bottas in the other Mercedes.
Lance Stroll, the 18-year-old rookie, spun off the track on the first lap after making contact with Force India's Sergio Perez. The Canadian beached their Williams in the gravel, bringing out the virtual safety car.
Vettel took the opportunity to dive into the pits to change to dry weather tyres.
Their gamble backfired when Antonio Giovinazzi — standing in for Pascal Wehrlein at Sauber — crashed, bringing out the actual safety car two laps later.
That let Hamilton switch to dry weather tyres without losing position and also allowed both Red Bulls and Vettel's Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen to jump the German.
Verstappen, who overtook nine cars on the first lap, immediately dispatched teammate Ricciardo to move up to second.
Vettel, however, found themselves stuck behind Ricciardo and the slower Raikkonen, even as Hamilton increased the gap at the front.
By the time Vettel managed to get past, Hamilton was too far ahead.
Raikkonen crossed the line a frustrated fifth.
Bottas finished sixth. The Finn, who has replaced retired champion Nico Rosberg at Mercedes, started third but a spin behind the safety car dropped them down the field.
Fifteen cars finished Sunday's 56-lap race, with neither McLaren making it to the flag.
Fernando Alonso's hopes of a points finish were dashed by a driveshaft failure, while teammate Stoffel Vandoorne was sidelined with fuel pressure problems. (Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON Britain's accounting watchdog has commissioned an independent review to see if it needs more teeth to deter wrongdoing.
The Financial Reporting Council polices auditing of companies, actuaries, and corporate governance codes applied by directors.
"The review will consider matters such as whether the reasons for imposing sanctions set out in its guidance and policies remain appropriate ... and whether the financial penalty sanctions, in particular, are adequate to safeguard the public interest and deter wrongdoing," the FRC said in a statement.
"The independent panel will in due course issue a call for evidence and seek evidence from a range of relevant organisations and individuals. Further announcements will follow as the review progresses."
The review follows calls from the FRC last month for more powers to punish company directors caught up in financial reporting breaches.
The FRC's existing powers mean it can only ban or fine company executives who are trained accountants or actuaries belonging to professional bodies. It would be up to the government to bolster the watchdog's powers.
The review will be conducted by an independent panel chaired by former Court of Appeal Judge, Christopher Clarke.
(Reporting by Huw Jones, editing by David Evans)
SAN FRANCISCO — A U.S. judge in San Francisco pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Ancaster man, Karim Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Russian intelligence agent Dmitry Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from a massive Yahoo hack in 2014.
Prosecutors said Tuesday that two Russian intelligence agents, Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials, and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
(Adds detail from lawsuit and background on Puerto Rico pension and economic crises)
By Nick Brown
NEW YORK, April 12 A Puerto Rico labor union sued Governor Ricardo Rossello and the U.S. territory's financial oversight board on Wednesday, saying pension cuts being proposed as part of the island's fiscal turnaround were unconstitutional.
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Juan by the Servidores Publicos Unidos (SPU), seeks a declaration the plan violates the federal Puerto Rico rescue law dubbed PROMESA, as well as an injunction blocking its implementation.
Puerto Rico's current and future retirees would suffer "grievous harm" from the turnaround plan, the complaint said.
The legal action could further strain relations between bitterly divided constituencies involved in efforts to end Puerto Rico's economic crisis, making a consensual restructuring deal harder to achieve.
The U.S. territory is trying to exit a crisis marked by $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate, unemployment more than twice the U.S. average, and rampant emigration.
Its federally-appointed oversight board last month approved the turnaround plan that pushes draconian cuts to debt repayment and major austerity measures. The plan orders Rossello to cut pension spending by 10 percent a year - some $200 million - by 2020.
It was unclear Wednesday whether the government or the board planned to ask the court to freeze the lawsuit under PROMESA, which stays certain types of litigation over Puerto Rican debt until May 1.
Retirement spending is a contentious issue on an island where pension systems are already borderline insolvent thanks to decades of mismanagement by governments that routinely made overly generous promises to workers.
Rossello had said the cuts would be structured to protect the island's poorest pensioners.
Further muddying waters, insolvency for the retirement systems would pit beneficiaries of Puerto Rico's largest pension fund against the pension's lenders, who hold liens on some of its assets.
Yennifer Alvarez, a spokesperson for Rossello, said their legal counsel would evaluate the lawsuit. A spokesperson for the oversight board had no immediate comment.
SPU represents more than 10,000 workers and another 2,300 retirees, according to the lawsuit.
Named plaintiffs include retired police officer Angel Ortiz Ramos, who receives about $2,500 a month to support themselves and their wife.
Ortiz's "fear of the pension cuts … has led them to look for work," the lawsuit said. "He has not been able to find employment."
Police in Puerto Rico are not eligible for social security. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
FARC members eat their last dinner before moving troops to Pueblo Nuevo, in a camp in Los Robles, Colombia, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
Enover, the second commander of the front, works on their computer inside their makeshift tent in Los Robles, Colombia, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
A FARC member walks by a truck carrying their belongings to the transitional zone of La Elvira, Colombia, January 23, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
FARC members build an auditorium in a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, Colombia, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
Evelio, a member of FARC, stands guard in a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, Colombia, February 5, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
FARC members carry mattresses to their tents in a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, Colombia, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
FARC members stand during a formation in a camp before moving to the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, at the Los Robles FARC camp, Colombia, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
A member of FARC makes coffee in the morning in a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, Colombia, February 5, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
A FARC member participates in works to build facilities for a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo in the Cauca mountains, Colombia, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
FARC members walk to get breakfast in a camp near the transitional zone of Pueblo Nuevo, Colombia, February 5, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
Karina gets their hair done by a friend in a camp while waiting for a truck to move to the transition zone of Pueblo Nuevo, at the Los Robles FARC camp, Colombia, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Federico Rios
MOUNTAINS OF CAUCA, Colombia Former fighters from Colombia's FARC rebel group are handing over thousands of weapons and other materials to international officials in special camps, as the group's six-month disarmament process continues.
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) signed a peace agreement with the government late last year to put an end to their part in Latin America's longest-running armed conflict, which has killed more than 220,000 people and displaced millions.
Weapons handed over to the United Nations will be stored in secure containers until they can be turned into three memorial statues. The rebels are expected to turn in all arms by June, and some 8,000 are set to be registered by this weekend.
Members of the Jacobo Arenas rebel unit, which operated in mountains of Cauca province, were among 6,900 FARC fighters who left behind clandestine camps where they had lived for decades, crisscrossing the country on foot, by boat and by truck to get to 26 zones monitored by the United Nations.
The zones will be their homes for the foreseeable future as they complete judicial processes to determine whether they will serve special sentences for war crimes or receive amnesty. Ex-fighters will also reunite with long-lost families and make amends to victims.
Under the terms of the peace accord, the FARC, which began as a peasant uprising 52 years ago, is to form a political movement in the South American nation.
The FARC's leadership has raised concerns about conditions in some of the camps, including the lack of permanent toilets and facilities such as gyms they say were agreed in the accord.
Some FARC members have told local media they will not hand over their weapons until the camps are more habitable for fighters, who are well used to rough-and-tumble living conditions in poverty-stricken rural areas.
The government says it is working as quickly as possible to finish each camp, that the FARC is partly responsible for construction and that the facilities are far superior to the tarp and bamboo lean-tos traditionally used by the rebels.
Local media reported on Friday that some fighters may stay in camp areas after they demobilize to continue agricultural projects.
The accord has been heavily criticized for sparing rebels jail time. A first version was narrowly rejected in a referendum last year, before being modified and passed by Congress.
Authorities have said about 300 rebels are refusing to demobilize.
(Reporting by Julia Symmes Cobb; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
OTTAWA — The Trudeau government will get a chance to test its popularity today with four federal byelections.
The most heated race is the British Columbia riding of South Surrey-White Rock where the Liberals are making a concerted effort to steal the seat from the Conservatives.
Both Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Conservative leader Andrew Scheer have campaigned in the riding, which was held by Tory MP Dianne Watts who jumped to provincial politics.
The Conservatives have tried to stir up voter anger in the riding over the Liberal government's tax reforms that include closing loopholes for small business owners.
LONDON (Reuters) - Cabot Credit Management IPO-CAB.L is likely to attempt to list on the London Stock Exchange early in 2018 after Britain's biggest debt collector pulled a planned IPO last year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The new listing is expected to be announced after Cabot, which is backed by private equity firm JC Flowers, announces its full year results, which are due by mid-March, one source said.
Britain's IPO market has been muted since the country voted to leave the European Union in June 2016, but bankers say there is a string of deals waiting in the wings for 2018.
Software company Avast, financial services firm Old Mutual Wealth and education company GEMs are among those awaited on the London market.
A spokesperson for Cabot, which was one of several companies whose initial public offering (IPO) plans were abandoned in the autumn, declined to comment.
The company blamed the market when it cancelled its IPO in November. But it said it would reconsider an IPO if market conditions become more supportive.
Last year Cabot was aiming to raise 195 million pounds through the listing, which was led by Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N).
Cabot's adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) rose by 19 percent to 214.3 million pounds in the first nine months of 2017.
Arrow Global (ARWA.L), Cabot's closest comparable listed rival, traded down sharply around the time of Cabot's proposed IPO. Since then it has recovered more than 10 percent.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
NAPLES, Italy — Napoli full back Faouzi Ghoulam has had a third operation on their right knee but the Algeria international should be fit to take part in pre-season training.
Ghoulam missed most of last season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in their knee in November and fracturing their kneecap in training in February.
There were fears they had another problem after their knee swelled up on holiday recently and Ghoulam underwent further tests earlier this week.
On Wednesday Napoli says Ghoulam had "a small operation to remove the metal pin in their right patella."
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, is in custody after being arrested in a dramatic confrontation with a police officer following a van attack in Toronto. Picture: LinkedIn
TORONTO van massacre accused Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, was wearing a white forensic jumpsuit when they appeared in court.
They spoke their name and agreed that they understood the charges.
They showed no expression, nodding along and speaking abruptly and clearly when they addressed the court.
Minassian, who does not yet have a lawyer, was ordered to not contact any of their victims.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down their face as Minassian appeared.
They were mobbed by a large media pack as they left court.
Asked if they had any message to Toronto, they quietly said: "sorry".
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Minassian will reappear in court on May 10.
SUSPECT WAS 'INVOLUNTARILY CELIBATE'
Their court appearence came as reports suggested their Facebook posts described themselves as "involuntarily celibate" and seeking revenge on society.
In one message, they reportedly praised mass murderer Elliot Rodger, who was 22 when they killed six people in a knife, gun and car rampage in California in 2014.
"The Incel Rebellion has already begun!" said the Facebook post seen by the CBC. "We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!"
Elliot Rodger was know as the “virgin killer”. Picture: Supplied
An incel is a term used to refer to men who have been made "involuntarily celibate" because women will not have sex with them.
A "Chad" is a term used to refer to sexually active men. A "Stacy" is the female version.
Although the attack had the hallmarks of recent deadly vehicle assaults by ISIS supporters in the United States and Europe, federal officials said it did not represent a larger threat to national security.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said Minassian had not previously been known to authorities.
"The actions definitely looked deliberate," Saunders said.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres shakes hands with Iraq's Kurdistan region's President Masoud Barzani during their visit at Erbil International Airport, Iraq March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Azad Lashkari
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres walks with Iraq's Kurdistan region's President Masoud Barzani during their visit at Erbil International Airport, Iraq March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Azad Lashkari
BAGHDAD United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Thursday urged Iraq's leaders to reconcile the country's religious communities once Islamic State is defeated in Mosul, the last major Iraqi city under the militants' control.
Guterres, who met Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, made their trip as aid agencies struggle to cope with an exodus of residents from Mosul, Iraq's second largest city. They said protecting civilians was an "absolute priority".
They called on Iraq's leaders to build "a State in which all communities respect each other and reconciliation becomes something natural", according to a U.N. statement.
Iraq's Sunni Arabs resent the control of the Shi'ite majority over state bodies including the military, established after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003.
Meanwhile, the Kurds, who backed that invasion, are in conflict with the Shi'ite-led government over land and oil resources.
Islamic State overran about a third of Iraq in 2014, benefiting from the Sunni-Shi'ite rift that weakened the army.
Iraqi forces have won back control of most cities that fell to the ultra-hardline Sunni group, and have been battling to recapture Mosul since October, with the backing of a U.S.-led coalition.The militants have been dislodged from nearly three quarters of the city but they remain in control of the densely populated old centre.
(Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli; editing by Richard Lough)
BUENOS AIRES, April 5 Argentina's San Juan provincial government rejected a work plan from Barrick Gold Corp after a pipe carrying gold-bearing solution ruptured a leach pad at its Veladero mine last week, a statement on the province's web site said on Wednesday.
San Juan governor and provincial mining minister met with Barrick president Kelvin Dushnisky and other executives and expected to schedule another meeting soon, the statement said. (Reporting by Caroline Stauffer in Buenos Aires and Nicole Mordant in Toronto; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 4 Skyfii Ltd
* Skyfii secures contracts with One Five One Property
* Agreements to roll out its IO software as service platform in 9 of One Five One Property's managed retail centres across Australia
* Rollout is expected to be completed by June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 FG Future:
* Says FY 2016 net profit of 4.83 billion roubles ($84.82 million) versus loss of 6.21 billion roubles year ago
* FY 2016 loss from pension activity 9.56 billion roubles versus loss of 8.65 billion roubles year ago Source text: bit.ly/2p3paiJ Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.9473 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
OTTAWA — Only weeks after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Canada was prepared to offer helicopters, aircraft and hundreds of troops to peacekeeping, the number of Canadians on UN missions reached a new low, new figures indicate.
Canada had a total of 43 peacekeepers deployed around the world at the end of December, according to the most recent UN numbers, down from 62 in November.
The decline, largely the result of a reduction in the number of Canadian police officers deployed to Haiti, means Canada has fewer peacekeepers in the field than at any point since the 1950s.
That's despite the Liberals having repeatedly promised to ramp up Canada's contributions to UN missions — most recently by pledging equipment, troops and trainers at a peacekeeping summit that Canada hosted in November.
Canadian and UN officials say the two sides are working to identify when and where those pledges will be utilized, but they have declined to provide any timeline for when a decision will come.
Walter Dorn, an expert on peacekeeping at the Canadian Forces College in Toronto who has been tracking the numbers, said the current situation is shameful given the Trudeau government's repeated promises.
"Canada is at its lowest level since Lester B. Pearson proposed the first peacekeeping force in 1956," Dorn said. "This is hypocrisy, coming after the promises and lofty rhetoric of the Vancouver ministerial."
The Liberals promised during the last federal election to renew Canada's commitment to peacekeeping, and pledged in August 2016 to make up to 600 troops and 150 police officers available for future missions.
Canada had 112 peacekeepers in the field at the time of that promise.
Trudeau announced in Vancouver in November that Canada was offering helicopters, a transport aircraft and a 200-member rapid reaction force for use on UN missions, as well as trainers to help other countries with peacekeeping.
After 26 years, the world's longest-running experiment to discover how warming temperatures affect forest soils has revealed a surprising, cyclical response: Soil warming stimulates periods of abundant carbon release from the soil to the atmosphere, alternating with periods of no detectable loss in soil carbon stores.
Overall, the results indicate that in a warming world, a self-reinforcing and perhaps uncontrollable carbon feedback will occur between forest soils and the climate system, adding to the buildup of atmospheric carbon dioxide caused by burning fossil fuels and accelerating global warming. The study, led by Jerry Melillo, distinguished scientist at the Marine Biological Laboratory, appears in the Oct. 6 issue of Science.
Melillo and colleagues began this pioneering experiment in 1991 in a deciduous forest stand at the Harvard Forest in Massachusetts. They buried electrical cables in a set of plots and heated the soil five degrees Celsius above the ambient temperature of control plots. Over the course of the 26-year experiment, which is still ongoing, the warmed plots lost 17 percent of the carbon that had been stored in organic matter in the top 60 centimeters of soil.
“To put this in context,” Melillo said, “each year, mostly from fossil fuel burning, we are releasing about 10 billion metric tons of carbon into the atmosphere. That's what's causing the increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration and global warming. The world's soils contain about 3,500 billion metric tons of carbon. If a significant amount of that soil carbon is added to the atmosphere, due to microbial activity in warmer soils, that will accelerate the global warming process. And once this self-reinforcing feedback begins, there is no easy way to turn it off. There is no switch to flip.”
A cyclical response
Over the course of the experiment, Melillo's team observed fluctuations in the rate of soil carbon emission from the heated plots, indicating cycles in the capacity of soil microbes to degrade organic matter and release carbon. Phase I, from 1991 to 2000, was a period of substantial soil carbon loss that was rapid at first, then slowed to near zero. In Phase II, from 2001 to 2007, there was no difference in carbon emissions between the warmed and the control plots. During that time, the soil microbial community in the warmed plots was undergoing reorganization that led to changes in the community's structure and function.
In Phase III, from 2008 to 2013, carbon release from heated plots again exceeded that from control plots. This coincided with a continued shift in the soil microbial community. Microbes that can degrade more recalcitrant soil organic matter, such as lignin, became more dominant, as shown by genomic and extracellular enzyme analyses. In Phase IV, from 2014 to current, carbon emissions from the heated plots have again dropped, suggesting that another reorganization of the soil microbial community could be underway. If the cyclical pattern continues, Phase IV will eventually transition to another phase of higher carbon loss from the heated plots.
“This work emphasizes the value of long-term ecological studies that are the hallmark of research at the MBL's Ecosystems Center,” said David Mark Welch, MBL's director of research. “These large field studies, combined with modeling and an increasingly sophisticated understanding of the role of microbial communities in ecosystem dynamics, provide new insight to the challenges posed by climate change.”
“The future is a warmer future. How much warmer is the issue,” Melillo said. “In terms of carbon emissions from fossil fuels, we could control that. We could shut down coal-fired power plants, for example. But if the microbes in all landscapes respond to warming in the same way as we've observed in mid-latitude forest soils, this self-reinforcing feedback phenomenon will go on for a while and we are not going to be able to turn those microbes off. Of special concern is the big pool of easily decomposed carbon that is frozen in Arctic soils. As those soils thaw out, this feedback phenomenon would be an important component of the climate system, with climate change feeding itself in a warming world.”
Citation: Melillo, J.M. et al (2017) Long-Term Pattern and Magnitude of Soil Carbon Feedback to the Climate System in a Warming World. Science Oct. 6, 2017. DOI: 10.1126/science.aan2874
WARSAW, April 12 Poland's media group Cyfrowy Polsat plans to pay out a dividend of almost 205 million zlotys ($51.18 million) or 0.32 zlotys per share from its 2016 net profit, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
In November Cyfrowy said its proposed dividend will amount to 200-400 million zlotys if net debt to EBITDA ratio stays in a range of less than 3.2 but more than 2.5. ($1 = 4.0055 zlotys) (Reporting by Agnieszka Barteczko; Editing by Marcin Goettig)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bon-Ton Stores Inc, one of the largest U.S. department store operators, has secured a loan that will allow it to file for bankruptcy as early as Sunday, according to people familiar with the matter.
The move will make Bon-Ton, which has about 260 stores and nearly $1 billion in debt, the first major U.S. brick-and-mortar retailer to file for bankruptcy this year.
Last year, more than 15 U.S. retailers filed for bankruptcy, the most in six years, as consumers moved more of their shopping online.
The loan will help Bon-Ton continue to operate in bankruptcy and carry it through a potential sale, the sources said. The size of the bankruptcy loan could not be learned.
The York, Pennsylvania-based retailer has also retained law firm Young Conaway Stargatt & Taylor LLP for its filing, in addition to attorneys from Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, the sources added.
Bon-Ton declined to comment. Young Conaway and Paul Weiss did not respond to requests for comment.
Bon-Ton serves smaller communities in 26 states across the U.S. Northeast, Midwest and Great Plains under banners including Bon-Ton, Younkers and Bergner‘s.
Macy's Inc and competitors shuttering their stores has helped Bon-Ton in some communities it operates in, the retailer said in a business plan released this week.
The company had been looking for an investor to infuse new money into the firm ahead of a bankruptcy filing as part of a plan of reorganization, according to disclosures the company had made this week. Those plans called for the retailer's $350 million in bonds to take the equity in a reorganized company.
The company's bonds on Thursday were trading at about 15 cents on the dollar, according to Thomson Reuters data.
On Wednesday, Bon-Ton disclosed the 42 stores it will shutter across the country, with the bulk concentrated in Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
In its business plan, Bon-Ton said its offerings in private label brands and e-commerce presence both need improvement to competes with the lines of Macy‘s, Kohls Corp and J C Penney Company Inc. (Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May greets Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan during a visit to Chequers, near Wendover, Britain April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool
LONDON North Korea's missile tests are a threat to global peace and security and Britain will work with international partners to maintain pressure on Pyongyang, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday.
Speaking to television cameras alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after a bilateral meeting at their country residence, May said the pair had agreed that North Korea was continuing to take provocative action.
"In the face of this belligerence, we stand steadfast in our condemnation of such destabilising activity," they said.
"Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed that we will continue to work with our international partners to maintain pressure on North Korea and counter the security threat posed by its illegal pursuit of nuclear weapons, and work towards a peaceful resolution."
(Reporting by William Schomberg, writing by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Kate Holton)
Proposals to expand the city's information technology division and to designate a new firm to develop plans for a mass transit transfer center will top the agenda when the City Council meets Tuesday.
The meeting, which will include a session of the City Transit Trust, will begin at 6 p.m. in the auditorium of Lawton City Hall, Southwest 9th and C.
City Manager Jerry Ihler is recommending that the council agree to amend the 2017-18 city budget to include a new position: a director for what would become the information technology (IT) department (IT now is a division). The recommendation comes on the heels of a citywide computer network problem that hampered the city's digital capabilities for months, but it is the result of a directive the council issued in June to provide a comprehensive IT analysis.
That division is responsible for all computer-related issues in all city departments.
According to the agenda commentary, city officials want a "forward-thinking and efficient approach to enhance the IT function" and the city manager believes the city would benefit from an IT director who would be tasked with creating and implementing a business strategy for moving the city forward.
One of the most dynamic players in NFL history is now a first-ballot Hall of Famer.
Randy Moss is the first first-ballot Hall of Famer wide receiver since Jerry Rice.
There was some doubt, especially how receivers have been forced to wait over the years, most recently Terrell Owens. (Owens also got in.)
But that wasn't the case for Moss, a player who is considered by many to be the most-talented wide receiver to ever play the game.
Moss made six Pro Bowls over their career for the Vikings and Patriots to go along with All-Pro honors in four seasons. They also played for the Raiders, Titans and 49ers.
They finished their career with 982 catches (15th all time), 15,292 yards (fourth all time) and 156 touchdowns.
Moss took the NFL by storm after being selected 21st overall in the 1998 NFL Draft. In their rookie season, they finished with 69 catches, 1,313 yards and a league-leading 17 touchdowns. They led the league in touchdowns five times in their career.
In their Vikings career, they finished with 587 catches for 9,316 yards and 92 touchdowns.  They are the second wide receiver in Vikings history to make the Hall. The other is Cris Carter.
The rest of the 2018 Hall of Fame Class is Ray Lewis, Brian Urlacher, Owens, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Kansas City Chiefs will be without centre Mitch Morse and right guard Laurent Duvernay-Tardif when they face J.J. Watt and the Houston Texans' defensive front Sunday night.
Morse remains sidelined after spraining their foot last month against Philadelphia, while Duvernay-Tardif was ruled out Friday after spraining their left knee last Monday night against Washington.
Zach Fulton is expected to start again at centre, but coach Andy Reid did not indicate who would start at guard. Jordan Devey got the spot duty when Duvernay-Tardif went down last week, but Cam Erving and Parker Ehinger could factor into the mix against the Texans.
Erving, former first-round pick, hasn't played since arriving in a preseason trade with Cleveland, while Ehinger hasn't played since tearing a knee ligament with the Chiefs last season.
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
April 28 Synutra International Inc
* Synutra International - about 59.7 pct of shares of stock outstanding held by unaffiliated stockholders voted in favor of proposal to adopt merger agreement
* Synutra International Inc - parties currently expect to complete merger in May 2017
* Synutra International - stockholders voted in favor of proposal to adopt previously announced agreement, plan of merger of Beams Power Investment Limited Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
In the weeks leading up to Christmas, one plant seems to come out of the woodwork to redefine the whole festive landscape.
The red and green poinsettia is as timeless as Bing Crosby crooning "White Christmas," though the appearance of more than 30 million plants is anything but automatic. Since the spring, skilled but nervous growers across the land have been raising one of their most economically important, and finicky, crops.
This is only one aspect of poinsettia dynamics. Since a canny California cut-flower grower named Paul Ecke Sr. came up with the idea of the poinsettia as a potted plant for the holidays, breeders have been trying to perfect it.
Some of the shifts have been esthetic: decorator poinsettias in lime green, ivory or burgundy, poinsettias whose petal-like bracts are flecked, marbled, splashed and otherwise turned into something that will spur your Aunt Mabel to wonder what they will think of next.
Other breeding improvements are not obvious to consumers but critical to growers and retailers in the way the plant can be grown and shipped and hold up outside the greenhouse.
As recently as 20 years ago or so, poinsettias were seen as the plant you hoped would not break apart or drop most of its leaves before Santa arrived.
But over the past two to three years, consumers have seen a conspicuous shift in the look of the poinsettia. The classic ebullient poinsettias still predominate, especially the reds, but you may notice some curiously different plants. They are smaller and more compact but effervescent with spear-shaped petals that appear in whorls layered one on top of the other. (Poinsettia "flowers" are botanically bracts that surround the true flowers.)
The range of varieties is still limited — more are in the works — but already they are available in both soft and vivid pinks, the latter with a neon glow. They're so hot, they're cool.
Another significant colour shift is in a white variety named Princettia Pure White. It is a clear bone white, unlike the creamy whites of other poinsettias. It is a tint that poinsettia breeders have been chasing for decades.
To date, all poinsettias were derived from a single species found in western Mexico named Euphorbia pulcherrima. This grows into a tall, rangy shrub whose scarlet bracts appear in the winter. The smaller and floriferous new varieties are hybrids between this species and another, a summer bloomer named the dogwood poinsettia (Euphorbia cornastra). Rarely seen, either in the wild or in cultivation, specimens were collected from Mexico in the early 1990s by graduate students at the University of Texas.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 6 DXC Technology Co
* DXC Technology - On April 3, 2017, DXC, incremental lenders providing such incremental commitments exercised an option under revolving credit agreement
* DXC Technology - Incurrence of incremental revolving commitments resulted in increase in outstanding size of unsecured revolving credit facility to $3.69 billion
* DXC Technology - Exercised an option under revolving credit agreement to incur incremental commitments thereunder in an aggregate amount of $740 million
* DXC Technology - Of $3.69 billion of commitments under credit agreement, $3.62 billion to mature on January 15, 2022, $70 million will mature on January 15, 2021 Source text: [bit.ly/2ni6SNS] Further company coverage:
BEIJING, April 12 The capital of China's Sichuan province on Wednesday joined more than 10 other cities in seeking to cool a sizzling property market by imposing a years-long minimum time before a buyer can resell a home.
Chengdu's housing authority said in a notice on its website that effective on Thursday, newly-bought homes cannot be sold again for at least three years.
This year, a growing number of Chinese cities have been imposing a minimum ownership period of at least two years. These and other measures suggest intensified government efforts to cool the red-hot property market.
Chengdu authorities have also urged banks in the southwestern Chinese city to strengthen checks on home-buyers' proof of income to contain credit risks by strictly fulfilling a requirement that the ratio of monthly mortgage repayments to income must not exceed 50 percent.
Wednesday's announcements mark the second time in a month that Chengdu has unveiled property market curbs. In late March, it tightened requirements on income tax and social security records that non-residents making purchases have to produce.
Also on Wednesday, a small satellite city near Beijing, named Chengde, announced restrictions similar to what Chengdu imposed the same day. Chengde also slapped purchase limits for non-residents and hiked the downpayment ratio for first- and second-home buyers.
China has intensified a crackdown on property speculators this year by rolling out much harsher measures in big cities, while extending curbs to nearby satellite towns in an effort to contain resurgent demand from frenzied buyers. (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
MONTREAL — China's Ruoteng Xiao is the new men's all-around champion after winning gold on Thursday night at the gymnastics world championships.
Xiao finished with a score of 86.933 points, ahead of compatriot Chaopan Lin (86.448) and Kenzo Shirai (86.431) of Japan.
Canadian Zachary Clay finished 21st for their best result at a world championship. Their best performance was on pommel horse, where they scored 13.566 for ninth.
The women's all-around final is Friday night.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 4x400 Metres Relay Heats - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Karabo Sibanda of Botswana attempts to retrieve the baton and clashes with Anderson Henriques and Hugo De Sousa of Brazil.
LONDON (Reuters) - Botswana missed out on the men's 4x400 meters relay final at the World Athletics Championships on Saturday after dropping the baton in their semi-final heat while the United States ran the year's fastest time.
Bahamas, Olympic champions on the same track five years ago, also failed to qualify for the final as did Jamaica.
Botswana, among the title favourites, were fifth but quickly making up ground on the leaders at the end of the third leg of the second semi-final when Nijel Amos tried to hand the baton to Karabo Sibanda.
Sibanda took the baton but it slipped out of their hand and, as they went to pick it up, they collided with Brazil's Anderson Henriques who was left sprawled on the track and had to be helped away.
Sibanda went on to complete the race and Botswana still finished sixth, ahead of Japan.
The U.S., aiming for a seventh world title in a row, ignored the trouble behind them as they stormed away to win the heat in 2:59.23 ahead of Trinidad and Tobago and Belgium.
Belgium snatched third spot from Britain when Kevin Borlee pipped Martin Rooney on the final straight.
Britain still went through as one of the fastest losers as did France who were fifth in the heat in 3:00.93 but still faster than Spain, winners of the first semi-final in 3:01.72.
Spain were followed by Poland and Cuba, the other qualifiers for Sunday's final. Jamaica were fourth while the Bahamas, who also won bronze in Rio de Janeiro last year, trailed home in sixth.
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MILAN — Inter Milan's winless streak in Serie A will stretch beyond two months after drawing with visiting Crotone 1-1 on Saturday.
Following Eder's early opener for Inter, Andrea Barberis equalized for Crotone on the hour mark.
Inter hasn't won in the league since Dec. 3, when it moved to the top of the table.
With six draws and two losses since then, Inter has dropped to fourth, one point behind Lazio, which hosts Genoa on Monday.
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defence Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical pre-screen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defence Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government "will not accept or allow" transgender troops to serve "in any capacity" in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
The weather is finally improving and days out are top of the agenda for most families, so we have the perfect competition for you.
For we have joined forces with the Robin Hood's Wheelgate and Twinlakes theme parks to offer FIVE family passes to the lucky winners in this easy-to-enter competition.
Simply answer the question below and follow the instructions to be in with a chance of winning.
The first five correct entries drawn will win a family pass for the park of their choice.
What's more if you aren't a winner, you won't miss out. For we are also offering a voucher that entitles you to 20% off an individual ticket price (terms and conditions apply). All you have to do is pick up a copy of this week's paper.
Wheelgate is right on our doorstep on the edge of Sherwood Forest at Farnsfield and is set across 30 acres featuring rides, a farm park and waterpark with attractions to suit a wide range of ages.
Twinlakes is just a short journey away at Melton Mowbray and is an action-packed site with rollercoasters. It also has a farm park and countless other attractions.
To be in with a chance of winning a family ticket, simply answer this question: where is Robin Hood's Wheelgate?
Email your answer, along with your name, address and daytime contact number, to: martin.hutton@jpress.co.uk. Mark the email Theme Parks Competition. The first five correct entries drawn after the closing date of midday on Monday June 11 will win a family pass. Normal Johnston Press competition rules apply. The editor's decision is final. For full terms and conditions, visit the home-page of this website. The prizes for this competition are being supplied by the organisers and specific terms and conditions apply.
Please confirm in your email that you are accepting that your details will be passed to the competition provider, should you be one of the winning entries. For details of the Johnston Press privacy policy visit www.johnstonpress.co.uk/cookies-policy.
n To take advantage of the ticket-price discount, simply get your copy of this week's newspaper, cut out the voucher on the page and present at Wheelgate or Twinlakes. Again Ts and Cs apply, see voucher for details.
For enquiries visit www.wheelgatepark.com or call 01623 882773, or www.twinlakespark.co.uk or call 01664 567 777.
* Net profit 20.25 bln rupees vs 22.04 bln expectation
* Bad loan ratio rises to 7.89 pct, cement sector impact
* CEO sees bad loan additions FY18 significantly lower (Adds further details, CEO quote, free shares issue)
By Devidutta Tripathy and Promit Mukherjee
MUMBAI, May 3 India's ICICI Bank Ltd expects additions to its bad loans to be "significantly lower" this financial year, its chief executive said on Wednesday, as the lender reported a smaller than expected rise in quarterly profit.
India's third-biggest lender by assets said its standalone net profit nearly tripled to 20.25 billion rupees ($315.7 million) in its fourth quarter to the end of March, though that lagged analysts' expectations of 22.04 billion rupees.
Bad loans at Indian banks have surged in the past year or so after an asset quality review ordered by the central bank as part of a clean-up exercise. It continues to tighten rules around bad assets, which hit a record $150 billion in December.
ICICI, which has the highest amount of bad loans among India's private sector lenders, said additions to its non-performing assets (NPA) in the fourth quarter were "elevated" by one borrower in the cement sector but it expected part of that loan to be upgraded on the conclusion of a pending deal.
"Going forward for the year FY18, we believe that the NPA additions for the year will be significantly lower than FY17," Chief Executive Chanda Kochhar told reporters, referring to the bank's financial years that run from April to March.
"We also expect some of the resolutions to get completed during the year, we also expect some upgrades from NPAs," Kochhar said on a conference call.
The amount of bad loans at the Mumbai-based bank rose 335 billion rupees on a gross basis during its last fiscal year. Gross bad loans at the end of March stood at 425.5 billion rupees, or 7.89 percent of total loans, up from 7.2 percent at the end of December and 5.21 percent a year earlier.
Kochhar predicted the bank's domestic loan book would grow by 15 percent to 16 percent in the current financial year, with retail loans increasing by 18 percent to 20 percent.
That compares with 14 percent growth in domestic loans in the year to the end of March, driven by a 19 percent rise in retail loans.
The bank's net interest margin for the March quarter was 3.57 percent.
ICICI also said it would issue one free share for every 10 held.
Shares in the lender, valued at about $25 billion, fell about 1 percent on Wednesday ahead of the results released after the market close.
The stock is up 6.8 percent so far in 2017, lagging a 22.7 percent gain in the banking sector index and a 13.8 percent rise in the main market index. ($1 = 64.1500 Indian rupees) (Editing by Keith Weir and David Clarke)
Shares of Cloudera Inc (CLDR.N) surged as much as 24 percent in their stock market debut on Friday, the latest in a string of technology initial public offerings this year, giving the big-data analytics company a market value of about $2.3 billion.
Cloudera's offering of 15 million shares was priced at $15 per share, above its expected range of $12-$14, and raised $225 million.
Shares opened at $17.80 on the New York Stock Exchange and hit a high of $18.64 in early trading.
Cloudera helps businesses store, process and analyze data through Hadoop, an open-source software system that can sort and handle massive amounts of information.
The company has more than 1,000 customers, including Dish Network Corp (DISH.O), Citigroup (C.N), MasterCard (MA.N) and Cisco Systems (CSCO.O).
Its closest rival, Hortonworks Inc (HDP.O), whose offerings are also tied to Hadoop, went public in February last year. Hortonworks' shares had climbed about 11 percent since then.
Palo Alto, California-based Cloudera's valuation is a steep fall from the $4.1 billion it was once valued at in the private market.
Investors including chipmaker Intel Corp (INTC.O) piled into Cloudera several years ago when a flood of money into private technology companies pushed valuations skyward.
This year has been a hotbed for technology IPOs after a dull 2016, which marked the slowest year for such IPOs since 2008, when just 20 technology companies went public.
The number of U.S. IPOs has more than tripled so far in 2017, compared to year-ago levels, with the technology sector leading the issuance market, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Snap Inc (SNAP.N), the owner of the popular image-sharing app Snapchat, grabbed eyeballs when it went public last month in the biggest technology IPO in three years.
Cloudera, founded in 2008, is backed by Fidelity Investments as well as high-profile investors including T. Rowe Price and Google Ventures, the venture capital investment arm of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O).
Intel will hold a 19.4 percent stake in the company after its IPO.
Cloudera's revenue for the year ended Jan. 31 was $261 million, increasing 57 percent from a year ago. It reported a net loss of $185.3 million and is yet to post a profit.
Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan and Allen & Co LLC were among the top underwriters to the IPO, which was widely anticipated by investors for over a year.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 20 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Wednesday Wednesday, April 19 Jorge Wilstermann 1 Bolivar 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 11 8 1 2 31 8 25 ------------------------- 2 Guabira 11 6 1 4 23 17 19 3 Blooming 11 6 1 4 23 26 19 4 The Strongest 9 6 0 3 18 13 18 5 San Jose 11 5 2 4 19 16 17 6 Oriente Petrolero 10 5 2 3 17 14 17 7 Nacional Potosi 11 5 1 5 18 17 16 8 Sport Boys 10 4 1 5 18 21 13 9 Jorge Wilstermann 11 3 2 6 12 16 11 10 Universitario de Sucre 10 3 1 6 10 21 10 11 Real Potosi 10 3 0 7 13 22 9 12 Club Petrolero 11 3 0 8 15 26 9 1: Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures (GMT): Friday, April 21 Club Petrolero v Nacional Potosi (1900) Saturday, April 22 Real Potosi v Jorge Wilstermann (1900) Sport Boys v Blooming (1900) Bolivar v San Jose (2000) The Strongest v Guabira (2115) Sunday, April 23 Oriente Petrolero v Universitario de Sucre (2115)
Finland's President Sauli Niinisto delivers remarks on the International Arctic Forum which ended in Arkhangelsk yesterday, during a media conference at the Presidential Palace in Helsinki, Finland March 31, 2017. LEHTIKUVA/Antti Aimo-Koivisto via REUTERS
HELSINKI Finland's President Sauli Niinisto said on Friday the nation is unlikely to host an Arctic summit at short notice, quashing the prospect of an imminent meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Russia's President Vladimir Putin.
"That a summit could be arranged hastily, seems impossible, and I have not proposed that... The G20 meeting in Germany will likely be the first meeting for presidents Trump and Putin", Niinisto said at a news conference at the Presidential Palace.
Trump is expected to be among the leaders attending the G20 summit in Hamburg on July 7 and 8.
Putin said on Thursday they were ready to meet Trump at an Arctic summit in Finland. They made the remark while responding to their Finnish counterpart, who said they would be happy to receive the Russian and U.S. presidents in Finland.
Finland will take over the Arctic Council's chairpersonship in May and has said it is willing to host a high-level council meeting during its two-year presidency.
Member states of the Arctic Council include Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, Russia, United States and Canada.
(Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Julia Glover)
(Adds details, quotes)
PARIS, March 28 French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen sought on Tuesday to reassure business leaders worried about their plans to dump the euro, saying that new French francs "probably" would not drop in value.
Opinion polls see the National Front coming out on top in the first round of France's presidential election on April 23 but going on to lose in a May 7 runoff against independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, a former economy minister.
Le Pen, who wants to hold a referendum on France's use of the euro, says the currency is a problem because of differences in competitiveness with Germany.
"Bringing back national currencies would allow each country to re-establish their real value and that is what would happen. Would that lead to a devaluation of the new franc? Probably not," they said.
They added however that new German marks would surge in value because the euro was too weak for the German economy while being too strong for the French economy.
"My election is an opportunity, there is no reason to be afraid," they told the gathering of business leaders meeting separately with candidates.
"Stop making caricatures, that serves no purpose. Ogres don't exist and neither does the big bad wolf," they added, getting little applause from the audience.
While leaving the euro is at the heart of their programme, Le Pen says that they would refocus economic policy to assist small and mid-sized companies.
Such companies would be able to get loans on preferential terms with help from the Bank of France which would be given a new mandate focused on growth and jobs rather than solely inflation as is the case under European Central Bank.
Asked by a business leader how they would get banks to lend, they answered: "Do you think that the state doesn't have ways to make banks act? It's quite the contrary.
"Believe me there are ways," they added without elaborating apart from eluding to the new mandate for the Bank of France.
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Michel Rose and Robin Pomeroy)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kate Winslet claims the female attention Idris Elba receives is a "nightmare".
The 42-year-old actor completely understands why women are attracted to their 'Mountain Between Us' co-star, but joked it can be frustrating.
Asked about the way they turn heads, they said: "It's a nightmare. It is actually a nightmare, you need to know that, it's the thing. [Women melt].
"It's their soft brown eyes, their beautiful skin, their pillow lips... The list goes on."
And Idris, 45, admitted their praise had made them nervous.
In a joint interview with 'Extra', they quipped: "I'm sweating, my hands are sweating, I don't know what to say about that."
The two stars got to know each other very well thanks to the extreme and isolated conditions of their new movie, and while they'd been keen to work together for some time, Idris revealed they initially had a very different idea in mind for a joint project.
They said: "We hadn't worked together but we knew each other. We gave an award [at the BAFTAs] together a couple of years ago.
"I remember saying to Kate, 'We should work together, do a comedy.' They were like, 'Yeah, great idea.' Cut to us on a mountain, like [freezing]."
Kate recently admitted it was "really scary" shooting the plane crash survival movie in temperatures of -38 deg C in the Canadian Rockies.
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK — Veterans Joe Thomas, Antonio Gates and Vernon Davis are among eight finalists for the NFL's Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
Also announced Monday as finalists are Luke Kuechly, Haloti Ngata, Joe Staley, Josh McCown and Alex Smith.
The award, recognizes those who best demonstrate the qualities of on-field sportsmanship: fair play, respect for the game and opponents, and integrity in competition. The award was created in 2014 in honour of the founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Rooney Sr.
Staley (2015 and 2016), Smith (2014) and Kuechly (2015) have been finalists in the past. Past recipients of the award are Frank Gore, Charles Woodson and Larry Fitzgerald.
A panel of former players selected the eight finalists from the 32 team nominees. The panel is comprised of Hall of Famer Curtis Martin, Warrick Dunn, Karl Mecklenburg and Leonard Wheeler.
The winner is determined by a vote of current NFL players. The eight finalists will be listed on the Pro Bowl ballot under the NFL Sportsmanship Award category when players vote on Friday. From the eight finalists, each team's players will submit a consensus vote of their choice for the winner. As in Pro Bowl voting, a team cannot vote for its own player.
The award will be presented during NFL Honors, when The Associated Press hands out its individual awards, Feb. 3, the night before the Super Bowl. The winner receives a $25,000 donation from the NFL Foundation to a charity of their choice.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for Nottinghamshire has said officers should form closer relationships with the vigilante groups which aim to trap paedophiles online.
Paddy Tipping said it was a controversial issue, but told a Police and Crime Panel meeting on Monday that if vigilantes could help bring people to justice then the force should embrace it.
There have so far been 46 arrests on the back of information passed to police from 15 paedophile-hunting groups. Of these, there have been 27 successful convictions, ranging from non-custodial sentences to four-year jail terms.
Vigilantes often pose as young children and target people they believe to be sexually interested in young people, passing the information on to police.
The national policing policy has been for forces to keep the online vigilantes at arm's length.
But Mr Tipping called for Nottinghamshire Police to build its relationships with paedophile hunters in the area.
They said: “The national policy of the police is not to co-operate with groups like this, but we take a different view.
“It seems to me that if people are giving us evidence, and they do, then we should act upon it, and we should try to form a better relationship with groups like this. That is happening here in Nottinghamshire, but it's not universal.”
The top police officer for the county, Chief Constable Craig Guildford, said: “The National Police Chiefs Council position is very much that these groups, on occasion, have not covered themselves in glory, but I take a slightly different view in terms of working with them.
“If you're going to give me information about how I can keep a kid safe then I will act on that regardless. Prosecution is a bit of a secondary benefit, the prime aim is to keep kids safe.
“We've had around 15 national groups that have rung us up and given us information and our advice to them is that ‘if you're doing this kind of thing, we cannot be seen to be directing or controlling you in any way, but try to do any kind of confrontation in a public space and not in a private dwelling, but also ring us up straight away on 999 which they tend to do.
“We have to take the information, keep taking the information, but we have to be reminded these people of their responsibilities under the law.”
April 6 Theraclion SA:
* Theraclion reports positive long-term Echopulse results in breast fibroadenoma
* Mean volume reduction at 24 months: 77 pct (small volumes fibroadenoma: treatment in single session); 90 pct (larger volumes: treatment in 2 sessions)
* Volume reduction is maintained at 24 months following treatment with no evidence of recurrence
* Treatment is safe and well-tolerated by patients Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom:)
TOKYO — David Goffin and Marin Cilic reached the semifinals of the Japan Open in contrasting styles on Friday.
Goffin recovered from a 5-2 deficit in the first set and won 10 of the next 11 games to beat Richard Gasquet 7-5, 6-2. The top-seeded Cilic defeated Ryan Harrison 6-2, 6-0.
Goffin will face Diego Schwartzman in the semifinals on Saturday before Cilic takes on Adrian Mannarino.
Goffin, who lost in last year's final, has been on a winning run in Asia. Last weekend, they claimed their first title in three years in Shenzhen, China.
Gasquet was leading 3-2 in the first when the roof was closed in anticipation of heavy rain, and Goffin struggled to regain their rhythm after the 15-minute delay.
"It's never easy to start again," Goffin said. "I needed one or two games just to get used to the conditions, then I started to feel the ball really well, feel my rhythm, become more aggressive game after game."
Gasquet had three set points on serve at 40-0 in the ninth game, but the Belgian won that and the next six games.
The win moved Goffin to No. 11 in the ATP Race to London rankings. With Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka out for the season, 10th place will be enough to secure a place at the season-ending tournament.
Cilic had 11 aces and dropped only one point on their first serve.
"My serving was exceptionally good, I played really aggressive after my serves and I managed to return well a lot of good first serves from Ryan," Cilic said. "To play like this is a very big boost to my confidence."
Hard or soft Brexit aside, pound nervous of economic slowdown
LONDON Last week's shocking British election result and the period of political uncertainty that looks set to follow may have come at the worst of times for the country's economy and the value of the pound sterling.
March 28 AmRest Holdings SE:
* Said on Monday that it signed the binding head of terms determining conditions on which Yum Restaurants International Holding, Ltd and Pizza Hut Delivery Germany GmbH (PH Delivery) would be willing to proceed with a potential transaction with AmRest
* Under the agreement the company to become Pizza Hut master franchisee for Germany and acquire two Pizza Hut delivery stores in Dusseldorf
* As the result AmRest would become the master-franchisee for 74 restaurants currently operated by multiple sub-franchisees in the German market and would have the right to grant the license to the third parties to operate Pizza Hut restaurants
* Additionally the company would acquire 2 Pizza Hut delivery restaurants from PH Delivery
* The purchase agreement to be signed no later than May 30
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
TOKYO U.S. auto parts supplier Borg Warner on Friday said it expects to see sales grow for its global hybrid and electric vehicle parts, even as a U.S. review of fuel economy standards threatens to slow emissions improvements in the world's No. 2 auto market.
U.S. demand for hybrid and electric cars could take a hit if President Donald Trump decides to roll back tough fuel efficiency standards set by former President Barack Obama late last year.
Borg Warner CEO James Verrier told Reuters any decline in U.S. demand would be more than offset by the growing market in China and Europe, where they continue to toughen emissions standards.
"Our belief is that there will continue to be a strong increase in fuel economy emissions standards," Verrier told Reuters in an interview during a visit to Japan to meet with clients including Toyota Motor Corp.
"What this means for us is that in our business nothing has really changed, it's business as usual, and that's what we see with the automakers."
Borg Warner, which counts Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE), Ford Motor Co and most major global automakers as clients, expects to boost revenues from hybrids and electric vehicle parts to around 16 percent of total revenues in 2023, from around 1 percent currently.
"As our customers look at what the fuel regulations may be in China versus the United States versus Europe, we can help them figure out the best mix of propulsion technology they can have to satisfy each region," Verrier said.
The company has been expanding into hybrid and electric car parts, including transmissions and drive modules for electric cars and turbochargers and clutches for hybrids.
Most of the demand for its electric vehicle parts came from Chinese automakers, including Geely Automobile Holdings and Great Wall Motor Co, they said.
While progress towards greener cars may stall in the United States, Beijing has proposed requiring 8 percent of automakers' sales to be battery electric or plug-in hybrid vehicles by 2018. The target then rises to 10 percent in 2019 and 12 percent in 2020.
(Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by Randy Fabi)
BATON ROUGE, La. — Tremont Waters had 27 points and a season-high 11 assists as LSU defeated Arkansas 94-86 in a Southeastern Conference game Saturday.
The Tigers (13-9, 4-6) never trailed after Daryl Edwards' 3-pointer put them ahead 13-12 less than eight minutes into the game. The Razorbacks' deficit was less than six points on just two occasions after halftime.
Waters, who had scored fewer than nine points in five of LSU's last seven games, was 7 of 14 from the field with four 3-pointers. The 27 points were the most for Waters against an SEC opponent this season. Waters also made a season-high nine foul shots in ten attempts.
"We came out sharing the ball a lot," Waters said. "I felt like the offence was going to come, so we had to focus on defence a lot more. Hitting the 3s gave us momentum. We are a shooting team. We just have to come out and know that we can make those and not second guess ourselves."
Four other Tigers players scored in double figures led by Aaron Epps with 16 points. Skylar Mays had 15 points, while Edwards had 14 and Brandon Sampson had 13. LSU made a season-high 15 shots from behind the 3-point line.
"We were saving up our makes for that game," LSU coach Will Wade said. "Anytime you shoot it well like that you should win. We shot it well from 3. We shot it well from the free-throw line. Tremont played well. There's not a whole lot else you can say. It was a good win and we needed it."
Daryl Macon was the top scorer for Arkansas (15-8, 4-6) with 22 points. Jaylen Barford added 15 points. Both Anton Beard and Trey Thompson had 11 points, while Daniel Gafford had 10.
"LSU shot the ball extremely well," Arkansas coach Mike Anderson said. "It wasn't a defensive game. It was more of an offensive showcase. Waters did a good job of getting the ball to the right people. Those guys did a good job of spotting up and knocking down shots. They shot it with confidence."
BIG PICTURE
Arkansas: The Razorbacks' NCAA tournament hopes took a hit as they lost for the fifth time in six SEC road games this season. Arkansas' only conference road victory came in double overtime at Georgia.
FILE PHOTO: A Marlboro cigarettes pack, a brand of Philip Morris Tobacco, lies next to an empty coffee cup at a cafe in central Sydney June 27, 2011. REUTERS/Daniel Munoz/File Photo
LONDON Philip Morris International said on Friday it has applied for pre-market approval of its iQOS heated tobacco product with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The world's largest international tobacco maker, owner of the Marlboro brand, said that if the FDA grants its request, its U.S. affiliate, Altria Group, would be responsible for selling the device in the United States through a licensing agreement.
The device heats tobacco enough to create a vapor without burning it, which the company believes makes it less harmful than cigarettes.
It has so far sold more than 3 million iQOS devices in Japan. It began nationwide sales there in April last year after test marketing in major cities.
Philip Morris had stated that it planned to submit the U.S. approval application during the first quarter of 2017.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
March 31 Verizon Communications Inc said on Friday it would change its operating structure to focus on three areas, and named former Ericsson Chief Executive Officer Hans Vestberg to lead its newly created network and technology team.
Vestberg's team will work on building out the company's fiber network infrastructures, Verizon said. They will initially be based in Sweden, and is expected to join the U.S.-based team later this spring.
Verizon's media and telematics unit will focus on growing the company's new businesses in digital media, including integrating its pending acquisition of Yahoo Inc. It will be led by Marni Walden as executive vice president for media and telematics.
The company's customer and product operations team, led by John Stratton, will work on operating and growing Verizon's established businesses, such as Verizon Wireless and Verizon Enterprise Solutions. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
Injuries along the offensive line hurt chemistry. Defences began to stack the box to take away the sensational first-year player.
Balance went out of the offence and a group flying high after wins over New England and Philadelphia had ground to a halt.
Hunt was held to 21 yards in a loss to Pittsburgh. They gained 87 yards against Oakland and 46 against Denver. They managed 37 against Dallas and 73 in a loss to the Giants, when the Chiefs failed to score a touchdown.
There was the lousy performance in Buffalo and a struggle two weeks ago against the Jets, when they gained 40 yards on nine carries in a 38-31 defeat.
All the while, the Chiefs kept going to him.
It was only a matter of time, quarterback Alex Smith said, until Hunt broke loose again.
They finally did on Sunday. And even though they didn't have any of those long touchdown runs that were a hallmark of their first few games, Hunt consistently fell forward, giving the Chiefs positive yardage just about every time they touched the ball.
"We mixed it up. Certainly when we got into the meat of the game, I think you saw a little more with that," Smith said. "Be able to take our shots there with Kareem and I thought they ran hard."
They also resumed their charge at the Chiefs record book.
— Hunt has 1,046 yards, joining the late Joe Delaney as the only Chiefs running backs to crack the 1,000-yard barrier as a rookie. Delaney ran for 1,121 yards in 1981, and like Hunt, they had five 100-yard rushing performances that season.
— Hunt's total already ranks 15th in franchise history, and they need just 242 yards over the final three games to pass Jamaal Charles for the eighth-best season.
— Hunt has five touchdowns rushing and two receiving, and needs just two touchdowns to pass Mike Garrett and Johnny Robinson for fourth-most among Chiefs rookies.
— Hunt has carried 218 times this season, second-most by a rookie in franchise history.
"It's a huge accomplishment," they said of hitting the 1,000-yard mark, which they realized when the astute video board operators showed a graphic at Arrowhead Stadium.
"Nobody can ever take that away from you, and I just want to thank those guys up front. They did a great job."
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Skretta, The Associated Press
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
“I don't know the effect it will have on the average taxpayer. Dollar value is important,” they said.
They said travelling up and down the city's accesses is the most challenging aspect of moving about the city, yet the LRT “doesn't address that,” they said.
“We need to have a closer look at (the project),” they said.
Bell agrees with Ancaster Coun. Lloyd Ferguson's fight to keep marijuana greenhouse facilities at 2,000 square metres in an effort to preserve prime agricultural land. There are at least two marijuana operations in Ancaster on Butter Road and Jerseyville Road, with potentially additional facilities that could be built in the rural parts of the town.
They said the existing marijuana greenhouse facilities need “all kinds of infrastructure” to support growing cannabis that hasn't been properly studied.
Bell is also skeptical about the new $13-million water tower project that was approved by council last year, saying “we need to look at it more critically.”
Bell, who has a mechanical engineering degree from Queen's University, is currently employed as a project manager for Tube-Mac Piping Technologies in Stoney Creek. They said if elected councillor, they would resign from their job to focus on their political duties.
“It's better for me to serve the public,” said Bell. “You need to have a full-time councillor to help people.”
Bell has joined John Scime and Miranda Reis as candidates for Ancaster council. Ferguson, who has served as the community's representative since 2006, has yet to declare if they will seek re-election.
Bell said they don't care if Ferguson enters the race, nor will it change their political strategy.
“That's OK,” said Bell. “He loves Ancaster. I hope they do (seek reelection). I know they work hard.”
The deadline for registering for the Oct. 22 municipal election is July 27.
JOHANNESBURG Johan Ackermann will be leaving their post as coach of Super Rugby's Lions at the end of the season to join Gloucester in England's Premiership, both clubs confirmed on Monday.
Ackermann took the Lions to last year's Super Rugby final and has been tipped as a future Springbok coach but joins the exodus of South African expertise to Europe when they replace Laurie Fisher, who stood down last month, at Gloucester.
The 46-year-old, who won 13 Springboks caps and is coach of South Africa's A team, has been at the Lions since 2013 and led the Johannesburg-based side to 34 wins in 57 Super Rugby games.
They have also been named South African Rugby's Coach of the Year for the last three campaigns.
"I have come to a crossroads in my career and believe that my coaching journey needs to change in order for me to grow," Ackermann wrote in a letter to the Lions, released to the media on Monday.
"We're all delighted that Johan has agreed to become the next head coach," Gloucester's director of rugby David Humphreys told the club website (www.gloucesterrugby.co.uk).
"He is one of the top coaching talents in world rugby, and it's a significant coup for the club to recruit someone of their calibre."
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by John O'Brien)
Democratic Party hosting gubernatorial forum
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — The state Democratic Party's Veterans Caucus is set to hold a forum featuring five of the party's gubernatorial candidates later this month.
The party announced Tuesday that the caucus would host a two-hour forum at the Madison Labor Temple on July 14. Five of the eight Democratic gubernatorial candidates have confirmed they will attend — Josh Pade, Kelda Roys, Mahlon Mitchell, Matt Flynn and Mike McCabe.
Each candidate will be asked three questions and given two minutes to respond. Each candidate also will be allowed a three-minute closing statement.
Tony Evers, Kathleen Vinehout and Paul Soglin also are vying for the Democratic nomination. Party spokesperson Courtney Beyers said in an email that they hadn't confirmed an appearance in time for the announcement Tuesday.
The primary is Aug. 14.
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Chilean championship Transicion matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Universidad Catolica 1 Everton 1 Curico Unido 1 Santiago Wanderers 1 Temuco 0 Huachipato 0 Friday, August 11 O'Higgins 0 Union Espanola 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Everton 3 2 1 0 6 1 7 ------------------------- 2 Union Espanola 3 2 1 0 3 0 7 ------------------------- 3 Universidad de Chile 2 2 0 0 3 1 6 4 Colo Colo 2 1 1 0 3 1 4 ------------------------- 5 Temuco 3 1 1 1 3 2 4 6 Huachipato 3 1 1 1 2 3 4 7 Audax Italiano 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 7 Palestino 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 9 Santiago Wanderers 3 0 3 0 3 3 3 10 San Luis 2 1 0 1 2 4 3 11 Universidad de Concepcion 2 0 2 0 2 2 2 12 Deportes Antofagasta 2 0 2 0 0 0 2 13 Universidad Catolica 3 0 2 1 1 2 2 14 Deportes Iquique 2 0 1 1 0 1 1 15 Curico Unido 3 0 1 2 2 4 1 16 O'Higgins 3 0 0 3 1 7 0 1: Copa Libertadores 2: Play-off 3-4: Copa Sudamericana Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 San Luis v Universidad de Chile (1500) Universidad de Concepcion v Deportes Antofagasta (1830) Audax Italiano v Deportes Iquique (2100)
Continent: North America
Nickname: Los Ticos
World Cup History:
Qualifying Campaigns: 16
First stage appearances: 4
Semi final appearances: 0
Finals: 0
Titles: 0
First World Cup: 1990
Last World Cup: 2014
Best outing: Quarter-finals (2014)
Key Player: BRYAN RUIZ
An attacking midfielder who can also play as a second striker, Ruiz was a key player in Costa Rica's run to the quarter-finals at Brazil 2014.
The Ticos captain scored three goals in qualifying for Russia 2018.
MATCHES:
June 17: COSTA RICA vs SERBIA
June 22: BRAZIL vs COSTA RICA
June 27: SWITZERLAND vs COSTA RICA
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Dongxu Optoelectronic Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS UNIT WINS BIDS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE PPP PROJECTS FOR ABOUT 2.4 BILLION YUAN ($362.54 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2Brz33C Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant (C), looks on at a meeting with Cuba's Minister of Foreign Trade and Investment Rodrigo Malmierca (not pictured) in Havana, Cuba, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
HAVANA The Trump administration and the Cuban government need to start a dialogue, the Republican governor of Mississippi said on Wednesday during a trip to the Communist-led island to scout trade opportunities for their state.
"That's the first step: trying to get that dialogue going in a very positive manner," Phil Bryant said in an interview, adding that they had found their trip "encouraging."
Cuba watchers are looking closely for signs of how President Donald Trump will deal with the country, given they threatened during their campaign to roll back the fragile detente between the Untied States and Cuba, former Cold War foes.
The White House is undertaking a "full review" of America's foreign policy towards Cuba, press secretary Sean Spicer said in February.
The governor, who had just met with Cuba's trade minister, said it was key "not let too much of the political conditions in the United States become overwhelming."
"Sometimes people have a narrative of Mississippi as if it's 1960s, and it's not, and it's not the 1960s in Cuba," they said, citing changes like growth of private businesses.
Former U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro stunned the world in December 2014 when they announced the United States and Cuba would restore diplomatic ties after more than half a century of hostility.
Even with a U.S. embargo preventing most trade with Cuba, Mississippi already exports authorized products to the island such as frozen poultry and healthcare products, according to the U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council.
There was room to increase that trade and as establish exchanges in healthcare and research, including perhaps bringing Cuban doctors to the Mississippi Delta, said Bryant.
(Reporting by Sarah Marsh)
March 31 Perfect Holding SA:
* FY revenues of 17.9 million Swiss francs ($17.88 million) (15.6 million francs in 2015)
* FY net operating loss of 1.1 million francs (1.6 million francs in 2015)
* FY negative net operating cash flow of 0.1 million francs (also 0.1 million francs in 2015)
* It is anticipated that these positive results will continue in 2017 with the further development of existing markets as well as exploration of new markets and product offerings
Source text - bit.ly/2nG4nDq
Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0013 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 1 Keg Royalties Income Fund
* The Keg Royalties Income Fund reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Keg Royalties Income Fund - gross sales reported by 100 Keg Restaurants in royalty pool were $154 million for quarter, as compared with gross sales of $146,.7 million
* Keg Royalties Income Fund - qtrly Keg's same store sales increased by 5.3% in Canada and by 0.5% in United States Source texts for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Champaign Family YMCA has announced that pre-season sales of summer-long passes to the city of Urbana's municipal pool will start on Tuesday, April 18. Earlier this year, the Y and the city reached an agreement to have the local Y manage pool operations in 2017.
Individuals who wish to purchase single or family season passes to the pool – located in Melvin Miller Park – can visit the Champaign Family YMCA, 191 Community Drive, 5:30 a.m.-9 p.m. weekdays; 8 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturdays; or 1-4 p.m. Sundays.
Pool Manager Cheryl Wade will be at the annual Healthy Kids Day Celebration on April 22 at Urbana University's Grimes Center 9 a.m.-noon to discuss the pool's operations. After the pool season begins on May 27, season and daily pool passes will be available at the pool in Urbana's Melvin Miller Park, 689 Park Ave.
Pool pass prices are unchanged from 2016:.
Individual Season Pass
Adult $75 (age 18 to 59)
Child $65 (age 3-17)
Family Season Pass
2-3 persons $140
4 persons $150
5 persons $160
6 persons $170
Additional persons $10
Babysitter / Babysat Child $20
Pool hours
The pool season extends from May 27 through Saturday, Aug. 19, and hours are noon to 7 p.m. daily, weather permitting.
For additional information, call the Champaign Family YMCA at 937-653-9622.
The city of Urbana's outdoor pool at Melvin Miller Park is set to open May 27. http://urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_pool.jpg The city of Urbana's outdoor pool at Melvin Miller Park is set to open May 27. Submitted photo
Facility opens May 27
Submitted story
Submitted by the Champaign Family YMCA.
Submitted by the Champaign Family YMCA.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel attends the weekly cabinet meeting at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged the United States and China to put political pressure on North Korea over its nuclear programme, pressing for a peaceful resolution to escalating tensions.
"I don't put my trust in military means, but rather in political pressure being exerted on North Korea from different sides," Merkel told the Funke media group in comments released on Thursday.
"If China and the United States do that together, it won't be without consequence," they added.
On Wednesday, Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a peaceful resolution of rising tension on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steamed towards the region.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin speaks during the 41st Ordinary UEFA Congress at the Fair Centre Messukeskus in Helsinki, Finland April 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Markku Ulander/via REUTERS
ZURICH Euro 2024 hosting candidates Germany and Turkey have been told that they must meet specific criteria for human and labour rights and anti-corruption measures for their bids to be considered.
"The protection of human rights and labour rights is of the utmost importance for UEFA," UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin said in a statement published by the European soccer body.
"It was imperative for us to introduce specific articles on the respect and protection of human rights in the bidding requirements for all of our competitions.
"From now on, bidding nations will have to adhere strictly to these articles in the framework of the organisation of all our tournaments and finals."
UEFA said that the criteria were based on United Nations principles on business and human rights and other UN conventions.
"Furthermore, criteria regarding compliance and anti-corruption measures have also been included as requirements," UEFA said.
The German and Turkish football federations, the only candidates to host the event, were given detailed explanations of the requirements at a UEFA event last Thursday, UEFA said.
The two FAs have until April 2018 to submit their bid dossiers and UEFA will choose the hosts the following September.
Turkey has never hosted a major senior football tournament while West Germany hosted the 1974 World Cup and 1988 European championship and a re-united Germany the 2006 World Cup.
Turkey unsuccessfully bid to host the Euro 2008 with Greece and the 2012 and 2016 tournaments on its own. It had also intended to bid for Euro 2020 before UEFA decided to spread the tournament around 13 cities across Europe.
(Writing by Brian Homewood)
DETROIT — Blake Griffin's first few days with the Detroit Pistons were a bit of a whirlwind.
Detroit was able to win two close games with him, but coach Stan Van Gundy sees a lot of room for improvement.
"I've got to get it figured out offensively," Van Gundy said. "I'm not helping them or us a lot. You could actually see today in the early fourth quarter, we were actually a lot smoother when they were out because we were just playing.
"I've got this great player now, and so we're just sort of playing to them all the time, and the defence is all loaded up."
Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds, and Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift the Pistons to a 111-107 victory over the Miami Heat on Saturday night. Whatever Van Gundy's issues were with the offence, they didn't prevent Detroit from scoring 35 points in the final quarter.
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons, including a late 3-pointer of their own. Detroit has won three in a row, the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring them in a trade .
Griffin's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101, but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play, making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left. Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession, and Smith sank their only 3-point attempt of the game, from the right corner with 14 seconds to play.
"We played that the way we wanted, but Griffin made the pass and Smith stepped up and hit the 3," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "It doesn't matter if he's not known as a 3-point shooter, they made that one when they really needed it."
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat, who have lost three in a row. Miami was without centre Hassan Whiteside, who was out with an illness.
Smith, who has struggled at times while trying to replace injured point guard Reggie Jackson, went 11 of 14 from the field and finished three points shy of their career high. Their previous season high was 19 points.
Migrants are seen onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat, during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
A migrant onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat reacts during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants are seen onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat, during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Kalifa Kujabi, 17, from the Gambia, is helped by Proactive Open Arms rescuer to board a RHIB during a search and rescue operation north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat react during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Proactive Open Arms rescuers gesture to a migrant to jump on a RHIB during a search and rescue operation north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms rescuers help a migrant to board their RHIB as hundreds of migrants are seen overcrowding a wooden vessel drifting in central Mediterranean Sea off the Libyan coast, March 29, 2017 during a search and rescue operation. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
A migrant is helped by Proactive Open Arms rescuer to board a RHIB during a search and rescue operation north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat react during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants onboard a drifting overcrowded wooden boat react during a rescue operation by the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, north of the Libyan city of Sabratha in central Mediterranean Sea, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Over 400 migrants are seen overcrowding a wooden vessel drifting in central Mediterranean Sea off the Libyan coast, March 29, 2017 during a search and rescue operation by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
ROME A rubber boat packed with migrants sank in the Mediterranean and the presumed sole survivor - a 16-year-old Gambian boy - told rescuers they believed all other passengers drowned, the International Migration Organization (IOM) said on Wednesday.
A humanitarian vessel, the Iuventa, found the boy hanging onto a fuel tank in the sea on Tuesday. They were transferred first to an Italian Coast Guard ship, then to a Spanish frigate and brought to the Sicilian island of Lampedusa early on Wednesday.
"He said that everyone else died. But there's some hope that the Italian Coast Guard picked up others," said IOM spokesperson Flavio Di Giacomo in Rome, after speaking to staff in Lampedusa. It should become clear on Thursday whether others survived, as a Coast Guard vessel disembarks migrants in eastern Sicily that day, they said.
"The boy said they left Sabratha, Libya, a couple days ago on a rubber boat with 147 sub-Saharan Africans on board, including five children and some pregnant women," Di Giacomo said.
In the past two days, rescuers have picked up more than 1,100 migrants at sea, and recovered one body, Italy's Coast Guard said. The Coast Guard did not comment on the latest shipwreck.
So far this year nearly 600 migrants have died trying to reach Italy from North Africa, IOM estimates, after some 4,600 deaths last year. Migrant arrivals to Italy are up more than 50 percent this year on the same period of last year.
Early on Wednesday the Golfo Azzurro, a humanitarian vessel, rescued about 400 migrants - mainly from Morocco, Algeria, Libya, Gambia and Bangladesh - including 16 women and two children.
They were found drifting in a wooden boat without power about 16 kilometres (10 miles) off the coast of Sabratha, the most frequently used departure point currently used by people smugglers in Libya, and will now be transported to Sicily.
"The migrants kissed and hugged their rescuers and sang songs" after they were brought to safety, said Reuters photographer Yannis Behrakis, who is onboard the Golfo Azzurro.
"My brother back home convinced me to make the trip," said Gambian Kalifa Kujabi, 17, after the rescue. They said they played for Gambia's soccer academy and paid $600 for the passage. "My brother said that I can only have a future as a soccer player in Europe."
Italy's parliament on Wednesday approved a law aimed at protecting unaccompanied minors in a measure welcomed by humanitarian groups.
Also on Wednesday, the Senate voted to pass a decree that foresees new detention centres for migrants who are to be deported, cutting the length of the appeals process for those whose asylum requests have been rejected. The decree now goes before the lower house.
(Additional reporting by Yannis Behrakis on board the Golfo Azzurro; Editing by Julia Glover)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
SARAJEVO, April 20 Croatia's competition regulator AZTN has approved the sale of Splitska Banka by Société Générale to the local unit of Hungary's OTP Group, increasing OTP's market share in Croatia to over 10 percent.
The regulator said the bank would be the fourth biggest in Croatia and would increase the competitive pressure on other market participants.
"Increased competitive pressure could lead to a drop in the average interest rate in the market, resulting in lower interest rates for end users throughout Croatia", AZTN added. (Reporting by Maja Zuvela)
BRUSSELS Britain's exit from the European Union cannot be turned into a success, but it can be managed in a pragmatic way, a senior European Union official said in an interview with Politico on Wednesday.
Martin Selmayr, who is the head of cabinet for European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, also said British Prime Minister Theresa May was an impressive negotiator, which was good for Brexit talks.
"Brexit will never become a success, of course, because it is a sad and sorry event, but it can be managed in a professional and pragmatic way," Selmayr said.
"President Juncker said today that they (May) is an impressive woman and a very impressive negotiator. That is very good for negotiations, because we need a very strong negotiator, someone who unites the entire nation behind her," they said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; Editing Alissa de Carbonnel)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Ping An Insurance Group Co Of China Ltd
* Total accumulated gross premium income of The Life Insurance Business For Jan To March RMB 157.35 billion
* Jan to March total accumulated gross premium income of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company Of China RMB 53.66 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said late Thursday that a meeting with their military leaders was "the calm before the storm," but what they meant by their ominous comment remained unclear.
When pressed for more details, the president said, "you'll find out," a declaration that comes amid more turmoil in their own Cabinet and several foreign policy challenges around the world.
Trump was speaking before a planned dinner with military leaders and their spouses. Just before the dinner, reporters were ushered into the State Dining Room at the White House. The president addressed the reporters and said, "You guys know what this represents?"
One reporter asked the president to elaborate. They responded, "Maybe it's the calm before the storm." It was when they were asked what they meant that they replied, "You'll find out."
The episode raised questions about whether the Trump administration was planning some kind of military action. For weeks, Trump has been promising to respond to any North Korean aggression toward the United States.
The president also faces an Oct. 15 deadline to recertify a nuclear weapons deal with Iran, which was negotiated under former President Barack Obama. The president is expected to decline to recertify the agreement, which would essentially allow Congress to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions.
Backing out of this deal could cause problems with other world powers who are party to it, at a tense time with another nation aspiring to build nuclear weapons: North Korea.
In their remarks to senior military leaders before the dinner, Trump outlined the challenges facing the United States.
"We have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world," Trump said, using the acronym for the Islamic State. "Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time."
New York Times
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Manchester United 4 West Ham United 0 Newcastle United 0 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Chelsea 2 Burnley 3 Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Everton 1 Stoke City 0 Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Watford 3 Liverpool 3 West Bromwich Albion 1 Bournemouth 0 Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Leicester City 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Manchester United 1 1 0 0 4 0 3 2 Huddersfield Town 1 1 0 0 3 0 3 3 Manchester City 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 3 Tottenham Hotspur 1 1 0 0 2 0 3 ------------------------- 5 Arsenal 1 1 0 0 4 3 3 ------------------------- 6 Burnley 1 1 0 0 3 2 3 7 Everton 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 7 West Bromwich Albion 1 1 0 0 1 0 3 ------------------------- 9 Liverpool 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 9 Watford 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 11 Southampton 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 11 Swansea City 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 13 Leicester City 1 0 0 1 3 4 0 14 Chelsea 1 0 0 1 2 3 0 15 Bournemouth 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 15 Stoke City 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 17 Brighton and Hove Albion 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 17 Newcastle United 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 ------------------------- 19 Crystal Palace 1 0 0 1 0 3 0 20 West Ham United 1 0 0 1 0 4 0 1-4: Champions League / EC I 5: Europa League 6-8: Europa League depending on domestic cup 19-20: Relegation
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
The Clippers led the entire game but were never able to put away the Bulls, who started the game by missing their first seven field goals and finished shooting 36 per cent.
Harris was 10 for 19 from the field, beginning their Clippers career by hitting a 3-pointer for the first points of the game. They played 34 minutes in their debut.
"It felt great," Harris said. "I'm obviously happy and was excited just to get out there with my new teammates."
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said newly acquired Omer Asik, Jameer Nelson and Tony Allen did not suit up because they had yet to take their physicals. ... Sent an assistant trainer to Chicago to check on the progress of G Dunn (concussion). Said Hoiberg: "He's still on the concussion protocol. As they continue to feel better, hopefully they can cross off the steps to get out of it. Then he'll need a couple of practices before he's cleared." ... Markkanen remained home for the birth of their first child but Hoiberg said they may rejoin the team for their next game in Sacramento.
Clippers: Doc Rivers said G Austin Rivers (right ankle) should return when the team starts to play seven consecutive road games on Feb. 9. He's missed 17 games with what was originally called a strained Achilles tendon.
SCORING FRONTLINE
Since their new players only new a couple of basic sets, the Clippers went to a slashing, running style of play that proved effective.
"We played with a new team today," Gallinari said. "The style is going to be what you saw today. We just have to keep it up and keep improving. It can get better.
"I think that's the way everyone would like to play. That way everyone is happy and on the same page. By playing like that you make every single player happy."
Bradley also started, finishing with eight points, five rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT
Bulls: At Sacramento on Monday night to close a three-game trip.
Clippers: Host Dallas on Monday night.
___
More AP NBA: www.apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
By The Associated Press
(Repeats Thursday item)
* Banks seek foothold in EU as Britain prepares to leave
* German regulator Hufeld says move decisions weeks away
* ECB, Irish authorities to meet banks in May
By John O'Donnell and Anjuli Davies
FRANKFURT/LONDON, April 27 As Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure, a number of banks are likely to decide within two months where to set up new continental bases to make sure they can keep serving clients in the bloc after Brexit.
The European Central Bank said it will host a meeting of banks on May 4 at its offices in Frankfurt. It will spell out in detail what those moving some of their operations out of London must do to apply successfully for a licence.
Talks with financial authorities have been underway for several months but the banks are expected to make up their minds imminently on where to move staff and operations.
"We are in the hot phase. In the next six to eight weeks there will be a series of decisions," Felix Hufeld, head of Germany's Bafin financial regulator, told Reuters.
Ireland's central bank will hold a similar gathering next month to advise groups considering a move to Dublin, which along with Frankfurt, Paris and other centres is competing to offer the banks a second base that remains in the European Union.
A spokesperson for the Irish central bank added that it had regular contact with the industry concerning "the potential consequences of Brexit".
Authorities expect potentially dozens of international banking groups, currently operating their euro zone business out of London, to move some operations and staff to the 19-member euro zone.
They are likely to shift several thousand staff out of London, as banks based in Europe's biggest financial centre will lose automatic "passporting" rights to sell services across the EU when Britain is no longer a member state.
Hufeld predicted Frankfurt would play an "important role" in this process, although they said other cities would also gain.
Bankers also say Frankfurt is set to win the most business following a discreet but concerted German campaign to promote the financial centre of Europe's biggest economy.
German politicians have been reluctant to lobby publicly for big global banks to move to the country. Federal elections will be held in September and some voters remain suspicious of the financial industry after several German banks were forced to seek taxpayer-funded bailouts during the global crisis.
However, they have held a series of meetings with bank executives. Finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble and politicians from the state of Hesse, home to Frankfurt, have met Wall Street powerbrokers in the United States and Germany in recent months, according to several sources familiar with the matter.
As far back as October, Schaeuble met Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein in Berlin and discussed its post-Brexit plans, according to two sources familiar with the matter. Goldman Sachs is considering moving some operations to Frankfurt.
James Gorman, the chief executive of one of the world's biggest banks, Morgan Stanley, recently visited Frankfurt where they met local regulators, one person familiar with the matter said.
Morgan Stanley intends to move jobs from London to cities such as Frankfurt, people involved in the process have said.
A spokesperson for Schaeuble declined to comment, as did both banks.
France is still pushing for banks to move to Paris and HSBC has a big presence in the city. But many of its peers are reluctant to move to the city, where rents are high and they would face a special tax on wages in the financial sector.
GERMAN DRIVE
Hufeld's comments and the regulators' meetings show how banks are rapidly advancing towards a move.
Last month Prime Minister Theresa May formally declared Britain's intention to leave the EU, opening a two-year period for both side to negotiate the divorce. Talks are expected to begin in June, although May's surprise calling of an election for June 8 has added to the uncertainty.
Given the tight Brexit timetable, bankers are keen to get cracking. "March 2019 is not far away and we are running out of time," said Lutz Raettig, president of Frankfurt Main Finance, a group that promotes the city.
"The time for making decisions is soon. People want to know for sure what direction they are taking by the summer," said Raettig, who is also chairperson of Morgan Stanley's supervisory board in Germany. "They can wait a little longer but not much more."
The ECB, which takes the final decision on granting a bank licence, has said they should allow at least six months to get one.
However, Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley said on Wednesday that obtaining a licence to trade on the continent and changing financial contracts to another jurisdiction takes a year to 18 months.
Initially, banks had hoped that the immediate impact of Brexit would be softened by a so-called transition arrangement to delay the full effect.
But Hufeld, who also sits on the ECB's supervisory board, said this offered little consolation. "Even if there were to be transition arrangements, they would come at such short notice," they said. "If they come four weeks ahead of time, then that does nothing for you."
Despite the high prize in terms of jobs and tax revenue, many country regulators are treading carefully for fear of getting lumbered with high risks. This is particularly the case in Ireland, which had to seek an international bailout in 2010 due to the huge cost of bailing out its banks.
The ECB is likely to caution banks against relying on 'shell companies', with operations effectively run by people still in London but the responsibility for handling any mishaps lying with continental authorities.
"If it's high-risk and low value-added, then you don't want it," said one person familiar with the thinking among the Irish authorities. "Let Frankfurt have it." (editing by David Stamp)
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C., March 31 Boeing Co's 787-10 Dreamliner successfully completed its first fight on Friday, kicking off a testing program for the new high-tech aircraft that is due to enter service next year.
The Boeing jetliner, the biggest of the three-member 787 family, touched down at 2:35 pm EDT (1825 GMT) at Charleston International Airport after its five-hour initial flight, according to a Reuters witness. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Harriet McLeod in North Charleston; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Jarring as it may have been to see Texans quarterback Tom Savage lying on the ground with their hands twitching after a brutal hit in the end zone, what happened moments later was every bit as disturbing: Savage came back onto the field.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine that the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove them from the game.
That Savage was allowed back in after being thrown to the ground by Elvis Dumervil of the 49ers — their hands twitching as they laid directly underneath referee John Hussey — will lead to more questions this week about how the NFL handles head trauma. The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box, a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions.
"They try and make the best decision for the player," Texans coach Bill O'Brien said.
More to the point was this from Chris Nowinski , a longtime critic of the NFL's handling of concussions: "Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs (is that a seizure?) after a head impact," Nowinski tweeted.
In case you missed it, here are the other top topics after the NFL season's 14th Sunday:
BIG WIN, BIGGER LOSS: The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process. Wentz took Mark Barron's helmet to their left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty. Wentz is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury. Two people familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore their ACL and would be out for the season. The people did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the injury. Other QBs hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans (knee) and Josh McCown of the Jets (hand).
BIG BEN: Ben Roethlisberger became the first NFL quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games and the Steelers, after squandering an early 14-point lead, rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore. Roethlisberger's numbers: 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns. Roethlisberger's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 (522 yards vs. Colts) and 2009 (503 vs. Packers).
SNOW DAY: Snowball fight! On a day like this, Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist. Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack. It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing: snow. Fans built snowmen in the stands, players made snow angels on the field and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter.
WALK-OFF WIN: Davante Adams closed out Green Bay's comeback win over the Browns in style. After catching the pass from Brett Hundley and spinning away, they scooted into the end zone, then kept right on running into the tunnel . Final score: Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21. It was Green Bay's second straight overtime win and it kept the Packers alive in the playoff hunt, at 7-6, with Aaron Rodgers rounding into health and possibly available to return next week. Oh, and poor Cleveland found yet another way to lose. The Browns led 21-7 with 13 minutes left, but fell to 0-13.
STOCKHOLM Cost controls helped H&M (HMb.ST) to limit a drop in quarterly pretax profit but the fashion chain said it was increasing investments this year as it tries to keep pace with its larger rival, Zara owner Inditex (ITX.MC).
H&M, the world's second-biggest fashion company, said conditions remained very tough in key European markets and in the United States, with shopping behaviour and expectations changing rapidly.
Earnings were dented by weaker than expected sales growth and bigger mark-downs and H&M shares fell 5 percent.
After years of hectic expansion across the world, the Swedish company's profitability has faltered as Inditex, Fast Retailing's (9983.T) Uniqlo and online specialists such as ASOS (ASOS.L) gain an edge in "fast fashion". By turning over more new styles each year and having production closer to customers, they can quickly boost supplies of best-selling items.
H&M's supply chain lead times are around double those of Inditex, according to a report this month by Goldman Sachs, which recommended that investors "sell" H&M shares.
H&M Chief Executive Karl-Johan Persson conceded that the company's supply chain practices had remained the same while the world had changed. H&M would "definitely" move some production closer to end-markets while keeping an eye on profitability.
"Some is about moving to Europe as well, it could be Turkey or other countries in Europe, in order to get faster deliveries to Europe," they said. The company would also seek more flexibility with suppliers so it needs lower inventories and boost spending to make the supply chain more flexible.
DILEMMA
H&M has seen competition and price pressure in its budget ranges increase from rivals such as Britain's Primark (ABF.L), which recently entered H&M's biggest market Germany.
H&M is also branching out to reach a broader customer base and cut exposure to the budget segment. On Thursday it announced a new chain of stores, ARKET, with a slightly higher price range than its core budget H&M brand.
The new chain would also sell brands made by third parties.
But H&M has a dilemma -- the need to compete on price means four fifths of its production is in Asia, far more than Inditex which sources around half its products from countries close to its main markets, allowing it to react faster to sales trends.
More of Inditex's clothes are ordered, produced and delivered in-season, on demand, from nearby factories within weeks so it can capitalise on the constantly shifting preferences of young, fashion-conscious shoppers.
H&M's further-flung supply base could also leave it more exposed to trade disruption from protectionist moves such as Britain's decision to leave the European Union and the election of U.S. President Donald Trump.
"While we don't know if imports or exports will change for either, or other, countries at this point, if they do create significant impacts, that could change the dynamics of production for many retailers in the long term," said Kantar Retail consultant Tiffany Hogan.
Large markdowns in stores last year hit sales and highlighted shortcomings in design and supply planning. Thursday's results further underscored the need for H&M to become more responsive to consumer tastes.
Société Générale analyst Anne Critchlow said H&M's gross margin -- its most basic measure of profitability -- was higher than expected in its financial quarter that runs from December to February.
But they said March sales, which rose 7 percent on a constant currency basis, looked disappointing, "even taking into account the later Easter this year".
They highlighted a 30 percent increase in inventory compared to a year earlier and the company warned of a risk of increased mark-downs impacting its gross margin if that stock-in-trade is not sold down over the months ahead.
Quarterly pretax profit fell to 3.21 billion crowns ($362 million) from 3.33 billion a year-earlier, above a mean forecast for 2.87 billion in a Reuters poll of analysts, helped by cost controls and currency translation effects.
STOCK CHECKING
H&M shares have lost a third of their value since reaching an all-time high two years ago. In January, H&M was dethroned by financial services company Nordea (NDA.ST) as Sweden's most valuable listed company.
Overhauling H&M's supply chain model to mirror that of Inditex could be a major logistical challenge and incompatible with H&M's lower-than-Zara price point as production in Europe is more costly than in Asia.
H&M managers are focusing much of their energy on warehouse automation, meta-data analysis and RFID clothes tagging so staff can know where clothes are and move quicker to address shortages or oversupply.
It aims to get RFID tagging, which allows stock checks in less than a sixth of the time it used to take, up and running next year. Inditex already uses it across its Zara operations.
"I think it's more important that H&M keep tabs on their shopper and be able to deliver strong assortments via shopper data and analysis," said Kantar Retail's Hogan.
"H&M needs to make sure they're innovating ahead of the curve, not just to catch up," they added.
($1 = 8.8786 Swedish crowns)
(Reporting by Anna Ringstrom; additional reporting by Helena Soderpalm; writing by Tom Pfeiffer; editing by Niklas Pollard and Keith Weir)
April 3 Sandstorm Gold Ltd:
* Sandstorm Gold Ltd says company has sold approximately 15,500 attributable gold equivalent ounces during q1 of 2017
* Sandstorm says intends to proceed with a normal course issuer bid
* Sandstorm says under ncib, sandstorm may purchase up to 7.6 million of its common shares
* Sandstorm says purchases under ncib may commence on april 5, 2017 and will terminate on earlier of April 4, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIJING China reported 47 human fatalities from H7N9 bird flu in March, the national health authority said on Wednesday, compared with 61 deaths in February.
It also reported 96 cases of human infection from H7N9 bird flu for last month, according to a statement posted on the website of the National Health and Family Planning Commission.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Tom Hogue)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
April 13 CIT Group Inc:
* CIT names John Fawcett executive vice president and chief financial officer
* Says John Fawcett appointed CFO
* CIT Group Inc - Fawcett will succeed CFO Carol Hayles
* CIT Group Inc - Fawcett will join company as an advisor on April 17, 2017 and begin a transition period before taking on CFO Role
* CIT Group Inc- Fawcett will serve on company's executive management committee Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds case background)
By Dan Levine
April 3 A U.S. appeals court said on Monday it would hold a hearing in May over a Hawaii federal judge's order that blocked President Donald Trump's revised travel restrictions on citizens from six Muslim-majority countries.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals previously upheld a Seattle judge's block of Trump's first travel order. The appeals court did not say on Monday which three judges would preside over the latest appeal.
Trump signed the revised ban last month, in a bid to overcome legal problems with their January executive order that caused chaos at airports and sparked mass protests before its enforcement was halted in February.
Trump has said the travel ban is needed for national security.
The state of Hawaii challenged the revised travel directive as unconstitutional religious discrimination. Hawaii and other opponents of the ban claim it is based on Trump's election campaign promise of "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States."
The Justice Department has also appealed a ruling from a Maryland judge against Trump's revised executive order. The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Virginia scheduled a hearing in that case for May 8. (Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Raster.Studio announces the launch of reblog.live, a blog to explore our possible futures Reblog.live publishes daily news and points of view about our possible futures. Get inspired to imagine how we will live in 50, 100, 150 or 5000 years. RIMOUSKI, Quebec - April 18, 2017 - PRLog --
We explore the possible futures, as imagined today or from the past. We try to understand how our view changes over the time - can the life be exclusive to the earth? Will we reach the space age? How will we coexist with AI? Will we let our cars take vital decisions for us?
https://www.slideshare.net/ RasterStudio/ exploring-the- pos...
Daily news and articles
Day after day, the reader will find articles with high quality visuals (images, videos, animations) among with major news about the progress of the sciences and of the technics.
Possible futures of transportation
The car may or may not completely drive by themselves with human onboard. They will have decition to take concerning our own survival in some situations. In the meantime, we will explore and find new ways to travel. It is now acceptable to say that we will reach 99.9999% of the speed of the light - maybe one day we will allow ourselves to find sdolutions to go behoud.
Possible futures of inhabitat
If the economy is healthy, we can expect to see our inhabitat evolve quickly with improved energy management, numeric assistance, and living experience in general. We will do parralleles as for the visions of the future of Paris seems consistent accross the years.
Possible future of virtual reality, augmented reality and mixed reality
Full room virtual reality, augmented reality, with mixed reality being the best of both worlds - we have no restriction to imagine and shape our digital future. We progress step by step on the technolocal side, but we progress very slowly on the conceptual side to adopt tnd leverage this new medium.
Possible futures of the user interface
The volume of data willl continue to grow exponentialy, but our capability to design system to interact with this data evolves in parralel. Natural language, touch desks, direct mind communication can all help us to better understand and take benefit of this data we accumulate.
An open visit to the future
We collectively shape our present at the best of our collective capabilities, and we use more and more the technology to assist us.
This new blog is an invitation to visit all the possible future imagined today or yesterday, to keep the idea alive.
You can read and comment to bring your own points of view. And let's shape our future as we want it, together.
Contact
Raster Studio
***@raster.studio Raster Studio End -- reblog.live is a new source of daily information about how our future will look like.We explore the possible futures, as imagined today or from the past. We try to understand how our view changes over the time - can the life be exclusive to the earth? Will we reach the space age? How will we coexist with AI? Will we let our cars take vital decisions for us?Day after day, the reader will find articles with high quality visuals (images, videos, animations) among with major news about the progress of the sciences and of the technics.The car may or may not completely drive by themselves with human onboard. They will have decition to take concerning our own survival in some situations. In the meantime, we will explore and find new ways to travel. It is now acceptable to say that we will reach 99.9999% of the speed of the light - maybe one day we will allow ourselves to find sdolutions to go behoud.If the economy is healthy, we can expect to see our inhabitat evolve quickly with improved energy management, numeric assistance, and living experience in general. We will do parralleles as for the visions of the future of Paris seems consistent accross the years.Full room virtual reality, augmented reality, with mixed reality being the best of both worlds - we have no restriction to imagine and shape our digital future. We progress step by step on the technolocal side, but we progress very slowly on the conceptual side to adopt tnd leverage this new medium.The volume of data willl continue to grow exponentialy, but our capability to design system to interact with this data evolves in parralel. Natural language, touch desks, direct mind communication can all help us to better understand and take benefit of this data we accumulate.We collectively shape our present at the best of our collective capabilities, and we use more and more the technology to assist us.This new blog is an invitation to visit all the possible future imagined today or yesterday, to keep the idea alive.You can read and comment to bring your own points of view. And let's shape our future as we want it, together. Source : Raster.Studio Email : ***@raster.studio Tags : Futurism , Future , Restrofuturism , Futuristic , Retrofuturistic , Transportation , Inhabitat , Mixed-reality Industry : Media , Research , Technology Location : Rimouski - Quebec - Canada Subject : Websites Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number Page Updated Last on: Apr 18, 2017
ARCADIA, Calif. — Lombo scored a two-length victory in the $150,000 Robert B. Lewis Stakes at Santa Anita on Saturday, giving trainer Mike Pender a Kentucky Derby contender.
Ridden by Flavien Prat, Lombo ran 1 1/16 miles in 1:45.41 and paid $19.40, $10.40 and $7.20 at 8-1 odds in the field of nine 3-year-olds.
Lombo earned 10 qualifying points on the Kentucky Derby leaderboard, which determines the 20-horse field for the May 5 race.
Ayacara returned $6 and $4.40 and earned four qualifying points. Dark Vader was another 3 1/2 lengths back in third and paid $13.60 to show, earning two qualifying points. Regulate received one point for finishing fourth.
Peace, the 2-1 favourite, was seventh.
Lombo earned their first career victory by 3 1/2 lengths on Jan. 20 at Santa Anita. Prat picked up the mount for the colt's fourth career start when Kent Desormeaux opted to ride Ayacara.
"He ran a big race," Prat said. "They put a little pressure on them down the backside, but they were nice and relaxed. I worked them last week and he's got a lot of speed. I was concerned they might want to go, but they were relaxed. That was my main concern."
Lombo was purchased for $75,000 by owner Michael V. Lombardi at a 2-year-old in training sale in Ocala, Florida, last March. The colt has two wins in four starts and earnings of $129,225.
By The Associated Press
LONDON Draft negotiating guidelines from the European Union show a constructive approach ahead of negotiations on Britain's exit from the bloc, a British government spokesperson said on Friday.
"It is clear both sides wish to approach these talks constructively, and as the prime minister said this week, wish to ensure a deep and special partnership between the UK and the European Union," the spokesperson said, in an email distributed from Prime Minister Theresa May's office.
Draft EU negotiating guidelines issued on Friday showed the EU is ready to talk to Britain on a future free trade deal before the two sides agree final terms on Brexit. EU council President Donald Tusk said the talks would be difficult and sometimes confrontational.
(Reporting by William James, Editing by Kylie MacLellan)
April 20 National Australia Bank Ltd
* Nab has elected to redeem all outstanding nsn in accordance with their terms
* NSN will be redeemed on monday, 19 june 2017, being their first optional redemption date
* NSN were issued by nab in 2012 and trade on asx under code 'nabhb'
* For each NSN held nsn holders will receive a cash payment of $100 plus $1.1331 interest
* $633,692,300 of nsn (representing 6,336,923 nsn at $100 each) is currently outstanding. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
LONDON, April 5 Newcastle returned to the top of the Championship and moved a step closer to an immediate return to the Premier League with a controversial 1-0 victory against Burton Albion on Wednesday.
Newcastle thought they had opened the scoring when Matt Ritchie converted a penalty but referee Keith Stroud blew their whistle having spotted an apparent encroachment before the spot kick was taken.
In bizarre circumstances, however, they disallowed the goal rather than order a re-take -- much to the bewilderment of Newcastle and manager Rafa Benitez.
Ritchie finally did open the scoring with a thumping strike in the 68th minute which means, with six games remaining, Newcastle have 84 points -- one more than second-placed Brighton and Hove Albion.
Huddersfield Town climbed to third, nine points behind Brighton, with a comfortable 3-0 win against Norwich City thanks to goals from Elias Kachunga, Aaron Mooy and Nahki Wells.
Reading is a point adrift in fourth while Leeds United and Sheffield Wednesday sit fifth and sixth with 69 and 66 points respectively. (Reporting By Tom Hayward, editing by Neil Robinson)
The AIG logo is seen at its building in New York's financial district March 19, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The ticker information for insurance company American International Group Inc., (AIG) is displayed on a screen above the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange November 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A morale crisis at American International Group Inc could prevent the U.S. insurance company from keeping and hiring the talent it needs to propel it through its financial turnaround, UBS said in an analysis on Monday.
AIG ranked last through March 21 among 10 insurers rated by their own employees in categories ranging from career opportunities to business outlook, according to a UBS analysis of data from Glassdoor Inc, which runs a careers website and database of millions of company reviews.
An AIG spokesperson declined to comment.
Last year, AIG ranked last in seven of 10 categories rated by Glassdoor users, including employees and agents. Factors also include compensation, senior management and cultural values.
AIG, which announced on March 9 that its chief executive, Peter Hancock, would be stepping down, has ranked at or near the bottom of the group in all categories since 2012, wrote UBS analyst Brian Meredith in a report to UBS customers.
The morale slump could threaten a two-year turnaround plan put in place at AIG after billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn became AIG's fourth-largest investor in 2015, Meredith said.
AIG is midway through the plan, which involves divesting businesses, cutting costs and ultimately returning $25 billion to shareholders.
A $5.6 billion addition to reserves to cover future claims led AIG to report an unexpectedly large fourth-quarter loss on Feb. 14, jolting investors and leading to Hancock's planned departure.
Hancock's successor has not yet been announced, though several names have been cited by analysts and in media reports. The board has pledged to find a new CEO quickly.
The data is an indication of AIG's challenges in "retaining and hiring underwriting talent" in its commercial property and casualty businesses during the last several years, wrote Meredith.
Dim views of AIG among employees and agents signal "the challenges that AIG continues to face in retaining and hiring talent it needs" to boost and maintain its commercial property and casualty insurance businesses, said Meredith.
The UBS analysis involved about 6,300 reviews posted on Glassdoor that UBS identified as being from employees of large property and casualty insurers, including Travelers Cos Inc and The Hartford. More than 1,400 of the 6,300 reviews were from AIG employees.
CNA Insurance has scored the highest ratings so far in 2017, while Travelers ranked the highest last year, according to UBS.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
May 2 Apple Inc reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for the second quarter on Tuesday, indicating that customers had held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition launch of the company's most important product.
The company boosted its capital return program by $50 billion, increasing its share repurchase authorization by $35 billion and raising its quarterly dividend by 10.5 percent.
Apple sold 50.76 million iPhones in its fiscal second quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier.
Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
Expectations are building ahead of Apple's 10th-anniversary iPhone range this fall, with investors hoping that the launch would help bolster sales.
Apple typically launches its new iPhones in September.
A big jump in sales usually follows in the holiday quarter, before demand tapers over the next few quarters as customers hold back ahead of the next launch.
Apple's 10th-anniversary iPhone range might sport features such as wireless charging, 3-D facial recognition and a curved display.
The company forecast total revenue of between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion for the current quarter, while analysts on average were expecting $45.60 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Analysts on average expect the company to sell 42.31 million iPhones in the current quarter, according to FactSet.
The company's net income rose to $11.03 billion, or $2.10 per share, in the second quarter, from $10.52 billion, or $1.90 per share, a year earlier.
Analysts on average had expected $2.02 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue rose 4.6 percent to $52.90 billion in the quarter, compared with analysts' average estimate of $53.02 billion.
A 17.5 percent jump in the company's services business - which includes the App Store, Apple Pay and iCloud - to $7.04 billion boosted revenue. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
BEIJING Subjected to daily interrogations and blocked from leaving China for more than a week, Australia-based academic Feng Chongyi arrived home in Sydney on Sunday, vowing to return to the mainland later this year to complete their research.
Feng, an Australian permanent resident who retains their Chinese passport, was conducting field interviews for a project on Chinese human rights lawyers and their political aspirations.
"If they wanted to scare me they failed miserably," Feng, a well-known China Studies expert at the University of Technology Sydney, told Reuters via telephone.
"I'm not scared of them. I did not do anything illegal."
The project, which is partly government-funded via the Australian Research Council, touches on sensitive subject matter for the Chinese government.
President Xi Jinping's administration has tightened control over almost every aspect of civil society since 2012, citing the need to buttress national security and stability.
During that time, China has detained or questioned hundreds of human rights lawyers and other government critics, international rights groups have said. It routinely accuses rights lawyers of collaborating with "foreign hostile forces" to undermine state power.
Feng said their case, as well as interviews they conducted before being interrupted, showed the space for government criticism or dissent had been tightened further.
They said they had been unmolested when they met with what they described as "sensitive contacts" on a trip to China a year ago.
"In terms of rule of law and human rights it's getting worse and worse. It's clear their control of Chinese citizens [has] become harder and harder," they said.
"It's a reflection of their [the Chinese government's] insecurity. They can shut you down."
China's Ministry of Public Security and its Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Sunday.
Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said on Thursday that Feng was being prevented from leaving on "national security" grounds, without elaborating.
Feng arrived in China a month ago for their work and was first held for questioning in Kunming, the capital of southwestern Yunnan province, before being barred twice from boarding flights from Guangzhou last Friday and Saturday, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters previously.
Feng said they were informed on Saturday morning by the state security officers who had been questioning them daily that they were free to leave. They were made to sign a statement pledging not to divulge details of their interrogation sessions as a condition of their release.
The case had prompted Australian government intervention and sparked concern among international academics over the research environment in China.
Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said last week the Australian government was "monitoring developments closely and has raised this case with senior Chinese officials". It did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Sunday.
(Editing by Tony Munroe and Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
SCHREIBER, Ont. — Provincial police say two employees of a northwestern Ontario school board are facing fraud-related charges.
OPP say they were contacted Feb. 13 by the Superior North Catholic District School Board about an alleged fraud by two staff members.
They say a 57-year-old woman and a 55-year-old man, both of Terrace Bay, Ont., are charged with fraud over $5,000 and breach of trust.
Both (accused) is scheduled to appear in court in Schreiber, Ont., on July 12.
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton's life is like a "musical".
The 'Used To Love You' hitmaker has quipped that them and their beau only sing to each other rather than speak.
They joked: "We're like we're in a musical constantly and we just sing. We actually don't talk to each other, we just sing like a musical and everything we sing is like 'I love you', like it's pretty much the whole time like how great we are."
Gwen also opened up about the pair's Christmas plans and revealed that the couple did an "Italian Christmas" last year.
Speaking to Food Network's Giada De Laurentiis on Williams Sonoma's Facebook Live on Monday (11.12.17), they added: "Last year, we did homemade gnocchi, potato gnocchi, we did lasagna, which is my mom's recipe, which is the reason why I say it's like a '50s recipe because you use like a packet so I know that's like illegal for you guys ... but it's my mom's recipe from my grandma that is not Italian, so anyways, it's still the family recipe."
Meanwhile, Gwen previously revealed their boyfriend's "big heart" and "sense of humour" are some of their "sexiest" qualities.
They said: "I feel totally responsible because he's just so not that person. They don't even like to do a photo shoot, you can never convince them to do it. For me its just that big old heart, and that sense of humour. They don't even take themselves seriously, and he's just such an incredible person. And that's sexy to me."
Blake was recently given the Sexiest Man Alive accolade but Gwen had to "convince" them to take it.
They admitted: This is not their thing at all. I feel responsible about this ... I had to convince him. [I told him], 'Why would you not do it?'"
April 3 Eurosic Sa
* Unwind of the cross participation between Eurosic and Fonciere de Paris
* Fonciere de Paris sold on Monday to Eurosic all shares it held in capital of Eurosic
* Sale was realised through an over-the-counter transaction at a price of 37.30 euros ($39.75) per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9384 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The logo of Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche is seen outside their headquarters in Basel, January 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
ZURICH Roche's multiple sclerosis (MS) drug Ocrevus won U.S. approval, putting the potential blockbuster back on track after a brief delay and giving a lift to patients with a form of the disease that until now had no approved treatment.
The drug, also known as ocrelizumab and administered via infusion, becomes the first U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved medicine for the primary progressive form of the neurological disease (PPMS).
Ocrevus, to have a list price of $65,000 annually, undercutting rival Merck's Rebif by a quarter, is also approved to treat the most common form of MS, known as relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS).
Until now, patients suffering from PPMS were often relegated to managing symptoms and working with rehabilitation specialists as drugs including Teva's Copaxone, the most popular MS drug, failed to make a difference.
In trials with Ocrevus, however, doctors found no evidence of disease progression in 47 percent more PPMS patients compared with a placebo.
"The FDA's approval of Ocrevus is the beginning of a new era for the MS community and represents a significant scientific advance," said Sandra Horning, Roche's chief medical officer.
About 400,000 people have MS in the United States, according the MS Foundation, with the 15 percent suffering from PPMS largely without effective treatment options. PPMS is characterized by worsening neurologic function, while the more-common relapsing form comes and goes with attacks of new and increasing symptoms.
Among RRMS patients, Roche has said 75 percent more patients reached "no evidence of disease activity" status when taking Ocrevus compared with those using Rebif.
Ocrevus works by reducing the immune system's assault on the body's own neurons. Unlike some other MS drugs that target T cells, Roche's new agent tackles B cells' role in driving inflammation that is central to the neurological disease.
"This is a real game changer," said Cyndi Zagieboylo, president of the National MS Society.
Shares in Roche -- which is counting on Ocrevus to offset falling revenue from top-selling cancer drugs Rituxan, Avastin and Herceptin that face impending competition from cheaper biosimilar versions -- rose 0.24 percent to 253.60 francs.
While the FDA approval was largely expected, analysts said the FDA's broad support, for both forms of the disease, was a plus.
"The label is close to the best case," wrote Emmanuel Papadakis, a Barclays analyst, adding Ocrevus does not include health warnings accompanying other MS drugs including Biogen's Tysabri and Sanofi's Lemtrada.
COMPETITIVE POSITIONING
"Likewise, the U.S. list pricing point is clearly intended to position Ocrevus competitively against both orals and antibody options," Papadakis said.
Analysts forecast annual sales exceeding $3 billion by 2021, according to Reuters data.
U.S.-based Biogen will also benefit, with Roche to pay the part-owner of Ocrevus a royalty under a 2010 agreement.
The drug's U.S. entry had been delayed by three months when the FDA in December pushed back its approval deadline, citing manufacturing concerns.
Roche rival Novartis AG is also developing an MS treatment, BAF312, for secondary progressive multiple sclerosis. It could file for regulatory approval later this year, Novartis has said, although the official target remains 2019.
Other companies also seeking new MS drugs include GeNeuro SA.
(Additonal reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru and Bill Berkrot in New York; Editing by Bill Rigby/Ruth Pitchford)
March 29 Extreme Networks Inc -
* Extreme Networks to acquire Brocade's data center networking business
* Brocade's data center networking business will be sold to extreme for $55 million in cash
* Deal for $55 million in cash
* Extreme expects acquisition to be accretive to cash flow and earnings for its fiscal year 2018
* Acquisition is expected to close within 60 days following closing of Broadcom's acquisition of Brocade.
* Extreme expects to fund transaction with funds resulting from an anticipated amendment increasing its existing credit facility
* Expects to generate over $230 million in annualized revenue from acquired assets Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
With the expiration of their last round of recall petitions, a Comanche tribal member is circulating a new round of petitions to remove the tribe's Business Committee and lawyer.
Eleanor McDaniel is leading a recall petition rally beginning at 9 a.m. Thursday at 1063 NW Quanah Road in Cache, just north of the Cahoma Building.
Tribal members can stop by and sign the petitions throughout the day. McDaniel said they will be taking signatures on five petitions. They asked those wishing to sign to take tribal identification.
McDaniel is pursuing five petitions calling for special tribal council meetings to tackle the issues.  They are seeking one meeting to: reinstate the elected election board, including the election board chairperson; three meetings to recall Susan Cothren as vice chair and Clyde Narcomey and Johnny Poahway as Business Committee members; and a meeting to remove tribal attorney Richard Grellner.
Aidan O'Brien feels that it is now or never to try Churchill over 10 furlongs in next week's Juddmonte International at York.
After side-stepping an outing with the son of Galileo in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood on account of the soft ground the Ballydoyle handler will now step the English and Irish 2000 Guineas winner up to a mile and a quarter.
Should Churchill take their chances on the Knavesmire it will see them renew their rivalries with Barney Roy, whom they finished fourth behind in the St James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot on their most recent start.
O'Brien told www.sportinglife.com: “Churchill looks like they are going to go there. We are happy with them and we are looking forward to it. If they are going to go there (mile and a quarter) we need to try it now. We always thought it would be well within their compass.”
Irish Derby winner Capri could bid to bolster their position at the the head of the market for the William Hill St Leger with an outing in the Betway Great Voltigeur.
O'Brien added: “Capri is in it and Venice Beach is in it. That type of horse they are all there. The horse that won at Leopardstown the other night (Spanish Steps) is in it. So we have three or four possibles for that.”
Plans are in place to drop Washington DC back down to the minimum trip on the Knavesmire for a second shot at the Coolmore Nunthorpe Stakes.
The son of Zoffany gained their second win of the season after landing a six furlong Group Three at the Curragh on Sunday.
They added: “That is where they could end up next. A fast pace and following the other horses will suit him. That's very possible.”
Almanzor makes their long awaited return to action in the Prix Gontaut-Biron Hong Kong Jockey Club at Deauville. Jean-Claude Rouget's brilliant colt won five of their six starts last season including top-level victories in the French Derby at Chantilly, the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown and the Champion Stakes at Ascot.
Their reappearance has been delayed, with Rouget not 100 per cent happy with their charge earlier in the campaign, but they return at Group Three level on Tuesday.
Sylvain Vidal, racing manager for part-owner Gerard Augustin-Normand, said: “It's a very big day. We'll see what happens, but it's exciting. They worked very well last week. Jean-Claude is very happy with the horse.”
Almanzor once again holds entries in the Irish Champion and the Champion Stakes, but connections are keen not to look too far ahead. “We don't want to make plans until after they run,” Vidal added.
Almanzor, currently second favourite for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe behind Enable, faces just five rivals, with Rouget also fielding Zafiro.
Dual Classic hero Brametot is the star attraction in the Prix Guillaume d'Ornano at Deauville . Jean-Claude Rouget's colt claimed narrow victories in both the French 2000 Guineas and the French Derby and returns from a two-month break for this 10-furlong Group Two.
Brametot is jointly owned by Al Shaqab Racing and Gerard Augustin-Normand.
Sylvain Vidal, racing manager for the latter, said: “He is a very good horse and Jean-Claude is very happy with him. We'll make plans after tomorrow, but I know Jean-Claude is thinking of sending them straight for the Arc.
“We'll have to see how they runs and Al Shaqab own 55 per cent of the horse, so they will also be a big part of making the decision.”
75-year-old Sioux Falls man sentenced for 1st-degree rape
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) — A just says a 75-year-old Sioux Falls convicted of raping a juvenile family member must serve 35 years in prison.
The Sioux Falls Argus Leader reports that Verlyn Julius was arrested in 2017 after the child, now 12, told a school counselor that Julius had touched them inappropriately. Julius pleaded guilty to first-degree rape.
Julius had been on parole following a guilty plea to abuse or cruelty to a minor, a charge that had been reduced from sexual contact with a minor. The minor in that case was also related to Julius.
Judge Jon Sogn said during Tuesday's sentencing that Julius committed a "despicable crime" that was "an unimaginable violation of a child's trust."
___
Information from: Argus Leader, http://www.argusleader.com
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Police in the Toronto area say three unidentified men wanted in connection with a "vicious assault" on a 29-year-old autistic man may be from British Columbia.
Peel regional police say since releasing video showing the assault, investigators have received numerous tips that have led them to ask for help in B.C., particularly the Lower Mainland.
Officials say they have "credible information" that the people allegedly responsible for the attack at a bus terminal recently travelled to the Toronto area.
Video of the attack, which was made public last week, shows the autistic man sitting at the bottom of a bus terminal stairwell in Mississauga, Ont.
A 53-foot truck left Nashville on Dec. 5 headed to Arizona filled with 40,000 pounds of equipment including:
—A Juggs machine for firing balls at players at practice.
—Down markers.
—Six water coolers for practices.
—New computers, projectors and TV monitors to be ready and waiting for the Titans rather than pack up all that gear.
—Tape and other gear needed by trainers to treat injuries between games.
—Cleats.
—Uniforms.
—And yes, weights. Strength coach Steve Watterson has an area set aside for workouts because the Titans must lift between games.
At the hotel in Arizona, the Titans are using about 80,000 square feet of meeting space, not counting rooms for sleeping:
—Offices for everyone from general manager Jon Robinson and Mularkey and position coaches to the media relations department preparing for their next game in San Francisco.
—A ballroom now is a locker room.
—Meeting rooms turned into a cafeteria.
—A training room.
—And yes, a workout space for all those weights.
The Titans will only have to travel to Arizona State for practices, though Tuesday remains the players' off day. Safety Johnathan Cyprien, who spent a week in London with the Jaguars, knew what to expect.
"Oh yeah, we're stuck together," Cyprien said. "We'll be stuck together kind of like college. You know, where you go to practice, you go to class and you sleep in the same room with the same guys all day. You have no choice but to get closer when you're put in those situations."
Lastly, lots and lots of bags for essentially three separate trips in the span of 10 days. Usually, a road trip features 125 to 130 people, but this extended stay has 171 with the practice squad and other employees needed for a game week. Players alone will have at least three bags apiece.
On Sunday night, the Titans will board their third different airplane, which must be big enough to carry home all that gear.
Only time, and the three remaining games, will determine how helpful the travel plans were for Tennessee. Of course, both the Patriots and Eagles won after spending a week away, and Philadelphia went home as NFC East champs . The Titans (8-5) are hoping for a similar benefit trying to end an eight-season playoff drought coming off a 12-7 loss to Arizona.
"It's an opportunity for us to get away together as a team," Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota said. "I think that's going to benefit us and bring this team closer. I do think it will help us down the stretch."
___
AP Pro Football Writer Dave Campbell and AP Sports Writers Greg Beacham and Tim Booth contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL.
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
By Teresa M. Walker, The Associated Press
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Britain Soccer Football - Sunderland v West Ham United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 15/4/17 Sunderland's Fabio Borini celebrates scoring their second goal with Jason Denayer and Darron Gibson Action Images via Reuters / Ed Sykes Livepic
LONDON A lack of team unity and "problems within the dressing room" have contributed to Sunderland's woes this season, striker Fabio Borini said on Saturday.
The striker made the observations after scoring a late equaliser in the 2-2 draw against West Ham United which saw Sunderland slip ever closer to relegation from the Premier League.
The Black Cats are no strangers to wriggling clear of the drop in recent years but they now look doomed as they sit nine points adrift of 18th placed Hull City with six games left, having been rooted to the bottom of the table since mid-January.
"It's harder than previous times I think," Borini, who scored a late equaliser against West Ham, told the BBC.
"We have not been at our level and we have not been a united group as previous seasons. That's what has been the problem.
"(Our struggles are) a little bit because of problems within the dressing room but that's for us to deal with it. Even the results, the injuries, that's all part of being united and keeping believing."
Last season, Sam Allardyce helped Sunderland finish two points and one place above the drop zone while only three points and two places saved them the previous year.
They survived in those campaigns thanks to a stunning late run of form but they have won just five times all season under David Moyes and, crucially, just once in their last 10 to stop them building the sort of momentum which saved them before.
"Positive results like today, and performances, can bring that strength to the group and get everyone together because in our situation we can only get out together, not individually," the Italian added.
"We've been missing loads of players. The list is massive and that has been the problem.
"We all know we are Premier League players, we've been playing in the Premier League a long time and surely I don't want to get relegated."
Sunderland finishes with games against Arsenal and Chelsea but before then face the four teams immediately above them in the table -- Middlesbrough, Bournemouth, Hull City and Swansea City.
"We'll keep believing while we're in with a chance, and somewhere along the line hope the football gods will shine on us," Moyes said.
(Reporting By Tom Hayward; Editing by Ian Chadband)
GENEVA United Nations human rights experts called on Russia on Wednesday to release peaceful protesters arrested across the country at the weekend and to annul any sentences already handed down.
In a joint statement, the independent experts said that Russia had a legal obligation to protect people exercising their right to fundamental freedoms of peaceful assembly, opinion and expression.
Up to 1,000 demonstrators who took to the streets following allegations of corruption against Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev were arrested and a number of them were sentenced to imprisonment and fines, they said.
"We call on the authorities to release immediately all protesters still being detained, and to quash the sentences imposed on them," said the U.N. special rapporteurs on the rights of peaceful assembly, opinion and human rights defenders and the chairperson of the U.N. working group on arbitrary detention.
"Freedom of peaceful assembly is a right, not a privilege, and as such its exercise should not be subject to prior authorization by officials," they said.
Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny was handed a 15-day jail sentence on Monday for their part in a big anti-government protest in Moscow on Sunday which buoyed the liberal opposition's morale a year before the country's presidential election.
Navalny, who will appeal the court's verdict, was found guilty of disobeying a police officer at the Moscow protest. They were also fined for organising the protest, which the authorities said was illegal.
Genuine elections cannot be achieved if fundamental rights to freedoms of peaceful assembly, opinion and expression are curtailed, the U.N. experts said.
"The coming elections will be irreparably tainted if individuals are not allowed to exercise these basic rights without fear of harassment or retaliation," they said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
March 30 Unirita Inc:
* Says it will set up a new wholly owned subsidiary, UNIRITA PLUS Inc., which will be engaged in the provision of product sales and service in west Japan area in Osaka, Japan
* Says UNIRITA PLUS will be capitalized at 25 million yen
* Effective date April 3
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/sHKlk7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
Government MPs and senators on Wednesday evening expressed their confidence in the Dr. Ralph Gonsalves led administration, laying out in parliament the track record of the Unity Labour Party government for the 17 years they have been in office.
The members of the government side were able to prevent any debate in parliament on a motion of a no confidence brought by the opposition with an impromptu amendment.
Outlining their government's position in making an amendment against the no confidence motion, Prime Minister Dr. Ralph Gonsalves pointed out that the issues contained in the motion could have been debated at Monday's sitting or at next week's appropriation bill debate.
The Prime Minister said despite what has been put forward by the Opposition to the public their government has been nothing but transparent with the affairs of the country.
In the absence of the opposition for the second half of Wednesday's parliamentary session, the 8 elected members of government and the other 3 Senators carried on with the business expressing confidence in the administration.
Philadelphia restauranteur, Tony Luke Junior, joins In Focus to share their story of losing their son Tony Luke III to an overdose last March. Luke, who launched the #brownandwhite campaign after their son's passing, tells why he's feverishly pouring their energy into it in an effort to help remove the stigma they say exists for many people addicted to drugs and for the family members also impacted by the crisis.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Eva Gladstein, Philadelphia Deputy Managing Director updates us regarding Mayor Jim Kenny's task force to combat the opioid epidemic including key recommendations released. A major one highlighted – the development of Comprehensive User Engagement Sites (CUES) for individuals experiencing a substance use disorder related to opioids. DEA Special Agent Patrick Trainor of the Philadelphia Field Division - also joins Jennifer to discuss DEA initiatives. Trainor talks about the spike in overdoses, how drugs including heroin and fentanyl are transported into the country and major cities. And, they provide important awareness information. “In Focus” is broadcast Saturdays from 6:30 a.m. to 7 a.m. on PHL 17.
PARIS Two left-wingers in France's presidential race refused to call a truce on Thursday in a battle that looks sure to knock them both out of a contest that polls say will be won by centrist Emmanuel Macron in a runoff versus far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Socialist Benoit Hamon vowed to fight to the end despite being deserted by key members of their party while hard left rival Jean-Luc Melenchon, buoyed by a poll surge, ruled out a merger with them that could put the Left back in play.
With the left-wingers locked in a seemingly suicidal combat, Macron relished announcements by several right- and left-wing politicians, including Socialist defence minister Jean-Yves Le Drian and Socialist ex-prime minister Manuel Valls, that they would vote for them instead of Hamon.
"I have a problem in politics at the moment: there are lots of people backing me," joked Macron, a 39-year-old who promises to transcend the Left-versus-Right divide of politics in France, where the jobless rate in a sluggish economy is near 10 percent.
"That said, there's some consolation in the fact that for others the problem is that people are leaving them," they said at a meeting between candidates and farming sector representatives.
Hamon's struggle - their potential score of votes is hovering slightly above 10 percent - is complicated by the defections of Socialist party grandees, not to mention competition outside their party from Melenchon, who has overtaken them in several polls of voting intentions.
Furious at Valls' decision to defect to Macron, Hamon told public service radio channel franceinfo: "Of course I will stay through to the finish."
Melenchon, a political veteran whose potential election score in polls has risen to as high as 15 percent in the past few days, several points above Hamon, said on Wednesday they were not going to bow out in favour of a single Hamon candidacy.
"I will negotiate with nobody," they told a rally in the city of Le Havre. Their spokesperson said the Socialist Party, long split between moderates and hardliners, was now as good as dead.
Only the two top candidates in the April 23 opener go on to the May 7 runoff. Opinion polls put the two frontrunners - Macron and Le Pen - in the mid-twenties, way above those of Melenchon and Hamon and ahead of erstwhile favourite Francois Fillon, a conservative former prime minister.
A Harris Interactive poll found that 53 percent of voters felt Hamon should pull out of the race in favour of Melenchon, a firebrand left-winger who quit the Socialist party several years ago and is now candidate of the Left Party, or what the French call "the Left of the Left".
A Kantar poll showed Melenchon apparently enjoying a late surge in popularity, with a 19-point rise putting them at the top of a popularity league ahead of all others in the election race. That poll did not measure voting intentions.
Sandwiched between the trailing leftists and the two leading candidates in the polls, Fillon vowed too to fight on despite a financial scandal.
Fillon said they would overcome damage inflicted by a judicial inquiry into allegations they paid their British wife and children for minimal assistance work in a misuse of hundreds of thousands of euro of parliamentary funds.
"I can look you straight in the eyes and say: the examining magistrates will never prove that my wife's job was a fake," Fillon told RTL radio.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Pineau and Brian Love; Editing by Adrian Croft and Richard Balmforth)
Was most recently senior director of operations of Goodwill Industries of Southwest Florida
Jennifer Nelson
Contact
Uncommon Friends Foundation
***@uncommonfriends.org Uncommon Friends Foundation
End
-- Jennifer I. Nelson has joined the Uncommon Friends Foundation as its new executive director. They will oversee daily operations of the Uncommon Friends Foundation, the operation and maintenance of the Burroughs Home & Gardens, and oversight of the James Newton Archives.Nelson has been in senior management positions for eight years at Goodwill Industries of Southwest Florida, most recently as senior director of operations. They held previous management positions at Goodwill Industries in Houston, Austin and Galveston, TX. Them vast nonprofit experience includes operations management, budget oversight, fundraising, expanding streams of revenue, cost containment, marketing, personnel supervision, and event leadership.John Albion, chairperson of the Uncommon Friends Foundation's board of directors said, "After a process that saw over 150 applications submitted, the board is very pleased with the extensive experience, energy and commitment that Jennifer brings to the Foundation. We had many exceptional candidates and believe Jennifer is the right leader to help us expand our mission and goals to write our next chapter. As Jim Newton always said, "The best IS yet to be …"Nelson has been an active volunteer and advocate for PACE Center for Girls of Lee County as both a board member (since 2015) and as chairperson of its "Love that Dress!" fundraiser (2014).  They are an active board member for Recycle Florida (since 2011) and is a member of the Women in Business Committee for The Greater Fort Myers Chamber of Commerce. Nelson was also appointed as a member to the Lee County Sustainability Advisory Committee for the Lee County Board of County Commissioners.Nelson holds a Bachelor's in Fine Arts in Art History from the University of Texas and is a graduate of Goodwill Industries' International Senior Leadership Program and its Kaizen Training program. They reside in Cape Coral with their daughter, Piper.The Uncommon Friends Foundation is a nonprofit organization established in 1993 and dedicated to lifelong character building among today's youth and business leaders. The Foundation promotes character education in schools, ethics in the workplace, and preservation of the historic Burroughs Home & Gardens and James Newton Archives. For more information, visit http://UncommonFriends.org or call (239) 337-9503.
OSIJEK, Croatia — Canada's Daniel Nestor and Vasek Pospisil lost their doubles match at the Davis Cup Saturday, handing Croatia a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five World Group tie.
Toronto's Nestor and Vancouver's Pospisil started strong, taking a two-set lead and going up a break in the third before Croatia's Marin Cilic and Ivan Dodig stormed back to win 2-6, 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, 6-2.
That leaves 18-year-old Denis Shapovalov in a must-win situation Sunday against Borna Coric. Pospisil is slated to play the final singles match against Viktor Galovic.
Nestor and Pospisil double-faulted five times and had 17 forced errors to their opponents' 13.
This is what the law says you can do when someone parks in front of your house
April 10 Hostess Brands Inc
* Hostess Brands, Inc. announces launch of public offering by selling stockholders
* Hostess Brands - Announced launch of public offering of approximately 20.1 million shares of its class a common stock held by certain of its stockholders
* Hostess Brands - Selling stockholders consist of funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC, offering about 18.7 million shares
* Hostess Brands - Selling stockholders also consist of Gores Sponsor LLC, entity controlled by C. Dean Metropoulos Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PESHAWAR, Pakistan A mob beat a Pakistani student to death at their university campus on Thursday after they were accused of sharing blasphemous content on social media, university and police officials said.
A group of about 10 students shouted "Allahu Akbar" during the attack on fellow student Mashal Khan, who was stripped naked and beaten with planks until their skull caved in as other students looked on, video obtained by Reuters showed.
Blasphemy is a highly sensitive topic in Muslim-majority Pakistan, where insulting the Prophet Mohammed is a capital crime that has dozens languishing on death row and where even an accusation can lead to violence.
In recent months, Pakistan's government has been vocal about the issue, with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif issuing an order last month for removal of blasphemous content online and saying anyone who posted such content should face "strict punishment under the law".
Ten students have been arrested after Thursday's attack the grounds of a university in the northern city of Mardan, local police chief Mohammad Alam Shinwari said.
"After severe torture that led their death, the charged students then wanted to burn their body," said Shinwari.
At least 65 people have been murdered over blasphemy allegations since 1990, according to figures from a Center for Research and Security Studies report and local media.
It was unclear exactly what online posting had prompted the blasphemy accusation against Khan, who was studying journalism.
One of Khan's teachers recalled that they were a passionate and critical student.
"He was brilliant ‎and inquisitive, always complaining about the political system of the country, but I never heard them saying anything controversial against the religion," said the teacher.
In 2011, a bodyguard assassinated Punjab provincial governor Salman Taseer after the governor called for reforming blasphemy laws.
Taseer's killer, executed last year, has been hailed by religious hard-liners as a martyr to Islam and a shrine has been erected at their grave.
Recently, fighting blasphemy has also become a rallying cry for the government.
Pakistani online activists believe blasphemy-related crack downs on social media are veiled attempts by the country's powerful military to limit dissent on human rights violations.
In January, five online activists went missing and were publicly accused of blasphemy while they were absent. Four of them have reappeared and at least one has said they were abducted and interrogated by Pakistan's intelligence agencies.
The military has denied any part in the activists' disappearances.
(This story corrects number of people on death row to "dozens" in paragraph 3)
(Writing by Saad Sayeed; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
When I talk about constellations to various groups, someone invariably points out that they don't look a bit like the things they're named after.
Thus, it is with distinct pleasure that I introduce to you Corona Borealis, the Northern Crown, which really looks like a crown — or a cook fire or a laurel wreath or a bear claw.
Come on. Use your imagination. It's a semicircle of stars. It could be anything that reasonably resembles a semicircle of stars.
Go find it for yourself, and take a look.
If you look to the southeast just after dark, you'll see Arcturus, the brightest star of the spring and early summer sky. Don't be confused by much brighter Jupiter, which sits below Arcturus.
To the left of Arcturus is a small but distinctive circlet of stars called Corona Borealis, the Northern Crown. Despite its size, it was a very important star to ancient civilizations, and stories abound as to how it got in the sky.
As is often the case, what people saw in a simple semicircle of stars reflects their most significant cultural preoccupations and interests. The constellations are thus important because they tell us quite a lot about the way people lived and what they cared about.
Australian Aboriginal cultures called it Womera, a Boomerang, because of its shape. It was a fishing net filled to overflowing with its catch to South Sea islanders, an individual fish to the people of Borneo, a bear claw or a boot to Siberians, a beggar's bowl to Middle Easterners, and a laurel wreath, a symbol of victory in battle, to the Germanic tribes of western Europe. It doesn't look like any of those things either.
Closer to home, the Cheyenne nation arranged their camps in semicircles so it was easy for them to see a Camp Circle in the heavens. The old Hawaiian name for the constellation, Kaua Mea, suggests that it represented some sort of implement used in warfare.
To the Greeks, who had the most developed star stories to tell, it was the casually discarded crown of a god.
King Minos was the lord of the island of Crete in the Mediterranean Sea. Every year, the citizens of Athens were forced to send to them a bloody tribute. Aboard a ship with a black sail traveled seven young men and seven maidens. At the journey's end, they were let loose inside a dark labyrinth, where they were sacrificed to a vicious beast called the Minotaur.
With the body of a human and the head of a bull, the Minotaur easily killed the Athenians and, well, ate them, if you must know. Minos wasn't too happy about having the Minotaur on their hands, but hey, better Athenians for lunch than their own people.
By the third year of this sacrifice, Theseus, the youngest son of the king of Athens, had had enough. They placed themselves among the 14 boys and girls destined to die and swore they would kill the Minotaur.
After the black ship arrived in Crete, Theseus happened upon the young daughter of Minos. Ariadne was fair and smart, and the two fell instantly in love.
When the time came for Theseus and the others to become a Minotaur snack, Ariadne secretly gave Theseus a ball of yarn, which would lead them back to the entrance of the maze after they had dispatched the beast.
Theseus entered the dark maze, and the Minotaur soon found him. The confrontation was something of a shock to the monster. Usually, their prey passed out when they saw him. They aren't used to moving adversaries.
Theseus was a Greek hero, however. They laughed in the face of fear. “Ha, ha,” they said as they dropped their sword and ran away.
No, wait. Furious carnage ensued, of which little should be said, lest the weak of heart start reading some other newspaper.
Suffice it to say that when it was all over, Minotaur guts were spread all over the labyrinth. Theseus followed the yarn out of the cave. The Athenians, overjoyed at their reprieve, began to dance the Geranos, the complex movements of which symbolized Theseus's winding path through the maze. Afterward, he, Ariadne, and the Athenian youth headed for home.
Unfortunately, Theseus decided to make a pit stop at the island of Naxos, the abode of Dionysus, aka Bacchus to the Romans, the god of wine and serious partying.
Bacchus fell in love with Ariadne and, while they were asleep, ordered Theseus to leave the island.
The heartbroken lad headed for home. Ariadne awoke and was filled with woe. “Oh, woe! ” they said.
“Yoo-hoo!” said Bacchus and began to woo the woeful waif. Ariadne, somewhat disillusioned by their abandonment, demanded that the good-time god prove their love. On the day they were finally married, Bacchus grabbed their golden crown and threw it into the heavens as a pledge of their love.
And everyone lived happily ever after. Bacchus married a beautiful and intelligent woman. Theseus got their name in the Gazette. Ariadne got to hang out on Mount Olympus and drink Bacchus's wine. Minos was rid of the cursed monster. The Minotaur was too dead to care.
And, of course, folks like me get to take people out under clear, dark skies and tell the old story. How we love to speculate about the people who told it. How fearful they must have been of the unknown dangers that lurked in the dark labyrinths of their lives. How desperate they must have been to find a great hero to lead them out of the darkness.
They didn't seem to care much if their hero led a morally questionable personal life and was willing to discard even their true love and closest ally if it served some perceived greater good.
Come to think of it, things haven't changed much, have they?
The ancient stories thus live on in our hearts. To this day, Greeks still dance the Geranos. As the music swells and they dance their labyrinthine dance, I wonder if they ever look up at the stars.
https://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_tom_burns-3.jpg
By Tom Burns Stargazing
Tom Burns is director of the Perkins Observatory in Delaware.
Tom Burns is director of the Perkins Observatory in Delaware.
Superintendent named for Archdiocese of Baltimore schools
BALTIMORE (AP) — A former Kentucky schools superintendent has been appointed as the head of the Archdiocese of Baltimore Catholic schools.
News outlets report 61-year-old Donna Hargens began their new role Monday. They replace Barbara McGraw Edmondson, who resigned in July 2017. The Baltimore Sun reports Hargens will preside over around 17,000 students at 38 elementary schools and six high schools in the Archdiocese of Baltimore's nine jurisdictions.
Hargens previously served as the superintendent of Jefferson County Public Schools in Louisville, Kentucky. The Sun cites a report by The Courier Journal that says Hargens stepped down after calls for their resignation and protests over possible salary freezes. They also served in several roles including chief academic officer for a public school system in North Carolina. The Sun says Hargens was unavailable for comment.
Q. Can DNS on Nano Server be AD integrated?
A. No. While DNS is supported on Nano server with the 2016 RTM of Nano the DNS must use files and cannot be AD integrated. Note DNS can be installed at image creation time or post install using:
Install-PackageProvider NanoServerPackage
Import-PackageProvider NanoServerPackage
Find-NanoServerPackage
Install-NanoServerPackage –Name Microsoft-NanoServer-DNS-Package
Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature –Online –FeatureName DNS-Server-Full-Role
In the example commands I first install the NanoServerPackage manager then use it to view available packages online (remember with Nano if the image was not built with the component it is not present on the file system (sxs) so has to be actually downloaded to be installed) and then download DNS and enable it.
Bella Thorne was once molested.
The 20-year-old actor revealed they have been sexually abused before when a Twitter user questioned whether they had been after the 'Famous in Love' star posted a picture of themselves wearing a purple outfit and said they would "f**k this suit if I could".
In response, the troll tweeted the former 'Shake It Up' star saying: "What did Disney do to this girl?! I think they were molested (sic)"
Bella replied: "Yeah I was. So it wasn't Disney (sic)"
And they later insisted the world can be a "sick place".
They wrote: "The world can be a sick place sometimes :/ (sic)"
Following the revelation, some of Bella's pals wrote messages of support, including YouTuber Tana Mongeauâ€.
They wrote: "my baby the bravest baddest most talented girl in the game. using their influence to spread awareness abt the hardest s**t in their life. legit incredible (sic)"
Bella's 'Famous in Love' co-star Georgie Flores also praised their "perfect" pal.
They tweeted: "You are brave & loved & perfect the way you are. I'm so sorry. & sorry that some loser who doesn't know you would write something so gross. (sic)"
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - When it comes to being a bank chief executive, the received wisdom is that UBS boss Sergio Ermotti has a stronger hand than Jes Staley at Barclays. Even ignoring the UK bank chief executive's recent disregard for whistleblowing rules, investors prefer their Swiss counterpart's strategy of running a focused investment bank alongside a big wealth management business. That is reflected in valuations: UBS trades at 1.3 times tangible book value, almost twice Barclays' 0.7 times. First-quarter results from both institutions bear out the difference - but only up to a point.
When it comes to capital markets, both UBS and Barclays lagged behind their five biggest U.S. peers, where average investment banking revenue jumped by a fifth in the first-quarter year on year. But a slight decline in fixed income matters less for UBS – which earns just 6 percent of its revenue from that business – than for Barclays, where it brings in 15 percent of the total. Moreover, UBS' relative revenue underperformance is due to its absence from the fast-growing structured credit business. Barclays was dragged down by a poor showing in U.S. macro trading.
The non-investment bank bits of the two groups showed some divergence too. Pre-tax profit from Barclays' core UK retail, wealth and consumer credit operations was largely flat year on year. Meanwhile UBS's global wealth management arm reported a 19 percent jump in pre-tax profit and attracted 20 billion Swiss francs ($20 billion) of new money, net of outflows.
In other ways, however, Ermotti and Staley are not as far apart as the valuation chasm would suggest. Strip out the one-off writedown in accounting goodwill attached to Barclays' African business and the bank earned a return on tangible equity of 9 percent – not far behind UBS at 10.9 percent. Returns at Barclays' core operations, which later this year will represent the whole bank, matched those of its Swiss rival.
UBS' market-leading position in wealth management means that when it does well – as in the first quarter – it merits a premium. But it expects outflows this year to match the 14 billion Swiss francs it lost in 2016, while the broader shift from active to passive asset management and greater transparency over fees could squeeze sector margins in the future, according to analysts at Deutsche Bank. Even if UBS can maintain its reinvigorated showing, Barclays' relative discount looks too large.
April 5 Primoris Services Corp
* Primoris Services Corp - announced a new industrial award valued at approximately $10 million
* Primoris Services Corp - award was signed in Q1 of 2017 and will therefore be included in Q1 backlog calculation
* Primoris Services Corp - contract was secured by Primoris Energy Services' industrial division, part of energy segment
* Primoris Services Corp - work on project is scheduled to begin in Q2 of 2017, and completion is expected in Q4 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
CHICAGO — A suburban Chicago high school says safety concerns have prompted it to forfeit a football game against a school on Chicago's West Side.
St. Francis High School in Wheaton was scheduled to play Chicago Hope Academy on Friday night. But officials at St. Francis say a recent shooting, along with gunshots reported near Little League games at a local park over the summer, convinced the school to keep its team at home.
Chicago Hope Academy played a game at the park on Sept. 29 against another Chicago school that was interrupted by gunfire. No one was injured.
Hope Academy founder Bob Muzikowski says that was the first violent episode in 13 years of football at the school. They say security would have been robust at Friday's game.
March 30 Boston Scientific Corp
* Boston Scientific announces agreement to acquire symetis
* Boston Scientific Corp - deal for $435 million in up-front cash
* Boston Scientific announces agreement to acquire Symetis
* Deal for $435 million
* Boston Scientific Corp - on an adjusted basis, transaction is expected to be immaterial in 2017, slightly accretive in 2018
* Boston Scientific - deal expected to be less accretive (or dilutive, as case may be) on a GAAP basis, due to amortization expense and transaction costs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* For poll data click reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=cpurl://apps.cp./Apps/asset-allocation-polls
TOKYO, March 31 Japanese fund managers increased their exposure to equities in March but at a pedestrian pace amid concerns the "Trump trade" could be losing steam.
The survey of five Japan-based fund managers conducted between March 21 and 27 showed respondents on average wanted to allocate 38.7 percent of their model portfolios to stocks in March, from 38.5 percent in February.
Within stocks, the respondents kept North American stock exposure unchanged at 28.0 percent in March while reducing Japanese equities to 43.8 percent from 46.1 percent in February. They cut euro zone stocks to 8.3 percent from 11.0 percent and kept Asian equities steady at 6.7 percent.
The Dow reached a record high at the start of March but slumped to a six-week low this week as U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to push through a key healthcare bill raised questions about their administration's ability to enact fiscal stimulus measures. Japan's Nikkei has also pulled back sharply from 15-month highs scaled early this month.
Much of Wall Street's rally since the November election has been driven by expectations of a boost to the economy from Trump's promises to cut taxes, ease financial regulation and lift infrastructure spending.
"Doubts towards the Trump administration's ability to push through policy steps are unlikely to clear easily and U.S. equities are expected to remain in an adjustment phase for a while," Yuichi Kodama, chief economist at Meiji Yasuda Insurance.
"But equities could enjoy another run higher towards the summer as hopes for Trump-initiated fiscal policy steps are likely to be rekindled by then."
The respondents raised their overall bond exposure by a miniscule amount, increasing it to 55.1 percent in March from 55.0 percent in February.
They raised North American bonds to 35.1 percent from 28.4 percent in February amid a significant advance this month by U.S. debt. Treasuries have gained steadily in price since the middle of the month, when the Federal Reserve hiked interest rates but did not meet heightened expectations for an aggressive policy tightening profile over the rest of the year.
The respondents kept their Japanese bond exposure unchanged at 38.4 percent in March while trimming euro zone debt to 16.8 percent from 18.5 percent. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 3 The South Korean won ended higher on Monday with sentiment lifted by news of strong exports in March and on the dollar's continuing weakness.
The won was quoted at 1,115.3 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, up 0.28 percent versus Friday's close of 1,118.4.
It was the strongest closing level since 1,114.2 per dollar seen on March 29.
South Korea's trade data for March published at the weekend showed shipments rose for a fifth straight month, while imports surged at the fastest pace in more than five years.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.34 percent at 2,167.51 points, supported by tech heavyweights Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics , up 0.58 percent and 1.18 percent each.
Offshore investors ended two straight net buying sessions and sold a net 21.87 billion won ($19.62 million) worth of KOSPI shares for the day. ($1 = 1,114.4800 won) (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
CLEARVIEW TOWNSHIP — A coach bus full of teenagers is on its way back to Hamilton after a crash on Highway 26 in Stayner this afternoon.
More than 41 teens, three adult chaperones and a bus driver spent the afternoon in a Clearview Township warming station after a collision involving a van just east of Collingwood around 2 p.m. this afternoon.
Some students on the bus, which was heading back from a school trip to Blue Mountain, suffered minor injuries, said Clearview Township fire chief Colin Sewell.
All eight people in the van were seriously injured, five of whom had to be extricated by firefighters, they said.
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
A member of Afghan army Special Forces helps the new recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces have their lunch after take part in a military demonstration in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces have their lunch after take part in a military demonstration in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan March 12, 2017. Picture taken on March 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan March 12, 2017. Picture taken on March 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan March 12, 2017. Picture taken on March 12, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
New recruits to the Afghan army Special Forces take part in a military exercise in Rishkhur district outside Kabul, Afghanistan February 25, 2017. Picture taken on February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
KABUL Afghanistan plans to double the number of elite special forces from 17,000 troops, officials said, part of a long-term strategy to bolster units stretched and exhausted by persistent attacks from Taliban insurgents and other Islamist militants.
Special forces, who represent a small fraction of the 300,000-strong armed forces, have been carrying out nearly 70 percent of the army's offensive operations across the country, underlining Afghanistan's heavy reliance on them.
While regular forces, including police, are deployed largely to defend positions, special forces are taking the battle to militants from Kunduz in the north to Helmand in the south, sometimes working in tandem with U.S. counterparts.
"Our commando forces have to be strengthened and have to be better equipped," Defence Ministry spokesperson Dawlat Waziri said.
Waziri declined to give exact numbers, saying only that the special operations division would be increased to the level of an army corps.
But three Afghan and Western officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that under current plans, special forces would double and the government was talking to foreign donors about contributing through funding and other assistance.
Recruitment in recent months has focused on replacing special forces troops lost during last year's fighting, meaning the drive to "substantially" increase numbers would take longer, said NATO coalition spokesperson Captain Bill Salvin.
"It's going to take several years to grow to the level that (Afghan President Ashraf) Ghani currently envisions," Salvin said.
Recruitment and training was already underway for more commandos, as well as special forces support units like medical care, intelligence, logistics and communications, they added.
TRUMP'S CALL
On exercises at the Afghan army's special operations training base just outside Kabul, soldiers were confident that they could handle the workload.
"There has been an increase in our operations, but we will keep up our efforts," said Fawad Kamal, a special forces commander. "There hasn't been any interruption."
When they reach the battlefield, newly trained troops will likely be conducting offensive operations, from tracking militant cells to clearing towns seized by insurgents.
"There is a huge need for the number of commandos and special forces to increase in the country," said Mohammed Arif, a new commando recruit. "As long as they are well equipped, they can defend the country very well."
Afghanistan's international allies regularly praise the performance of the special forces, but there is also concern that the workload places them under too much strain.
Last year, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, discussed plans to strengthen and regenerate the force over the winter months.
At the special forces base, NATO trainers work alongside Afghan instructors, teaching a range of courses from basic shooting and room clearance for new commandos, to advanced leadership courses for the more experienced.
The NATO instructors are part of the Resolute Support mission involving some 13,000 international troops, more than half of them Americans, who train special and regular forces and sometimes advise Afghan troops on the battlefield.
A smaller U.S. counter-terrorism unit is engaged in fighting radical networks including al Qaeda and Islamic State, and often works closely with elite Afghan units in the field.
Nicholson said last month that thousands more advisers would be needed to help prepare Afghan forces to break the "stalemate" in the 15-year conflict, a factor U.S. President Donald Trump must consider when they decide their strategy for Afghanistan.
More than two years after the departure of most international troops, Afghan forces control just 57 percent of the country, compared with 72 percent a year ago, according to SIGAR, a Congressional oversight body.
"A LOT WAS ASKED OF THEM"
The outgoing U.S. military spokesperson in Kabul, Brigadier General Charles Cleveland, said Afghan special forces were "the absolute best in this region".
"But by the end of the year they were stretched. An awful lot was asked of them."
Cleveland said any move to boost commando numbers would be factored into coalition deliberations over the future of the international mission.
It peaked at some 100,000 soldiers in 2011, but fell sharply with the intention of eventually handing over control to local forces. A stubborn enemy, lack of resources and high casualty rates among Afghan troops have seen that objective pushed back.
"We'll adjust as we see fit," Cleveland said. "As they (special forces) go into the spring fighting, they are absolutely going to be stronger than where they were in the fall."
NATO is also trying to help the conventional army corps become more effective and relieve pressure on elite units, according to Cleveland.
"The real goal is to get the conventional corps up to the same level of proficiency at their job as the special forces are at their jobs.
"We want these corps to be able to conduct their operations without having to misuse, if you will, the special operations forces."
(Additional reporting by Mirwais Harooni; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
(Adds Zinke meeting with county commissioner on Tuesday, paragraph 11)
By Valerie Volcovici
WASHINGTON May 1 The Native American tribes that help manage the Bears Ears national monument in Utah raised concerns on Monday that the interior secretary has not responded to requests for a meeting ahead of their visit to Utah next week to review its monument designation.
U.S. Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said in Houston that they will visit the Bears Ears national monument in Utah next week to get input from "stakeholders" on whether to change the site's monument designation, which President Barack Obama made in their last weeks in office in December.
"I'm going to ride a horse, like Teddy Roosevelt, and see the land and talk to the Navajo and the nations of tribes," Zinke said at Offshore Technology Conference in Houston, where they signed an order to review existing offshore drilling bans.
An Interior Department representative said they did not know whether Zinke planned to meet with the inter-tribal coalition.
Zinke said they will be in Utah all week, and has 45 days to make a recommendation to President Donald Trump on which designations should be lifted or resized.
The five tribes that form the Bears Ears Inter-Tribal Coalition said they have not heard back from Zinke or their staff after a dozen attempts to set up a meeting with him.
"We want a sit-down meeting so we can seriously have a conversation about Bears Ears and how it came to be," said Natasha Hale, lead representative for the coalition.
Bears Ears has been home to Hopi, Navajo, Ute Indian tribe, Ute Mountain tribe and Zuni. The tribes say the 1.3 million acres that are protected with the monument designation contains 100,000 archaeological and cultural sites.
They said proclamation ordering the designation finally gave tribes "a strong voice in how these lands are managed."
"If Secretary Zinke truly believes that ‘sovereignty should mean something,' as they had said, we hope they will finally respond to the Tribes' multiple requests to meet with him,” said Davis Filfred, a Navajo Nation council delegate.
Rebecca Benally, commissioner for Utah's San Juan County and an opponent of the monument designation for Bears Ears, said they will meet on Tuesday with Zinke in Washington. Benally is a member of the Navajo Nation.
Utah's governor and congressional delegation have opposed the Bears Ears monument designation, saying it restricts too much land from economic and resources development.
(Reporting By Valerie Volcovici; additional reporting by Liz Hampton in Houston; Editing by David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
PARIS, April 12 French oil and gas company Total said on Wednesday that its South Korean joint venture with Hanwha will invest $450 million in the group's refining and petrochemicals platform to expand capacity in order to meet growing demand from China.
The company said the investment will increase the Daesan complex's ethylene capacity by 30 percent to 1.4 million tonnes per year. Ethylene is widely used in making plastics.
Total added that the expansion of the project is scheduled to be completed by mid-2019.
"The additional ethylene production will meet local demand and also supply the nearby fast-growing Chinese market which imports a significant part of its ethylene requirements," Total said in a statement.
The Daesan refining and petrochemicals platform is a 50/50 joint venture between the French oil and gas major and the South Korean conglomerate. The venture generated a net result of nearly $1 billion in 2016. (Reporting by Bate Felix; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
April 12 CL Educate Ltd
* Says approved acquisition of 49% stake in the shares of Accendere Knowledge Management Services Private Ltd., making it unit of co
* Says approved definitive agreement with respect to the acquisition of Eten Test Prep Business. Source text - (bit.ly/2orQc5l) Further company coverage:
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
“The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system,” the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
SYRIA, MYANMAR
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown “further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs,” the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can “be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory.”
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
FILE PHOTO: A North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/Files
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
Myanmar U.N. Ambassador Hau Do Suan said the Myanmar government “has no ongoing arms relationship, whatsoever, with North Korea” and is abiding by the U.N. Security Council resolutions.
BANNED EXPORTS, IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments “would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed.”
“The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal,” the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors “also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China.”
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
April 28 Goldenmax International Technology Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 200 percent to 250 percent, or to be 259.1 million yuan to 302.3 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (86.4 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/iC6gSB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Thursday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com.
LIBERTY SPECIALTY MARKETS
Boston-based Liberty Mutual Insurance's unit appointed Alexandra Paton head of global financial risks, continental Europe.
MUFG INVESTOR SERVICES
The asset servicing arm of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group appointed Joe Latini as executive director for relationship management. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Customers and sales persons are seen at an Apple maintenance service store at a mobile phone market in Shanghai, January 24, 2013. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An employee uses the Apple iPhone to demonstrate to reporters how to pay using the Apple Pay service at an Apple Store in Beijing, China, February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj/File Photo
BEIJING Apple Inc has a new China growth driver: animated dragons and warring royals.
As sales of its iPhones slip in a fiercely competitive market, the U.S. company is seeing stronger growth in its services business - from lucrative app sales to iTunes and digital payments.
Driving this growth are online games available through its China App Store, such as current hits "King of Glory", "Fantasy Westward Journey" and "Nest of Dragons".
These apps are taking on increasing significance as Apple looks to revive growth ahead of the 10-year anniversary of its first iPhone later this year.
Graphic - Apple earnings: tmsnrt.rs/2pFiUil
China drove around half the revenue growth for Apple's App Store last year.
Apple posted a surprise dip in iPhone sales in the first quarter, and revenue from Greater China dropped for a fifth straight quarter, by 14.1 percent. The iPhone has lost market share in China under competition from local rivals Oppo, Vivo and Huawei. It ranks fourth with around 10 percent.
Services, however, were a bright spot.
"We had extremely strong services growth during the quarter in China," CEO Tim Cook told analysts after the results were announced on Tuesday, adding the segment posted "double digit" growth.
Revenue from Apple's China App Store was more last year than that of China's other app stores combined, according to app analytics firm App Annie. Apple takes a cut of all spending on or within apps via its store.
"Most students will spend a few hundred to a few thousand (yuan) on games a year," said a 22-year-old Beijing university student surnamed Ning, who says the iOS (Apple's operating system) experience feels more genuine than rivals in China.
Apple's China App Store, which draws some 75 percent of its revenue from games including top-grossing titles like "Clash of Clans", raked in $2 billion in the last quarter of 2016, and is seen globally as one of the company's fastest-growing areas.
CONTENT REGULATION
But, as services sales rise, Apple faces new risks.
China is tightening regulation of cyberspace, including online media, live streaming and gaming. On Tuesday, tighter rules were put in place for online news portals and network providers, the latest step in President Xi Jinping's push to secure the Internet and maintain strict Communist Party control over content.
"You never know what will change in the next year," said Tarun Pathak, director of research firm Counterpoint, referring to the uncertain regulatory environment for new online media.
Beijing has ushered in a string of rules in the past year, raising scrutiny on Apple's services business, and has created new barriers for developers entering the market.
In April last year, Apple pulled its iBooks and Movies from China just weeks after they went live, citing regulations. Earlier this year, it also removed the New York Times app from its China App Store after a request from the authorities.
Last month, Beijing's cyber authority said it would call on Apple to answer violations it made in hosting live-streaming apps banned by the government.
Apple's gaming app business has also experienced setbacks due to tightening regulations. Rules introduced last year require a strict and lengthy licensing process for introducing games to Chinese app stores, barring developers outside China who don't have a local partner.
And the same Chinese smartphone makers who have chipped away at iPhone sales could also increase competition in services.
"We can expect [Oppo, Huawei and Vivo] also to go very, very aggressively into the services sector in the coming years which could affect Apple," said Counterpoint's Pathak.
To stay ahead, Apple has made significant strides in courting developers by slashing approval times for apps entering the store, and allowing developers to increasingly integrate apps with local services including social media.
"Apple in China is just better organized (now)," said Thomas Meyer, Shanghai-based co-founder of mobile development firm Mobile Now. "We (now) get support from iOS to integrate important China APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) like social networks... That's something in the early days we couldn't even hope for, it would take months to figure out."
Yet Apple's services business is still tied to iPhone sales.
For App Store users, compelling features in the next iPhone, expected to be launched in September, could make or break the relationship. Consumers like Wang Chunting illustrate the balancing act Apple faces between iPhone sales and services.
The 23-year-old Beijing animator spent around 600 yuan ($87) this year on "Onmyoji", a popular Chinese role-playing game, and says the lure of iOS games was previously enough for them to buy an iPhone - but they don't expect to upgrade to this year's new phone.
"The iOS gaming experience is better and there's less blatant pirating than (on rival operating system) Android,... but the price of the iPhone is just too high, it's just not worth it."
(Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
Employees and guest wait before the first flight ceremony of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
Guests wave flags introducing the first flight of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
Boeing employee Alyssa Monserrate, hands out commemorative flags before the first flight of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
Employees and guest take photos during the first flight ceremony of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
Employees and guest watch during the first flight ceremony of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
A photographer takes a photo during the first flight of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
The new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner takes off during a first flight ceremony at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
A pilot waves to the crowd during the first flight ceremony of the new Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner at the Charleston International Airport in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Randall Hill
NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. Boeing Co's newest and largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, successfully made its first flight on Friday, kicking off a test program for the high-tech jet.
The plane, which sells for $312.8 million at list price and rounds out a family of three carbon-fiber composite Dreamliners, flew well, the pilots said.
"We had a great flight," Captain Tim Berg said at a news conference after the flight. The plane "performed exactly like we thought it would."
The flight was one of three initial voyages on Friday, joining the Airbus A319neo jetliner and the Antonov An-132D, a light turboprop military transport developed with Saudi Arabia.
Boeing's 787-10 is being built at Boeing's factory in North Charleston, South Carolina, due to its large size. The facility is Boeing's only jetliner assembly factory outside of Washington state and, in contrast to the others, is not unionized.
Last month, the new plane provided a dramatic backdrop for President Donald Trump's visit to the Boeing factory, where they promised to boost U.S. manufacturing and punish companies for moving jobs overseas.
Companies in Japan, China, Italy, Sweden, France and Britain produce many of the 787's major components, such as wings, fuselage sections and the rudder. Airlines can choose engines from General Electric Co of the United States, or Britain's Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc.
The first 787-10 took off at 9:38 a.m. EDT (1338 GMT) and landed at 2:35 pm EDT.
The plane is a second and final "stretch," of the original 787-8, which debuted in 2011. It is 18 feet (5.5 meters) longer than the 787-9 and seats 330 passengers, 40 more than the 787-9 and 88 more than the 787-8.
The 787 has been a top seller, with 1,200 firm orders as airlines use it to open new routes between smaller cities that can be profitable with the fuel-efficient 787.
Airbus competes against the 787-10 with its A330neo, a remake of its older, aluminium-hulled A330 equipped with fuel-efficient engines. Both jets are optimised for shorter flights compared with other mid-sized, twin-aisle planes. After brisk initial sales, orders for both have slowed, with Airbus selling just over 220 of its A330neo.
So far, the 787-10 has booked 149 orders from nine customers, about 12 percent of the total of firm orders. The mid-sized 787-9 has captured just over half the total.
After spending 2017 in testing, the 787-10 is expected to enter service with airlines in 2018.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York, Harriet McLeod in North Charleston and Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
May 3 Owens & Minor Inc:
* Owens & Minor to acquire Byram Healthcare
* company expects that transaction will have limited impact on 2017 earnings and will be modestly accretive in 2018
* Signed a definitive purchase agreement to acquire byram healthcare for approximately $380 million in cash
* Expects that transaction will have limited impact on 2017 earnings
* acquisition is expected to contribute approximately $450 million in incremental annual revenue for Owens & Minor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
"All I can say is embarrassment, disappointment," said defensive back Anthony Watkins. "It hurts a lot."
Bryant Shirreffs threw for 310 yards for UConn (1-4, 0-3) and the Huskies got 114 yards rushing and two touchdowns from Arkeel Newsome.
Doroland Dorceus had 22 carries for 122 yards for Memphis. Their two rushing touchdowns and all but 23 of their yards came in the second half.
THE TAKEAWAY
UConn: The Huskies have now lost eight straight conference games. Connecticut's last conference win and last win over an FBS opponent came a full year ago, Oct. 8, 2016, when the Huskies beat Cincinnati 20-9 in East Hartford.
Memphis: It was the third time Ferguson has thrown for at least six touchdowns. It was their second 400-yard passing game (409 against Houston last season) and their 10th with at least 300 yards. The only Tiger with more is Lynch, who had 12.
"I look up to Paxton," said Ferguson. "Just the fact that I'm even in the same sentence with Paxton Lynch means a lot to me."
TURNOVERS
Ferguson was coming off a game against UCF in which they threw three interceptions and lost a fumble. The Tigers did not turn the ball over in this one. UConn strip sacked Ferguson in the third quarter, but the ball bounced right back into their arms while they were on the ground. The Tigers scored 14 points on three UConn turnovers.
TARGETING
Memphis linebacker Austin Hall, the Tigers leading tackler coming in, was ejected on a targeting call in the first quarter, lunging to tackle running back Kevin Mensah. The Tigers were already missing linebacker Curtis Akins with an injury and linebacker Jackson Dillon who was lost for the season after being hurt in the Tiger's opener.
"I know the intent was not there," said coach Mike Norvell. "I just hate to see a young man lose a game when I know their intent was not to target or to try and harm somebody."
UP NEXT
UConn: The Huskies travel to Philadelphia to take on Temple next Saturday.
Memphis: The Tigers return home to face Navy at the Liberty Bowl.
By Pat Eaton-Robb, The Associated Press
Golf-Erin Hills new major mountain for golfers to conquer
ERIN HILLS, Wisconsin, June 13 The U.S. Open is about as close as golfers get to stepping into a ring and this year they face a new contender for the sport's toughest test when they take on Erin Hills.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
May 4 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
StanChart picks Frankfurt for EU subsidiary after Brexit
on.ft.com/2paf3Zf
Facebook to hire 3,000 more moderators to check content
on.ft.com/2qADujG
RBS investors advised to vote against pay policy
on.ft.com/2pGBkiD
M&S appoints Halfords chief to run clothing unit
on.ft.com/2qAqUB0
Overview
Standard Chartered Plc is in talks with regulators about making Frankfurt its European base to secure market access to the European Union when Britain leaves the bloc.
Facebook Inc will hire 3,000 more people over the next year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts, in its most dramatic move yet to combat the biggest threat to its valuable public image.
Investor advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services has advised shareholders in Royal Bank of Scotland to vote against its remuneration policy next week because it is unclear how bonuses will be paid out to senior directors.
Marks & Spencer Group Plc said it had appointed Jill McDonald, the boss of Britain's largest bike seller, Halfords Group Plc, to run its clothing and home business, freeing chief executive Steve Rowe to focus on the overall group.
(Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Visang Education Inc :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 350 won/share to shareholders of record on Dec. 31, 2017
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/X4tqib
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Both clubs are red hot. Boston's lost one of its last 10, and even without the suspended Marchand handled St. Louis efficiently on Thursday night and pounded 46 shots at Blues goalie Jake Allen, finding all kinds of openings against one of the NHL's better defensive teams. Tuukka Rask is 17-0-2 in their last 19 starts.
The Leafs have won five out of six and four straight, and continue to build a rep as one of the NHL's best road teams despite their youth. Frederik Anderson has made more saves than any other NHL goalie. The Leafs shut out the Islanders and the Rangers this week with a slightly altered lineup that's even faster than the one they were playing with a month ago. Justin Holl has to pinch themselves every day with the week he's having, Travis Dermott might be here to stay, and Kasperi Kapanen's latest attempt to crack the lineup may prove successful. Not so long ago the Leafs wouldn't have dared go into Boston without some muscle, but now fourth-line bruiser Matt Martin can't earn a lineup spot.
Last season, meanwhile, you might have been able to say the Leafs had a brighter future than the Bruins because of all their rookies and high draft picks. But maybe not. Sweeney has aggressively swung deals to restock the team's cupboard of young players, and looks to have done very well in picking McAvoy 14th overall last year and Carlo 37th the year before. McAvoy had a bit of a scare when they had to undergo a heart procedure late last month, but he's back practising.
Pastrnak, inherited by Sweeney, has grown into a point-per-game player. No longer do you look at the Bruins and leave unable to imagine how they'll ever be able to replace the 40-year-old Chara or the 32-year-old Bergeron, both of whom are likely headed to the hall of fame.
Just like the Leafs no longer embrace the truculence program established by Brian Burke, the Bruins aren't focused on trying to be a big, mean team any more. They don't dress a heavyweight or even employ one, remarkable for a team that, starting with the Big Bad Bruins of the 1970s, established a tradition built on toughness. This season, defenceman Kevan Miller, not a particularly nasty customer, leads the team with four fights.
These aren't the days when Pat Quinn walloped Bobby Orr and nearly started a riot, or when Forbes Kennedy tried to fight the entire Boston team, or even the days of not so long ago when the Leafs dressed Colton Orr and Frazer McLaren and the Bruins would counter with Shawn Thornton, Milan Lucic and a host of willing combatants.
These are more peaceful times, and both clubs have adapted. Neither club takes a lot of penalties. The B's still have a little more grind in their game; the Leafs don't hit much and are hard to hit themselves.
Rather than stage a hockey war, the Leafs and Bruins are now more likely to stage a race. The standings would tell you they've chosen the right course, but it'll sure be a different tone than in the past if they meet in this spring's playoffs.
Damien Cox's column usually appears Tuesday and Saturday.
Toronto Star
SIENA, Italy, April 12 The chairperson of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena said on Wednesday a quorum had not been reached to proceed with an extraordinary shareholder meeting (EGM) called to reduce capital to cover losses.
Alessandro Falciai said shareholders representing just 16.3 percent of the bank's capital were present, short of the fifth of capital needed to hold the EGM.
In a reply to a shareholder question, the bank said it had received damage claims after December 31 for 522.8 million euros, bringing total claims to 640 million euros.
It said it had already made provisions for the claims. (Reporting by Stefano Bernabei, writing by Stephen Jewkes; Editing by Crispian Balmer)
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres (C) speaks to Syrian refugees during their visit to Al Zaatari refugee camp in the Jordanian city of Mafraq, near the border with Syria March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Awad
GENEVA The number of people fleeing Syria's civil war into neighbouring states and Egypt has passed the 5-million mark, data from the U.N. refugee agency showed on Thursday.
Syrians have poured across their borders into Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq since anti-government protests in 2011 spiralled into a full-blown conflict between rebels, Islamist militants, government troops and foreign backers.
After levelling off in 2016, refugee numbers rose this year following the military victory by the government and its Russian and Iranian-backed allies in the northern city of Aleppo.
"It's not about the number, it's about the people," said UNHCR spokesperson Babar Baloch, noting that the conflict had now lasted longer than World War Two. "We're trying to look for understanding, solidarity and humanity."
The five-million milestone came a year to the day after UNHCR asked other countries to start resettling at least 10 percent of the most vulnerable Syrian refugees. So far only 250,000 places have been offered.
"We're asking for more legal pathways for Syrians to travel to other countries so that they don't end up dying in the seas like in the Mediterranean," said Baloch.
Globally, almost 1.2 million refugees of all nationalities will need resettlement in 2017, 40 percent of them Syrians. Fear for their fate increased after U.S. President Donald Trump mande an executive order banning entry to all Syrian refugees - plans they have since dropped.
"The U.S has remained the largest resettlement for refugees," Baloch said. "Our hope is the focus will come back on the suffering of these desperate people and refugees and there will be solidarity and responsibility sharing by all countries."
Even greater numbers of Syrians have been driven out of their homes and are still in Syria, including tens of thousands this month, mainly women and children, trying to get away from a rebel offensive northwest of the city of Hama.
Syrians have also fled to Europe in large numbers, making 884,461 asylum claims between April 2011 and October 2016. Almost two-thirds of the claims were in Germany or Sweden.
Hundreds of thousands more live in Gulf countries that are not party to the 1951 Refugee Convention, such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, so they are not recorded as refugees.
A U.N.-led humanitarian appeal to help Syrian refugees and support host communities has received only 6 percent of the money needed this year - $298 million out of $4.6 billion.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Stephens had 17 winners to 13 unforced errors and did not face a break point.
___
7:55 p.m.
Caroline Wozniacki dropped just 25 points in their lopsided 6-1, 6-0 win over qualifier and Roland Garros debutant Georgina Garcia Perez of Spain, as the second-ranked Dane easily advanced to the third round of the French Open.
Wozniacki delivered a ruthless performance on Court Philippe Chatrier, limiting their mistakes to eight unforced errors. They did not face a break point and completed the win in 51 minutes. They put on a similar display in their opening match, hitting only 13 unforced errors in a straight-set victory.
Wozniacki won their first Grand Slam trophy at the Australian Open this year and can return to the No. 1 ranking held by Simona Halep by winning the title in Paris.
___
7:30 p.m.
The French Open is Sam Querrey's least successful Grand Slam tournament and the American bowed out early again as this year's No. 12 seed.
They were beaten 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1 by Gilles Simon of France in the second round.
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking their legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when they led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
They double-faulted. Then they tried an underhand serve — not their first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play them and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting themselves and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled their best showing at Roland Garros; they also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something they never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost their eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning their first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, their lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made their return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning their first-round match at the French Open, they are out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside their older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. They gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with their 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once they found out they could get into the main draw.
They then won their first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But they had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when they were coming back to the tour after a knife attack in their home in 2016 that left them needing surgery on their left hand, their playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in their first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which they eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up their game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in their weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto their No. 1 ranking. They won both of their previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON, April 23 White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said talks between Republicans and Democrats in Congress could reach an agreement to avoid a government shutdown as early as Sunday.
"The negotiations are ongoing and there's no reason we can't have an agreement there as early as today," Mulvaney said in an interview on Fox News Sunday.
But Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, said negotiations continue to be stuck on Trump's demand that Congress includes $1.5 billion to begin a building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, an item Democrats view as a dealbreaker. Trump has repeatedly said they wanted a wall to stem the flow of illegal immigrants.
Republicans and Democrats have until Friday to agree on a funding package to keep the federal government open until Sept. 30, when the 2017 federal fiscal year ends. Legislation will require support from Democrats to clear the Senate.
Republican Trump is expected on Wednesday to announce their tax reform plan. In one of Trump's biggest 2016 election campaign promises, the business person pledged to slash tax rates for businesses and people who pay taxes, saying that doing so would boost the economy and help create millions of new jobs.
Mulvaney said the reform plan would include governing principles and guidance on tax rates rather than policy details that could be crafted into legislation.
"What you're going to see on Wednesday for the first time is: here's what our principles are; here are some of the ideas we like, some of the ideas we don't like ... here are some of the rates we're talking about," they said.
The White House expects to see tax reform legislation sometime in June. (Reporting by David Morgan; editing by Grant McCool)
Potato, corn and tortilla chips often contain trans fat. And, while popcorn can be a healthy snack, many types of packaged or microwave popcorn use trans fat to cook or flavour the popcorn.
FRIED FOOD
Foods that require deep frying — french fries, doughnuts and fried chicken — can contain trans fat from the oil used in the cooking process.
REFRIGERATOR DOUGH
Products such as canned biscuits and cinnamon rolls often contain trans fat, as do freeze pizza crusts.
CREAMER AND MARGARINE
Nondairy coffee creamer and stick margarines also may contain partially hydrogenated vegetable oils.
READING FOOD LABELS
When you check the food label for trans fat, also check the food's ingredient list for partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. This indicates that the food contains some trans fat. Eating several portions of foods containing some trans fat may boost your total intake of trans fat to a level high enough to affect your health.
HOW LOW SHOULD YOU GO?
Trans fat, particularly the manufactured variety found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, appears to have no known health benefit. Experts recommend keeping your intake of trans fat as low as possible.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has determined that partially hydrogenated vegetable oil is no longer "generally recognized as safe" and should be phased out of the production of food over the next several years. However, naturally occurring transfats still will be found in some foods.
HOW TRANS FAT HARMS YOU
Health care providers worry about trans fat because it increases the risk for heart attacks, stroke and Type 2 diabetes. Trans fat also has an unhealthy effect on your cholesterol levels — increasing your LDL and decreasing your HDL cholesterol. If the fatty deposits within your arteries tear or rupture, a blood clot may form and block blood flow to a part of your heart, causing a heart attack, or to a part of your brain, causing a stroke.
WHAT SHOULD YOU EAT?
Foods free of transfats aren't automatically good for you. Food manufacturers may have substituted other ingredients for trans fat that may not be healthy either. Some of these ingredients, coconut, palm kernel and palm oils — contain a lot of saturated fat.
Saturated fat raises your total cholesterol. In a healthy diet, 20 to 35 per cent of your total daily calories can come from fat — but saturated fat should account for less than 10 per cent of your total daily calories.
Monounsaturated fat, which is found in olive, peanut and canola oils, is a healthier option than saturated fat. Nuts, fish and other foods containing unsaturated omega-3 fatty acids are other good choices of foods with healthy fats.
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday will sign a directive asking for a speedy probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are hurting U.S. national security, two administration officials said on Wednesday.
Trump is to sign the memorandum related to section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 at a White House event that is expected to include leaders of some U.S. steel companies. The law allows the president to impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security.
There are national security implications, one of the officials said, from imports of steel alloys that are used in products such as the armour plating of ships and require a lot of expertise to create and produce.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross launched the probe on Wednesday night. Trump's directive will ask Ross to conduct it "with all deliberate speed and deliver the results to the president with their recommendations," a second official said.
The move is another step in Trump's "America First" policies in which they have tried to boost U.S. manufacturers and preserve American jobs. It comes as they try to coax China into taking a more active role in reining in North Korea's nuclear and missile programs.
The first official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the directive is not aimed at a specific country but is "product oriented."
They said there is concern when a domestic industry is hurt by imports from a foreign entity "that hampers our ability to maintain production and maintain the expertise necessary for these high national security-concerned products, specific alloys and so forth."
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Sandra Maler)
"No more numbers. Say their names": that's the motto of a new campaign by the nonprofit Marylanders to Prevent Gun Violence.
Behind the Statistics aims to build a personal connection through portraits and essays between the public and those devastated by gun violence. We speak to Jen Pauliukonis, president of the coalition, and Cynthia "KeKe" Collins, a member of Mothers of Murdered Sons and Daughters, whose 22-year-old son was killed in a shooting.
Then: University of Baltimore law professor Michael Meyerson describes the legal challenge facing Maryland's assault-style weapons ban.
By Udeme Akpan
When the on-going fuel scarcity started towards the end of 2017, many people and organisations did not expect it to last for some reasons. First, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, expressed its determination to tackle it.
Second, other institutions, especially Department of Petroleum Resources, DPR, also swung into action to enforce compliance, targeted at eliminating all illegal practices, including hoarding and diversion of fuel to unauthorised destinations.
Unfortunately, the scarcity has not been completely tackled in all parts of Nigeria, thus calling for increased commitment of many stakeholders in public and private sectors on the nation's economy.
But the future seems bright as the Federal University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun, and Delta State have designed a modular refinery.
In an interview with Vanguard, Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Akii Ibhadode, said: “We have already designed a modular refinery. We are ready to partner with the government and others to ensure that this refinery is properly fabricated and constructed in many parts of the nation. We are desirous to be challenged by government in this sector through proper encouragement and funding to provide solutions.
‘'It will go a long way to ensuring that commercial petroleum products are refined to meet domestic demand and export to other nations.”
Other feats
In another interview, Dean of Student Affairs, Dr. Godswill Ofualagba, stated that: ‘'FUPRE has so far succeeded in the following research products: Pneumatic (air powered) electric power generator, multi-channel smart energy meter, bio-gas plant for power generation and bio ethanol plant, using palm wine.
‘'We have converted waste motor oil to diesel-like fuel, crude oil absorbent for oil spillage cleaning and software game. There have also been the design and fabrication of crude oil distillation unit to process 100 litres per hour of crude; design and production of a prototype energy efficient vehicle/go-cart for national and international competition and design and construction of a locally fabricated 50KVA fuel-less generator with an initial alternating current start-up, design of ground robotic oil spill surveillance system, researches in solar energy, among others.”
Challenges
Investigations showed that the university lacks basic facilities, apparently as a result of inadequate funding following the non-implementation of FUPRE Act 2017, which provides for the contributions of institutions such as the Petroleum Technology Development Fund, PTDF; Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board, NCDMB, and Ministry of Petroleum Resources, which are supposed to contribute two per cent of their budget to the running of the university.
Consequently, the vice chancellor indicated that “this university is lacking in basic infrastructure. It has a master plan but little or nothing has been done concerning the plan. Most of the structures you see here are temporary. We need money for laboratories, teaching aids that are relevant to the petroleum industry. We need equipment that can give a real life experience to the students as can be found in the oil field so that they can easily adapt when they are absorbed into the companies.
“We don't have an access gate; we have to go through a village to get here. We need a proper gate that will announce the presence of the university. Many people don't even know where the university is. The hostel facility can only accommodate about 30 per cent of the student population. Even the VC does not have an office. Where l am now is a temporary office.
‘'Our equipment cost a lot of money. The oil companies have not been patronising us as expected. But this is because we have not been properly funded with the necessary facilities. If they knew that we have the facilities that can solve some of their problems, they will definitely find us. However, they have a part to play and they must be part of our success story.”
Registrar of the institution, Mr. Ejikeme Ichendu, who categorised the varsity's problems into non-human and human stated: “On the non-human factor, there was a day the administrative block was blown off by rainstorm and our offices became swimming pools of sort.
“On the human factor, it seems government established this university and thereafter went to sleep. You can't deliver a baby and will not nurture it to expected growth. The more we hope that things will improve, the more things get worse. But we hope things will truly improve with the signing of the act, which gave responsibility to some agencies of government in the oil and gas industry.''
Impact
FUPRE was established to offer important programmes, including Chemical Engineering, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Marine Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Petroleum Engineering, Chemistry and Industrial Chemistry.
Others are Geology, Geophysics, Environmental and Toxicology, Mathematics, Computer Science and Physics. In addition, it runs oil and gas related professional programmes which are Centre for Maritime and Offshore Studies (in association with industry) and Centre for Safety Education (in association with Institute of Software Practitioners of Nigeria).
Dean of College of Science, Prof. Akpofure Rim-Rukeh, said: “Here, we have been managing with the little we have but we are never comfortable with this deficit. That is why we are calling on government to come to our aid so that we can deliver on our mandate.
‘'It is waste of money sending oil and gas workers and students abroad for training when we can mount the equipment here because we have the manpower to handle the trainings.”
Dean of College of Technology, Prof. Chiedu Uwabor stated: “I started my career from the University of Benin, Edo State. In all, the things we have in our laboratories are still less compared to some other schools, if not the creativity of the staff here. Here, we use an open space as automobile workshop. We don't have welding, wood and carpentry, machine workshops.
“The worst hit are Petroleum, Marine and Chemical Departments. Sadly, Petroleum which is the name of the University is struggling to survive. The department is under-staffed. The school cannot attract lecturers to the department because of low incentive compared to the industry and there are no facilities to work with. Because we are lacking in those areas, necessity has become the mother of inventions for us.''
Wise counsel
The Ovie of Uvwie kingdom, Their Royal Majesty, Dr. Emmanuel E. Sideso, who remains grateful to the Federal Government for establishing the university, stated: ‘'For the school to become one of the best, the government needs to really fund it. If we invest a lot of time and money into this university and education generally, it will solve many problems, including security challenges.”
But Toronto (0-2) finds itself at a crossroads already this season. The defending Grey Cup champions have yet to establish an identity, having struggled to mount any sort of consistency.
And now, they must try to surge ahead without their offensive leader.
The challenge for Toronto defensively will be containing Reilly, who was 22-of-30 passing for 326 yards and three TDs in rallying Edmonton (2-1) past B.C. 41-22 last week. The Lions led 11-2 heading into the second quarter but were outscored 29-3 over the second and third.
But Reilly was hardly a one-man show. Running back C.J. Gable ran for 165 yards and a TD on 23 carries while D'haquille Williams had six catches for 129 yards and a touchdown as Edmonton's offence rolled up 517 total yards.
Prediction: Edmonton.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats vs. Saskatchewan Roughriders
Thursday 9 p.m.
At Regina, Jeremiah Masoli chases a record-tying ninth straight 300-yard passing effort for Hamilton (2-1) after throwing for 369 yards and a TD in last week's 31-17 home win over Winnipeg. Saskatchewan quarterback David Watford replaced Canadian Brandon Bridge to open the second half of last week's 23-17 home loss to Montreal, but the Roughriders (1-2) have said they're going back to Bridge against Hamilton. The Als targeted Duron Carter, who had trouble covering speedy Chris Williams (three catches 130 yards, TD).
Prediction: Hamilton.
Ottawa Redblacks vs. Montreal Alouettes
Friday 7:30 p.m.
At Montreal, the Alouettes (1-2) look to build off last week's win over Saskatchewan that snapped their miserable 13-game losing streak. Jeff Mathews was 8-of-12 passing for 98 yards in relief of Drew Willy (concussion protocol). Trevor Harris completed 13-of-29 passes for 135 yards and a pick for Ottawa (1-1) in last week's 24-14 road loss to Calgary. William Powell ran for 123 yards while Greg Ellingson had six catches for 97 yards and a TD.
Prediction: Ottawa.
B.C. Lions vs. Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Saturday 8:30 p.m.
At Winnipeg, the Blue Bombers (1-2) continue to chase their first home win of the season. Rookie Chris Streveler finished 17-of-28 passing for 146 yards and no TDs — for the first time in three starts — last week against Hamilton. Veteran starter Matt Nichols has been removed from the six-game injured list, so they could be back behind centre soon. B.C. (1-1) started out well enough against Edmonton but couldn't make it stick as quarterback Jonathon Jennings finished 13-of-24 passing for 199 yards with an interception while rushing for 34 yards on five carries.
Prediction: Winnipeg.
Last week: 3-1
Overall: 8-4
By Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press
(The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are them own.)
By Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan
NEW YORK, March 28 Facundo L. Bacardi had little interest in joining the family business, which happens to be the largest privately held spirits company in the world, with a portfolio of more than 200 brands, including Bombay Sapphire, Grey Goose and Dewar's.
The great-great grandson of Bacardi company founder Don Facundo Bacardí Massó had other plans.
“When I was young, I wanted to be a lawyer,” they said. “When I got to my teens, I started thinking, “Boy, I'd really love to be a baseball player.”
As Bacardi got older, their family legacy began calling him. Now 50, they have been chairperson of the board of Bermuda-based Bacardi Limited since 2005 and a director since 1993. They spoke with Reuters to share some of the life lessons they have learned from their family - and the family business - over the years.
Q: What did growing up watching the family business teach you about finances?
A: In 1960, the entire family left Cuba because all of their assets were appropriated by the Cuban government. The family had to come together and rebuild the company. The lessons I learned were of being very frugal and careful with your finances - that you could lose everything you had at any time, that anything you have could be taken away. We were so frugal, in fact, that we were pretty much a single-brand company from 1862 until 1992 (when Bacardi acquired General Beverage, which owns the Martini & Rossi group).
Q: What changed to make you want to be a part of your family business?
A: It wasn't really something I thought about until my grandfather passed away (when Facundo Bacardi was 16). I felt that I really needed to step up. I wanted to make sure that my family was well-represented, and I wanted to continue growing the business so future generations could enjoy it. I have four daughters - hopefully they'll have children, and we'll all continue to grow the business.
Q: What did your first jobs teach you?
A: I pumped gas at a gas station - I was 14. Then I was a dishwasher at a restaurant - I was 15. Then I became a busboy at some rundown restaurant. All three of them embedded in me something that I still remember to this day: You've got to work hard. And that people who get ahead in life, it isn't just because they're smart - it's also because of opportunities. I worked with good friends, some had good opportunities while others really didn't have opportunities, and their paths diverged. I saw how quickly somebody can go from having something to having nothing.
Q: What money lessons are you passing down to your own four daughters (ages 5 to 15)?
A: It's really about saving - we opened a savings account for my oldest (when they were 13) a couple of years ago. I try to tell them if you earn X dollars, this is what the difference is between gross and net, that if you save well and invest well, you'll be able to have a more comfortable life than if you're spending everything and living paycheck to paycheck.
Q: How important to you is giving?
A: When you're fortunate, you should give back - everyone should think about how to make the earth a better place as they spend time on it. The Bacardi family has a long history in Cuba and South Florida and wherever our companies are located, we try to give back.
For me, there are a few different areas I try to focus on: education, arts, the environment, and I also like historic renovations. In Cuba, once it's completely open, I'd like to help renovate some of the existing older buildings. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Dan Grebler)
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an "altercation" at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. They were pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
MILAN, April 12 Italy's Cassa di Risparmio di Rimini (Carim) said on Wednesday its board had granted access to its books to a private equity firm that offered to buy a controlling stake in the regional bank as it seeks to fill a capital gap.
Banca Carim, one of several Italian banks grappling with the fallout of a harsh recession in the country, said its capital ratios were below the requirements demanded by the Bank of Italy.
The bank's core capital ratio stood at 6.91 percent at end-2016, below a minimum 7.80 percent threshold.
"The board has examined a (non binding) offer ... by a private equity fund willing to inject capital in exchange for control of the bank ... and has decided to grant a due diligence phase," it said.
Banca Carim said it had also been in touch with a bank deposit guarantee fund - which can use voluntary contributions from lenders for bank rescues - over a possible capital injection. (Reporting by Valentina Za, editing by Giulia Segreti)
September 28, 2017
The Seventh-Day Adventist Church in a statement on the crime situation in the country, expressed alarm at what it says is the relative ease with which guns are available in communities and are often used to commit the most heinous crimes.
As a racecourse, Doncaster has had its nose put out of joint more often than it might care for in recent years.
Traditionally, the Town Moor track has opened the Flat season via its Lincoln Handicap meeting, and also closed the campaign, via its November Handicap meeting.
But the kudos of both events has been compromised by the decisions, albeit understandable ones, to delay the start of the Flat jockeys' championship until the Guineas meeting at Newmarket in May and to create a grand, new finale to the season, Champions' Day at Ascot. What's more, the prestige of Donny's main event of the year, the St Leger Festival has also been affected by clashes with Irish racing's new Champions Weekend.
However, anyone who is led to believe the south Yorkshire course is losing its influence had better think again. Because its two big Group One contests, the St Leger and the Racing Post Trophy, are standing tall as arguably the two most important races of last season.
The quality and form of the Leger looked good at the time, but subsequent events have lent it an even greater glow, thanks to major Pattern victories for the likes of CRYSTAL OCEAN, STRADIVARIUS, REKINDLING, CORONET and DEFOE, who were all beaten by the winner, CAPRI.
Now the quality and form of the RP Trophy are shining like a beacon in the run-up to the Investec Derby at Epsom Downs on Saturday as we try to unravel the puzzle that will lead us to the 239th winner of the historic race. For the first two home, SAXON WARRIOR and ROARING LION, lock horns again and appear to be the standout colts in a fascinating, competitive field.
Only a neck separated them that day last October, yet the differential between them in the Derby market is comparatively vast, with Aidan O'Brien's colt as short as 4/6 in some places and John Gosden's grey as big as 13/2.
The reason for that, of course, is Saxon Warrior's fine performance in the meantime to land the Qipco 2,000 Guineas, when Roaring Lion was two-and-a-half lengths behind in fifth. Since then, it has been all systems go at Ballydoyle for the winner to double up in the Derby and it must be said that they fit the profile of an Epsom hero perfectly. In terms of class, they are yet to be beaten in four starts, In terms of pedigree, they seem sure to stay as the son of Japanese middle-distance superstar Deep Impact out of a Galileo dam who is related to 2011 Oaks winner Dancing Rain. And in terms of physique, O'Brien has laughed off claims that, because he's such a big-framed colt, they might not be suited to the twists and turns, ups and downs of Epsom.
Advocates of the devil might like to point out that the Guineas form has already taken knocks with disappointing runs by the fourth, Elarqam, and the sixth, Gustav Klimt, in last Saturday's Irish equivalent. They might also like to point out that the speed and turn of foot Saxon Warrior showed when winning the Guineas suggested they were a more of a natural miler than a stamina-laden stayer, which they might need to be if the ground rides Soft this weekend. They might also might like to point out that their dam, Maybe, did not handle Epsom too well when a well beaten favourite in the 2012 Oaks.
Advocates of reason might be taken more seriously than the devil's disciples if they asked if it was not worth, at the prices, taking the favourite on with Roaring Lion? The evidence so far points to there being little between the pair when they are at their peak, which Gosden's charge certainly was not in the Guineas after what the trainer described as “a hard winter” for him. They most certainly was at their best, however, 12 days later when unveiling a textbook performance to land the Dante Stakes at York. Enjoying the move up to 10f, they travelled all over a useful field, cruised into contention and quickened clear from the furlong pole.
The Dante is generally regarded as the strongest of all the Derby trials, and this was unquestionably the classiest performance of all the Derby trials this spring. Their turn of foot had also come to the fore at Doncaster where I am convinced they would have beaten Saxon Warrior but for drifting badly left, caused partly by jockey Oisin Murphy getting over-excited and applying unnecessary force from the saddle, unbalancing their mount. Roaring Lion did tend to drift left again in the Guineas, but the calm and composed way Murphy, who I rate highly, guided them home at York suggests all lessons have been learned.
A measure of how far Gosden's colt has progressed this season can be gauged by their seasonal bow in the Craven Stakes at Newmarket, where they were hammered nine lengths by MASAR and White Mocha. By the Guineas, they had reduced the deficit with the former to three-quarters of a length and by the Dante, they had completely reversed the deficit with the latter, thumping them more than 11 lengths.
My only reservation about Roaring Lion deepens with every drop of rain that falls in Surrey. As a son of Kitten's Joy out of a Street Sense mare, they have a US-based pedigree that screams top of the ground. Although they have run well on a surface with give in it, I fear genuinely Soft would put too much of a strain on their ability to stay this 12f trip.
Such stamina question-marks hover over the Derby every year, although it is a mystery why so many pundits are dismissing the claims on this score of the asupervisorstioned Masar, flagbearer for Godolphin. He's the son of one Derby winner, New Approach, out of a dam who is closely related to two others, Sea The Stars and Galileo. They might have lost more races than they have won, but he's undeniably smart and a horse who, remember, started favourite, ahead of Saxon Warrior, for the Guineas.
Even if Masar doesn't get home, the 2018 Derby is curious in that so many of the runners appear sure to stay. Both YOUNG RASCAL and KNIGHT TO BEHOLD have already proven their distance credentials by winning trials at Chester and Lingfield respectively, while DEE EX BEE, runner-up in the former race, looked a much better animal than previously, as was always expected, for a step-up in trip. Indeed, as a horse who was unlucky at Chester when bumped by Young Rascal and pushed very wide, and one who has already proven themselves at Epsom, Mark Johnston's raider appeals as an/way proposition.
Similar comments apply to Knight To Behold, the best horse ever trained by Harry Dunlop and one who has Epsom writ deep into their pedigree. He's a son of a Derby winner, Sea The Stars, while the dam is a sister to a Derby third. Even the trainer is a son of the mighty John Dunlop, who saddled two Derby victors in their pomp. Interestingly, Knight To Behold beat KEW GARDENS at Lingfield by a similar distance to that with which the O'Brien colt dished out a beating to Dee Ex Bee last October. Kew Gardens did pull off a shoe that day, though, and I would expect them to step up markedly at Epsom.
In-form handler William Haggas, who trained Shaamit to Epsom glory way back in 1996, has made it clear that Young Rascal is considered best on decent ground, although they are improving fast and is owned by Bernard Kantor, boss of race sponsors, Investec.
I suspect the same ground preferences apply to Dermot Weld's HAZAPOUR, another colt with powerful Epsom credentials on their page, given that the dam is a half-sister to Harzand, who won the great race for the same connections two years ago. The Aga Khan-owned colt improved massively on what they had achieved before when quickening smartly to land one of Ireland's most important Derby trials, the Derrinstown at Leopardstown three weeks ago.
This is a race that has been farmed by the O'Brien battalions for many years and yet their three representatives, who may all re-oppose at Epsom, DELANO ROOSEVELT, THE PENTAGON and NELSON, were firmly put in their place. Weld has booked Frankie Dettori for the ride on Saturday and Hazapour has attracted shrewd money all week, which is not surprising considering The Pentagon was the third horse home in that race we began this analysis with, the Racing Post Trophy. Furthermore, Nelson, a tough cookie who is one of the few guaranteed to relish any mud on the Downs, was only a neck behind Roaring Lion in the Royal Lodge Stakes at HQ last autumn. Piece all that form together, and there is a very persuasive case to be made for Hazapour if, and it's a big if, Soft ground does not blunt their speed.
There's no doubt the rain has put the cat among the pigeons of the chances of many of the challengers to Saxon Warrior's apparent invincibility. At the same time, it has merely strengthened the view of those who consider O'Brien's colt to be a certainty, en route to a crack at that elusive Triple Crown, via the Leger, which would bring us, ever so neatly, back to Doncaster.
INVESTEC DERBY (Saturday 4.30)
1 ROARING LION
2 HAZAPOUR
3 SAXON WARRIOR
4 Knights TO BEHOLD
INVESTEC OAKS (Friday 4.30)
1 WILD ILLUSION
2 GIVE AND Takes
3 PERFECT CLARITY
TORONTO — Five things to know about the Ontario government's throne speech:
— Hospitals: The government says it will make "significant investments" in hospital operations to cut down on wait times
— Home care: The government suggests new money will be made available to increase supports for people wanting to receive care in their homes
— Mental health and addictions: The government hints at new funding to increase supports in these areas and ensure people receive the help they need
TORONTO — The Bank of Montreal joined its peers in delivering second-quarter profits that beat expectations as Canada's Big Five banks earned a collective $10.6 billion — up nearly 11 per cent from a year ago.
Canada's biggest banks also handily beat analyst estimates for adjusted profits, brushing off concern about the impact of a cooling real estate market amid tighter mortgage lending guidelines.
"The market is in various stages of worry about the outlook for the mortgage market in particular, but the results themselves seem to indicate that a lot of that worry is misplaced," said Meny Grauman, an analyst with Cormark Securities in Toronto.
BMO was the last of the biggest banks to report its earnings for three-month period ended April 30 on Wednesday.
Its second-quarter net profit of $1.25 billion was relatively flat compared with a year ago, but included a $192-million after-tax restructuring charge primarily related to severance costs. Canada's fourth-largest lender also raised its quarterly dividend to 96 cents per share, up three cents from 93 cents in its previous quarter.
BMO said it earned $2.20 per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter, up from $1.92 per share a year ago. Analysts on average had expected the bank to earn $2.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters Eikon.
Like its rivals, BMO benefited from strong earnings on both sides of the border. Its Canadian banking arm saw net income rise 11 per cent to $590 million. And although home sales activity across the country in April hit a monthly low not seen in years, due to factors including a new stress test for uninsured mortgages as of Jan. 1 and higher interest rates, BMO's total Canadian residential mortgage portfolio grew by 2.2 per cent to $106.4 billion in the latest quarter.
"BMO's results this quarter demonstrate strong performance and momentum in our U.S. and Canadian (personal and commercial) banking and wealth businesses," said Darryl White, BMO's chief executive officer, in a statement.
The other Big Five banks generated strong earnings at home as well. TD's Canadian retail division net income was up 17 per cent compared with last year. RBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a seven per cent increase in net income, while Scotiabank's domestic banking division saw a five per cent increase and CIBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a 16 per cent increase in net income.
International growth was a bright spot for the Canadian lenders as well, and a big contributor to the $10.6 billion in net income attributable to shareholders amongst them during the quarter.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
JOHANNESBURG — Shubhankar Sharma won their first European Tour title by a shooting 3-under 69 Monday in the final round of the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
The 21-year-old Indian resumed their round on the eighth green after play was halted early Sunday afternoon because of storms. They parred that hole, birdied No. 9 and made par on every hole on the back nine.
Sharma finished at 23-under 264, three strokes ahead of the pack, and qualified for next year's British Open, too.
"I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago ... so I'm really happy that I came," said Sharma, who shot 61 in the second round. "I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa."
April 12 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Senior White House officials accused Russia of trying to cover up the suspected Syrian chemical attack last week, adding that the U.S. has concluded the Syrian military used banned sarin gas in the assault. The officials also questioned whether Russia had a role in the attack and suggested it may have known that its ally Syria was planning to use sarin. on.wsj.com/2oUqY13
- Three explosions hit a soccer team's bus just ahead of a major game in the German city of Dortmund on Tuesday, seriously injuring one player in what authorities described as a targeted attack on one of Europe's most prominent sports clubs. on.wsj.com/2oxd4Ri
- United Airlines Chief Executive Oscar Munoz apologized Tuesday for an altercation in which police forcibly removed a passenger from a flight in Chicago, seeking belatedly to quell a worldwide furor. The incident sparked outrage on social media, angered millions in United's fast-growing China market and drew condemnation on Capitol Hill. on.wsj.com/2ooY33K
- Uber Technologies Inc is losing its communications chief in the middle of a public-relations crisis for the ride-hailing company. Rachel Whetstone, who joined Uber in 2015 from Alphabet Inc's Google where they also led communications and public policy, said in a statement Tuesday they are leaving the company, without citing a reason. on.wsj.com/2oVMvqb
- The English-language version of a voice-activated "virtual assistant" that is a major feature of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's newest flagship device won't be ready to go when the Galaxy S8 smartphone arrives in U.S. stores next week, according to people familiar with the matter. on.wsj.com/2o4t6z5
- Elliott Management Corp has informed Akzo Nobel NV that it plans to call a shareholder meeting to try to oust the chairperson of the company's supervisory board, ratcheting up the pressure on the paint giant to engage in sale talks. on.wsj.com/2nCJpqQ
(Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
April 3 Newell Brands Inc
* Newell Brands finalizes Sistema acquisition and announces progress on strategic divestitures
* Newell Brands finalizes Sistema acquisition and announces progress on strategic divestitures
* Newell Brands Inc - Sistema acquisition was funded by cash on hand
* Newell Brands Inc - financial terms of both agreements were not disclosed
* Newell Brands Inc says completion of sale of Rubbermaid consumer storage business to United Solutions
* Newell Brands Inc - other previously announced divestitures are proceeding in line with expectations
* Newell Brands Inc - Newell Brands will retain all other Rubbermaid-branded products
* Newell Brands - announced signing of a definitive agreement to sell its small central European Teutonia baby stroller business to a private investor
* Newell Brands Inc - purchase price was NZ$660 million (US$460 million) and acquisition is expected to be immediately accretive to normalized earnings
* Newell Brands Inc - financial terms of agreement to sell its small central European Teutonia baby stroller business not disclosed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Eagle Materials Inc:
* Says unit received order at cement plant in fernley, nevada on Feb 7, issued by Mine Safety and Health Administration
* Eagle Materials says order stated that a mine worker was observed working on edge of pit with fall protection equipment that was being used improperly
* Says no one was injured in cited incident, and practice immediately ceased Source text - bit.ly/2pe7fIz Further company coverage:
* Fanuc contributes most to Nikkei gain
* North Korea missile launch caps gains
* U.S.-China meeting in focus
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 5 Japan's Nikkei share average rose on Wednesday morning after the yen rally paused, but financial stocks slipped on falling U.S. yields, while North Korea's launch of a ballistic missile hurt the overall market sentiment.
Investors kept to the sidelines as focus turned to a crucial meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later in the week.
The Nikkei rose 0.3 percent to 18,873.34 in mid-morning trade, after falling to a 10-week low the previous day.
"Investors are on the sidelines as they are cautious ahead of the U.S.-China meeting, Trump's economic policies and U.S. jobs data," said Takuya Takahashi, a strategist at Daiwa Securities.
"It may take a while for the Nikkei to trade above the 19,000-mark again and stay above that line."
While gains were limited, index-heavyweight Fanuc Corp soared 3.2 percent, adding 28 points to the benchmark index.
North Korea fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday from its east coast into the sea off the Peninsula, South Korea's military said, ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders who are set to discuss Pyongyang's arms programme.
Market participants said that overall impact from North Korea's missile launch is limited to the market although it has made investors averse to risk.
Automakers continued to slip as dismal March U.S. auto sales dragged on sentiment. Toyota Motor Corp dropped 1.2 percent and Honda Motor Co shed 1.9 percent.
Banks and insurers, which seek higher yielding products, underperformed after benchmark U.S. Treasury yields touched their lowest in more than five weeks.
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group declined 1.3 percent, Mizuho Financial Group fell 0.9 percent and Dai-ichi Life Holdings tumbled 1.6 percent.
The broader Topix was flat at 1,504.31 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 was flat at 13,468.21. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company, please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek@haymarket.com or +44 (0) 208 267 4629. Or visit our subscribe page.
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
April 12 Novan Inc
* Novan reports positive topline results with SB208 in phase 2 trial
* Novan Inc - SB208 gel, at both 4% and 16% concentrations, demonstrated a statistically significant effect (p<0.05) versus vehicle in a clinical trial
* "Results from this phase 2 trial with SB208 confirm fungicidal activity of nitric oxide observed in our preclinical studies"
* Novan - Based on data from SB208 phase 2 dose-ranging trial, co will evaluate late stage development opportunities in superficial cutaneous fungal infections
* Novan - Will evaluate opportunities such as a phase 2 trial in patients with onychomycosis, to be initiated as early as second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds details on mutual funds and ETFs, analyst quote, table, byline) By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, March 30 Investors grew more confident during the latest week, reversing last week's withdrawals from U.S.-based stock funds, data from Lipper showed on Thursday. Stock funds in the United States attracted $1.8 billion over the week ended March 29, including $402 million in domestic funds and $1.4 billion invested abroad, the research service's data showed. Last week, reeling from a breakdown of the effort by U.S. President Donald Trump and their Republican party to dismantle Obamacare, investors pulled $4.8 billion from domestic equity funds. Markets have rebounded in recent days, with the Nasdaq Composite index gaining for five straight days against a backdrop of strong economic data. Healthcare sector funds were a winner during the latest week, pulling in $96 million and breaking a two-week streak of outflows. "People were betting the economy's going to do OK and this was just a bump in the road," said Tom Roseen, head of research services at Thomson Reuters Lipper. "I'm not sure that all the investors believe that it was a total defeat and that their agenda is going to fall." But bank sector funds posted $611 million in outflows, their third week in a row of withdrawals, and the continued unwinding of a trade that has been popular since Trump's election amid promises of regulatory cuts. Energy sector funds posted $267 million in outflows, the largest withdrawals since January. Oil prices have been pummeled this month but staged a bit of a rebound this week. The stream of cash flowing into international stock funds has lasted the better part of the year as investors shift some exposure from pricey U.S. stocks. Investors are finding relative bargains in Europe and emerging markets as global growth seems to take hold. U.S.-based emerging markets stock funds gathered $1.1 billion in their 13th consecutive week of inflows. European stock funds reeled in $934 million and the most cash since June 2015 despite Britain formally announcing its intention to leave the European Union and a two-round French vote starting April 23 that has also jolted markets. Bond funds remained popular, attracted $5.6 billion during the week. Investment-grade corporate bond funds pulled in $4 billion, their 15 straight week of inflows. But concerns about lofty valuations in riskier debt persist. High-yield junk bond funds posted $248 million in withdrawals, the fourth week of outflows in the past five, according to Lipper. The following is a broad breakdown of the flows for the week, including mutual funds and exchange-traded funds: Sector Flow Chg % Assets Assets Count ($blns) ($blns) All Equity Funds 1.785 0.03 5,792.521 11,696 Domestic Equities 0.402 0.01 4,106.706 8,358 Non-Domestic Equities 1.383 0.08 1,685.816 3,338 All Taxable Bond Funds 5.577 0.23 2,385.936 5,914 All Money Market Funds -1.623 -0.07 2,322.917 1,032 All Municipal Bond Funds 0.265 0.07 373.738 1,410 (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
| October 3, 2017 | Calendar
Premium Italian beer brand Peroni Nastro Azzurro and GRAMMY® award-winning singer-songwriter and multi- instrumentalist St. Vincent will debut the first ever LA edition of The House of Peroni. Originally kicking off in New York City as a three day pop-up in early October, The House of Peroni is designed to spotlight a dynamic mix of forward-thinking artists and craftsman. Drawing inspiration from Italy's eccentric 'Memphis' design movement, the whimsy of iconic film director Federico Fellini, and the vibrancy of modern Italian culture, St. Vincent has collaborated with visionaries across a range of artistic mediums to create a meeting place for collaboration and inspiration. Collaborators include celebrated poet and artist Robert Montgomery, set designer Lauren Machen, cult Italian photographer and filmmaker Fabio Paleari, and bespoke hatmaker Brandon M Franklin, among others. The space will be traveling to Los Angeles for one day only, featuring a special performance from popular DJ duo, Poolside. October 19th, from 7pm-11pm at 101/EXHIBIT Gallery, 668 N. La Peer Dr. For more information, please visit: https://www.houseofper oniusa.com/
May 2 Cloud-based communication software maker Twilio Inc forecast a larger-than-expected adjusted loss for the full year, sending its shares down 30 percent in after-market trading.
The company forecast adjusted full-year loss of 27 cents-30 cents, well below analysts' average estimate of a loss of 16 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Twilio also said it was seeing some changes in its relationship with its largest customer, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Lawson said in a statement on Tuesday.
San Francisco-based Twilio's customers include WhatsApp, which accounted for about 9 percent of the company's revenue in 2016 and 17 percent in 2015.
Revenue jumped 47.2 percent to $87.4 million in the first quarter.
Net loss attributable to stockholders increased to $14.2 million from $6.5 million.
On a per-share basis, that translated to a loss of 16 cents, compared with a loss of 37 cents a year-earlier, due to a higher share count.
Excluding items, the company reported a loss of 4 cents per share. Analysts on average had estimated a loss of 6 cents per share.
The company's shares were down 29.6 percent at $23.9 in after-market trading. Through Tuesday's close, the stock had gained about 18 percent this year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
March 31 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Jeffrey Immelt, General Electric's chief executive, says climate change is real, a position at odds with the Trump administration. nyti.ms/2nBPPmx
- Volkswagen took another step to move past its emissions-cheating scandal by agreeing to pay $157 million to 10 states in the United States to settle environmental lawsuits. nyti.ms/2nFWGx0
- By a single vote, the Senate gave final approval on Thursday to a measure to block cities and counties from organizing retirement savings accounts for workers who have no access to employer-sponsored plans. nyti.ms/2nBN98s
- Palmer Luckey, a founder of the virtual-reality technology company Oculus, has left Facebook three years after the social network acquired their company for close to $3 billion. nyti.ms/2nG0Ghd
(Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru)
April 13 Zoneco Group Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to buy remaining 49 percent stake in shipbuilding JV from Japanese firm Yamaha Motor Co Ltd, at $1
* Says co will own 100 percent stake in the JV after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/L7cvD3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIRUT Warplanes pounded rebel-held areas north of the Syrian city of Hama on Thursday in an escalation of air strikes, a rebel official and a monitor said, as government forces fought to reverse the insurgents' biggest assault in months.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a doctor said air strikes near the town of Latamneh, northwest of Hama, had led several people to choke, saying it was a sign of a gas attack. A Syrian military source denied the army had used any such weapons, branding the reports as rebel propaganda.
Rebel groups, spearheaded by jihadist insurgents from the former al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front but also including Free Syrian Army (FSA) groups, launched their attack on government-held areas near Hama last week.
The area is of vital importance to President Bashar al-Assad, who with the support of Russia and Iran has the military upper hand there.
The observatory, a Britain-based war monitoring group, said jets had hit several rebel towns on Thursday, including Soran and Khattab, both captured by insurgents at the start of the offensive.
The Syrian military source said the army was conducting attack operations in the area and had seized the initiative back from the rebels.
CHEMICAL ATTACK?
Speaking to Reuters from Turkey, Abdallah Darwish, head of the health authority for rebel-held parts of Hama province, said air strikes in the south of Latamneh on Thursday morning had injured many people.
"The bombardment had a substance that caused intense irritation, heavy foaming from the mouth, and constricting pupils," said Darwish, citing their medical staff on the ground.
A chemical attack hit the same area on Saturday, killing an orthopedic doctor, Darwish added.
The Syrian military source said the allegations that government forces were using chemical weapons were "devoid of truth".
"The army has not, will not, and does not need to use these weapons," the source said.
A joint inquiry for the United Nations and the global chemical weapons watchdog has previously accused government forces of toxic gas attacks. Damascus has repeatedly denied using such weapons during the six-year-old war.
Mohammed Rasheed, a spokesperson for the Jaish al-Nasr rebel group fighting in Hama under the FSA banner, said government and Russian "air strikes have been ramped up terribly".
"The Russian warplanes have not stopped since last night," they said.
While the rebels have been on the back foot in recent months, their latest attack has shown the challenges facing the army and allied militia in fighting on numerous fronts at once.
Rebel groups also clashed with government forces along several front lines in rural Hama on Thursday.
(Reporting by Ellen Francis and Tom Perry; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Brendan O'Rourke: design manager at Brite:Bill.
With all the controversies surrounding inaccurate bills and bill shock, the need to overhaul billing communications is increasingly well understood among organizations. However, this isn't just a technical issue, getting the design of a bill right makes the bill easier to understand, more attractive to read and results in real business benefits.
Billing communications have been the traditional bearers of unwanted tidings, the dull spreadsheet detailing consumption ending in a demand for cash, but the days of biller neglect of this powerful channel are ending. Organizations are starting to notice that attractively presented, clear and personalized bills enable users to understand their consumption better, result in fewer call center interactions and create greater customer satisfaction as well as providing a regular means for organizations to communicate with customers.
The design of the bill is the customer's window into their relationship with the biller. In the telecoms industry, this window contains a growing number of different data points as the services provided proliferate and more onetime transactions become part of the billing mix. In other sectors, such as utilities, digital transformation and industry changes are driving bill complexity. Electricity bills, for example, now feature information on electricity being provided to the grid from home-owners' renewable energy generation alongside their consumption. This complexity is breeding the need for greater clarity in data presentation.
Complexity needs clarity
Greater depth of information delivered in a clear and attractive way is the self-evident function of effective design. However, good design cannot be an afterthought added retrospectively to billing communications. A billing communications platform needs to be constructed with presentation in mind. It's not just about selecting pretty colors, although the science behind color choice is important.
“Being design-led means always thinking about how your design affects the end user, and putting them first,” explains Brendan O'Rourke, the design manager at Brite:Bill. “We don't constrain design by force-fitting it to our technology, instead our technology works to support our customers' chosen bill designs.”
The process of creating excellent design begins with gaining a better understanding of the customer organization's needs which forms the foundation upon which design-led billing communications can be developed. “We follow a process of detailed scoping and analyzing with our customers. Here we work with different parts of the business including brand, IT, sales and legal so we gather a complete understanding of what the business wants to achieve from a bill design,” adds O'Rourke. “We then enter an iterative design phase where we consult on elements like bill aesthetics, language and the major billing pain points. Here we will always be an advocate for the end user, meaning all design discussions or debates should answer to ‘what information is most important for the end user?' and ‘what's the best way to communicate and display this?'.”
Analysis first, hardware later
Brite:Bill draws on many years experience of working with service providers and the team of designers is subject-matter experts when it comes to information design and presentment. Brite:Bill typically will deploy its bill analysis technology to understand the operator's existing bills and products, thereby ensuring that it is familiar with the data that is available to support a list of design scenarios.
“Our experience tells us what works and what doesn't. Once we are familiar with the billing data that's available, we draw on our past deployments and make recommendations on where we can enhance specific pieces of communication.” says O'Rourke. “We work towards an optimal bill design, then technology-wise we identify how we achieve this, for example, what extra data feeds are required.”
The design process moves through three distinct stages: first Brite:Bill undertakes aesthetic enhancement, then it focuses on presenting engaging customer data and then it addresses functional customer messaging. Only then does attention turn to the technical side of the deployment. “We believe good design should be invisible. We don't expect plaudits for designing a bill, but if a user is frustrated in any way in trying to understand a piece of communication, then there are faults in the design that we need to fix,” explains O'Rourke.
The important aspect of the design-led approach is to focus first on design before technical and development teams become involved. “We're not working in a technically constrained way,” confirms O'Rourke. “The focus of our work is to try and solve problems for the provider's users and we wouldn't want to be restricted by what we can and can't use. We look ahead at what customers want and solve the technical challenges later.”
However, O'Rourke does acknowledge that the technical challenges are significant. “Obviously there are technical constraints but our mission is first to solve the customers' billing communication problems,” they say. “A legacy system will output lots of mismatches in package descriptions on the bill, for example, causing confusion to the end user when they see a different package name to the plan they signed up for. This is a big issue. We work ahead to recategorise the way organisations' billing information is displayed and to make sure each customer's bill contains what they would expect to see.”
There are also business priorities that must be considered. “As well as system constraints, our design experts will work towards cost saving business goals,” explains O'Rourke. “For example, some operators only print using one colour so we draw on our experience to maximize the impact of single-color billing communications. Other operators' priorities are to reduce the number of pages they print and send so we work to condense the vital information into a smaller amount of space.”
Being design-led means Brite:Bill is able to determine where improvements can be made, identify what organizations' current bills are missing and make sure new bills provide a friendly, informative communications channel between provider and customer. That's a striking contrast to the impersonal, hard to read, visually unappealing bills traditionally sent out by organizations.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — Sagaba Konate scored 19 points and No. 15 West Virginia ended a three-game losing streak, beating Kansas State 89-51 on Saturday.
James "Beetle" Bolden added 13 points in their first career start, Teddy Allen had 12 points off the bench and Wes Harris had 10 for West Virginia (17-6, 6-5 Big 12).
Dean Wade scored 17 points and Xavier Sneed had 16 for Kansas State (16-7, 5-5).
The Wildcats never led, were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers (15) than field goals (14).
West Virginia coach Bob Huggins had been critical of their team for not guarding better in a 93-77 loss Wednesday at Iowa State, the most points the Mountaineers have allowed in a Big 12 game.
Things improved significantly Saturday.
West Virginia's pressure defence was effective and the Mountaineers got a rare win after holding a double-digit lead over the past month. West Virginia has had such leads in five of its last seven games but has won just twice.
Konate took advantage of the Big 12's worst rebounding team. Over a 1:15 stretch late in the game, the 6-foot-8 sophomore scored off a rebound, made two free throws and threw down a dunk as part of a 13-0.
BIG PICTURE
West Virginia: The Mountaineers shot 61 per cent (14 of 23) from the floor after halftime in beating Kansas State for the eighth time in their last nine meetings. They didn't look like the stumbling squad that struggled to a 3-5 record in January after rising to the No. 2 ranking in the AP Top 25 on Jan. 8.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals.
The league announced the group Wednesday.
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer.
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba.
China's satellite sends unbreakable cipher from space
by Staff Writers
Beijing (XNA) Aug 14, 2017
"Micius has ushered in the construction of global quantum communication, the study of space quantum physics and experimental verification of quantum gravity theories. It helps China's race to control the command point of quantum science and technology, and enables China to become a leader in the field," Bai said.
Chinese scientists have become the first to realize quantum key distribution from a satellite to the ground, laying the foundation for building a hack-proof global quantum communication network.
The achievement based on experiments conducted with the world' s first quantum satellite, Quantum Experiments at Space Scale (QUESS), was published in the authoritative academic journal Nature on Thursday.
The Nature reviewers commented that the experiment was an impressive achievement, and constituted a milestone in the field.
Nicknamed "Micius," after a 5th Century B.C. Chinese philosopher and scientist who has been credited as the first person ever to conduct optical experiments, the 600-kilogram-plus satellite was sent into a sun-synchronous orbit at an altitude of 500 kilometers on Aug. 16, 2016.
Pan Jianwei, lead scientist of QUESS and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), said the satellite sent quantum keys to ground stations in Xinglong, in north China's Hebei Province, and Nanshan, near Urumqi, capital of northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
The communication distance between the satellite and the ground station varies from 645 kilometers to 1,200 kilometers, and the quantum key transmission rate from satellite to ground is up to 20 orders of magnitude more efficient than that expected using an optical fiber of the same length, said Pan.
When the satellite flies over China, it provides an experiment window of about 10 minutes. During that time, the 300 kbit secure key can be generated and sent by the satellite, according to Pan.
"That, for instance, can meet the demand of making an absolute safe phone call or transmitting a large amount of bank data," Pan said.
"Satellite-based quantum key distribution can be linked to metropolitan quantum networks where fibers are sufficient and convenient to connect numerous users within a city over 100 km. We can thus envision a space-ground integrated quantum network, enabling quantum cryptography- most likely the first commercial application of quantum information- useful at a global scale," Pan said.
The establishment of a reliable and efficient space-to-ground link for faithful quantum state transmission paves the way to global-scale quantum networks, they added.
Hack-Proof Communication
Private and secure communications are highly sought after. Traditional public key cryptography usually relies on the perceived computational intractability of certain mathematical functions.
But a powerful quantum computer, which scientists around the world are still developing, is viewed as a threat in that it could make everything on a conventional computer hackable.
However, like a coin with two sides, quantum mechanics also serves as protector of information.
By harnessing quantum entanglement, the quantum key technology is used in quantum communications, ruling out the possibility of wiretapping and perfectly securing the communication.
Pan explained that a quantum key is formed by a string of random numbers generated between two communicating users to encode information. Once intercepted or measured, the quantum state of the key will change, and the information being intercepted will self-destruct.
An eavesdropper on the quantum channel attempting to gain information on the key will inevitably introduce disturbance to the system, and can be detected by the communicating users, said Pan.
Breaking Limits In Space
In practice, the achievable distance for quantum key distribution has been limited to a few hundred kilometers, due to the loss of photons in transmission through optical fibers, Pan said.
"If we transmit the quantum key through a 1,200-km fiber, even with a perfect single-photon source and ideal single-photon detectors, we would obtain only a 1-bit sifted key over six million years," Pan said.
A more direct and promising solution for global-scale quantum key distribution is through satellites. Transmitting photons between the satellite and ground stations greatly broadens the reach of quantum communication, Pan said.
Compared with terrestrial channels, the satellite-to-ground connection has significantly reduced losses. This is mainly because the effective thickness of the atmosphere is 10 km, and most of the photon's transmission path is in empty space with negligible absorption and turbulence.
Scientists expect quantum communications to fundamentally change human development in the next two or three decades, as there are enormous prospects for applying the new generation of communication in fields like defense, military and finance.
China's Quantum Leap
In the same issue of Nature, another experiment, the ground-to-satellite quantum teleportation, conducted via Micius, was also published. In June, the same team's experiment in distribution of entangled photon pairs over 1,200 kilometers was published as a cover article in the academic journal Science.
Chinese scientists have completed all the experiments designed for Micius a year ahead of schedule.
Karl Ziemelis, chief physical sciences editor at Nature, said that with the publication of these new papers, Pan and their colleagues have completed their demonstration of a trio of quantum experiments that will be central to any global space-based quantum Internet.
"I mean you could say that the sky's the limit for quantum technologies, but that is a little bit conservative actually. They've gone beyond the sky with these latest experiments. And it's a testament to China's investments and significant efforts in the physical sciences that this group has been able to push research in practical quantum communication technologies to such an astronomical height," said Ziemelis.
CAS president Bai Chunli said the achievements show China has reached a leading position in the field of quantum communication research.
"Micius has ushered in the construction of global quantum communication, the study of space quantum physics and experimental verification of quantum gravity theories. It helps China's race to control the command point of quantum science and technology, and enables China to become a leader in the field," Bai said.
In addition to Micius, China has launched a series of space science satellites, including the Dark Matter Particle Explorer, the recoverable satellite SJ-10, and the Hard X-ray Modulation Telescope, over the past two years.
Bai said China plans to launch more space science satellites in the next five to 10 years, focusing on the frontiers of science, such as the study of the origin of the universe, black holes, gravitational waves, exoplanets, resources exploration of the solar system and solar storms.
The implementation of these projects is expected to bring more scientific breakthroughs, and help China to become a powerful nation in the field of science and technology, Bai said.
Source: Xinhua News
Beijing (XNA) Jul 07, 2017
The communications satellite Zhongxing-9A has entered its preset orbit over two weeks after its launch on June 19. Abnormal performance was identified during the third phase of the Long March-3B launch, which failed to deliver the satellite as planned. The satellite conducted 10 orbit adjustments with its onboard thrusters and Wednesday reached its preset orbit at 101.4 degrees east ... read more
Related Links
April 3 The battle to avoid relegation from the Premier League is likely to go down to the final game of the season, Swansea City manager Paul Clement has said after their club were held to a goalless draw by fellow strugglers Middlesbrough on Sunday.
Swansea is one point and one place above the drop zone, with Hull City, Middlesbrough and Sunderland occupying the bottom three spots.
"I think it will go right down to the final games of the season, if not the final game," Clement told British media.
"And we have to be well prepared and give our best in every individual game we have."
The point earned by Middlesbrough was their first in four games and Clement said only time would tell whether Swansea would regret not taking all three points at home.
"I do not know if it will be a decent point, I hope so come the end of the season," they added
Clement is hoping leading scorer Fernando Llorente will recover from an ankle injury before they host second-placed Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday.
"You do miss them because he's a big focal point," they added.
"He has an ankle issue which I'm hoping won't keep them out for very long so Wednesday is achievable but he's still a doubt for the game."
Spurs, who trail leaders Chelsea by seven points, have won their last four league games, while Swansea are unbeaten at home since a 4-0 defeat to Arsenal in January. (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford; )
April 5 Jernigan Capital Inc
* Jernigan Capital Inc - On April 5, 2017, co and Jernigan Capital Operating Company, LLC entered into an equity distribution agreement
* Jernigan Capital Inc - Company may offer common stock, $0.01 par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $50 million Source text: [bit.ly/2nLuh6n] Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
BOSTON, April 28 The Massachusetts attorney general sued a unit of Ocwen Financial Corp on Friday, accusing the mortgage servicing company of engaging in abusive practices that harmed thousands of homeowners in the state.
The lawsuit, filed in Suffolk County Superior Court, came a week after the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Florida attorney general and more than 20 state banking regulators took action against Ocwen.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey said Ocwen Loan Servicing LLC charged homeowners for unnecessary forced-place insurance policies, hit delinquent borrowers with excessive fees and failed to process escrow and insurance payments.
"It is alarming that one of the nation's largest mortgage loan servicers has proven itself to be incapable of properly handling homeowners' mortgages in Massachusetts," Healey said in a statement.
Ocwen, one of the United States' largest nonbank mortgage servicers, in a statement said that it was reviewing the matter and intended to vigorously defend itself.
The lawsuit followed a similar case brought by the CFPB on April 20, accusing Ocwen of widespread misconduct in how it serviced borrowers' loans, from foreclosure abuses to a basic failure to send accurate monthly statements.
CFPB officials said Ocwen and its subsidiaries have failed to clean up their act, even after reaching a settlement with the agency and states in 2013 to provide $2.1 billion in relief to harmed borrowers because of similar violations.
The CFPB's lawsuit was filed as more than 20 state banking regulators, including the Massachusetts Division of Banks, issued orders or charges to subsidiaries of Ocwen to address violations of state and federal laws.
Ocwen on Wednesday filed a legal challenge to the CFPB that argued the agency was not legal under the U.S. constitution. Ocwen has also filed lawsuits to block the actions by the Massachusetts and Illinois banking regulators. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Leslie Adler)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
A few months ago, I wrote a piece about how my bicycle was stolen from outside my apartment in Brooklyn. It went viral.
In short, the story is this: I painted a huge sign and left it for the thief. My doorbell rang several times over the next few days with different people trying to help me, including some kids who gave me a kids bike, a woman who gave me a hug and an art dealer who bought my painted sign for $200 — the value of my bike. Ultimately, it was a story about humanity. It even had a hashtag, #KarmaCycle.
After my essay was published in The Washington Post, the worldwide media attention came quickly. For a girl who grew up watching Carson Daly on MTV in the mid-90s, hearing them say my name on the "Today" show was a big deal. But as a woman who regularly hears the phrase "fake news" thrown around, I got a firsthand look. While most news outlets got it right, some got it wrong.
My story was twisted by a few places, including a slide show that aired of a painter (supposedly me; I am not a painter) getting assaulted by a robber (what?) while riding their bike. It was in Spanish.
The mistakes were entertaining, but the essence of the story remained: It was about inspired strangers working within their means to help each other. Back in Brooklyn, I felt the need to bring the goodwill story full circle.
To begin with, I had a kid's bike to give away, given to me by Stranger #1. I called dozens of local elementary and middle schools asking if they knew a kid who needed a bike. Some people were skeptical. Why are you giving away a bike? What's wrong with it? Others thought it was great, but couldn't fathom what to do with it. How should we decide who deserves it? Do you have one for everyone?
Doing good was going to be harder than I thought.
Then there was the question of the $200 from Stranger #3. I wanted to buy a bike, but I didn't want the bucks to (literally) stop with me. I don't consider myself a biker (no clip-ins or padded spandex here), but I love biking in New York City, and I'm shocked at how many of my friends don't have bikes.
I'm a video producer, so I decided to make a short film about my bike hunt to expose people to some of NYC's bike resources — and to have a little fun.
That's when CitiBike called.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - The Malaysian franchise of McDonald's Corp (MCD.N) said it was “disappointed” with calls on social media to boycott the fast food restaurant chain in apparent retaliation to the United State's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
The corporate logo of McDonald's Corp fast food chain is seen on display in the Malaysian town of Pekan May 4, 2013. REUTERS/Bazuki Muhammad
Social media users in the Muslim-majority country called on boycotting various U.S. companies following U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to relocate the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a city important to both Israelis and Muslims.
One user of Twitter Inc's (TWTR.N) microblogging platform, TheUsopIbrahim, stated without citing sources that U.S.-headquartered McDonald's “channeled funds to Israel”. The post has been retweeted 320 times and “liked” 138 times. TheUsopIbrahim did not respond to a Reuters request for comment.
McDonald's Malaysia, in a statement on Facebook Inc's (FB.O) social media platform on Saturday, said the chain does not support or engage in any political or religious conflicts.
“The claim that McDonald's channels funds to Israel are a false accusation, a lie, fake and slanderous. The charges made by an irresponsible party in (Facebook‘s) Whatsapp messages are also unsubstantiated,” said Azmir Jaafar, managing director and operating partner of franchisee Gerbang Alaf Restaurants Sdn Bhd, without specifying any social media posts.
Azmir also said Gerbang's largest shareholder is Muslim. The Malaysian and Singaporean franchise rights were bought by Saudi Arabia's Lionhorn Pte Ltd a year ago, as part the U.S. parent's strategy of moving away from direct ownership in Asia.
The Malaysian franchise also faced boycott calls in 2014 when social media posts alleged, without citing sources, that the restaurant chain was helping fund Israeli attacks on Gaza. The company denied the allegation.
On Friday, Malaysian protesters condemned the U.S. action, burning an effigy of Trump in front of the American embassy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Comforia Residential Reit Inc
* Says it acquired properties for 7.83 billion yen on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/g82HKK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TOKYO, March 30 Japan's Nikkei share average dropped on Thursday pressured by a pause in the weakening yen trend, while semiconductor equipment makers firmed on gains in the Nasdaq market overnight.
The Nikkei shed 0.8 percent to 19,063.22.
The broader Topix slipped 0.9 percent to 1,527.59 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 declined 2.0 percent to 13,651.02. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Horizon Global Corp
* Horizon Global reports financial results for the first quarter 2017; raises full-year 2017 earnings per share guidance and announces share repurchase program
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $0.50 to $0.60
* Sees Q2 2017 earnings per share $0.61 to $0.66
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $235 million to $245 million
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.17
* Q1 loss per share $0.41
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Horizon Global Corp - Westfalia integration and synergies on track
* Horizon Global Corp sees first half 2017 diluted earnings per share between $0.23 and $0.28
* Horizon Global Corp sees first half 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.52 and $0.57
* Horizon Global Corp sees full-year 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share between $0.94 and $1.04
* Horizon Global Corp - for full-year 2017, company expects revenue growth of 30 to 35 percent
* FY2017 earnings per share view $0.93, revenue view $859.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.48, revenue view $242.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Horizon Global Corp qtrly net sales $203.3 million versus $146.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Brazilian meatpacker JBS on Friday said it will release results for the second quarter on Monday without an auditing report.
In a filing to Brazil's market regulator, the company said that the auditing report will only be concluded when a leniency deal closed by J&F, its controlling shareholder, is approved by Brazilian prosecutors. JBS said earnings of its subsidiaries abroad such as JBS USA and Moy Park will be released with auditing reports. (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Sandra Maler)
FARMVILLE, Va. — Scottie James scored 26 points and grabbed nine rebounds and Liberty notched its third-straight win, downing Longwood 67-55 on Saturday.
Lovell Cabbil added 10 points and four rebounds for the Flames (15-10, 6-6 Big South). Caleb Homesley scored nine points with four assists and five steals and led the team with 10 rebounds.
A 3-point play by James capped a 12-5 start for the Flames. Cabbil sank a 3-pointer and Ezra Talbert made a dunk in the final 34 seconds to give them a 32-26 edge at halftime.
Liberty led throughout the second half and James hit a jumper and a layup back-to-back early to help stretch it to 42-26 with 15:36 to play. Later, Cabbil and James traded 3-pointers for a 59-45 advantage with 3:41 left.
* NZME and Fairfax own 90 pct of New Zealand newspapers
* Merger would reduce quality, diversity: regulator
* NZME shares slump as much as 16 pct, Fairfax loses up to 3.2 pct (Recasts, adds company and analyst comments)
By Charlotte Greenfield and Jamie Freed
WELLINGTON/SYDNEY, May 3 New Zealand's competition regulator blocked the planned merger of the nation's two largest publishing groups, saying the deal would have led to unprecedented local media influence and built the world's most concentrated newspaper market outside of China.
The decision will force NZME Ltd and Fairfax Media Ltd's New Zealand unit to find alternative strategies to deal with heavy competitive pressure and the loss of advertising dollars to digital rivals such as Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc.
NZME and Fairfax control nearly 90 percent of New Zealand's newspapers and clearance for the deal could have set a precedent for increased concentration in the future in neighbouring Australia, where Rupert Murdoch's News Corp and Fairfax are the dominant players and are under similar financial stress.
New Zealand Commerce Commission (NZCC) Chairman Mark Berry said the planned merger would have concentrated media ownership and influence to an "unprecedented extent" for a well-established modern liberal democracy.
“Having reviewed all the evidence, our primary concerns remain that this merger would be likely to reduce both the quality of news produced and the diversity of voices (plurality) available for New Zealanders to consume," they said in a statement on Wednesday.
The competition watchdog had twice delayed its final decision as it heard arguments from the two companies on why the increasing media diversity from the growing number of digital operations meant the deal should be allowed to go ahead.
NZME owns the Auckland-based New Zealand Herald, the country's top-selling newspaper, and Fairfax publishes the main papers in the other major cities, Wellington and Christchurch, as well as popular website stuff.co.nz.
Under the proposed deal, NZME would have paid NZ$55 million for Fairfax's New Zealand operations. It would also have issued new shares to allow Fairfax to hold a 41 percent stake in NZME.
Combining the assets would have helped to cut costs by up to NZ$200 million ($138.98 million) over five years, the two companies said.
Fairfax Chief Executive Greg Hywood said their company would focus on cost cutting in New Zealand after the NZCC decision. "Further publishing frequency changes and consolidation of titles is an inevitability," they said in a statement.
NZME Chief Executive Michael Boggs told Radio NZ their company could consider buying some of Fairfax's smaller papers if they were divested.
Daniel Mueller, a senior analyst at Forager Funds Management which owns a 9 percent stake in NZME, said that company was in a stronger position than Fairfax in New Zealand because it also had sizeable radio assets and more potential for online growth.
"We think they can stabilize earnings for the medium term rather than some other media companies that are in pretty rapid decline," they said.
Fairfax and NZME have the option of appealing the NZCC decision to the High Court within 20 business days.
NZME shares fell as much as 16 percent on Wednesday, while Fairfax shares were down as much as 3.2 percent.
Separately, Fairfax said on Wednesday it would shed another 125 jobs at its Australian newspapers. The union representing journalists at Fairfax in Australia said staff had voted to strike work for seven days as a result of the cuts.
A Fairfax spokesperson did not respond immediately to a request for comment. ($1 = 1.4391 New Zealand dollars) (Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield and Jamie Freed; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
March 31Zhejiang Yatai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 55 percent to 95 percent, or to be 37.5 million yuan to 47.2 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 24.2 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are decreased financial expense and contribution from subsidiary
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/euMmeA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra poses after an interview with Reuters in Singapore February 23, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su
BANGKOK Thai tax authorities have sent ousted former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra a whopping 17 billion baht ($494 million) tax bill over the sale of shares in a telecoms company more than a decade ago, their lawyer said on Tuesday.
The claim is over the sale of shares in Shin Corp. to Singapore's Temasek Holdings [TEM.UL].
Thaksin's legal team would appeal to the revenue department within 30 days, their lawyer, Noppadon Pattama, told reporters.
"We need to exercise our right to appeal to show that no legal miracle can happen to collect tax from Dr Thaksin," they said.
Allies of Thaksin say the new tax claim is politically motivated. They have lived in exile since being overthrown in 2006 to avoid corruption charges, but their populist movement remains at the heart of political division in Thailand.
Defence Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters the tax claim was not aimed at bullying the Shinawatras.
A court ruled against an attempt by tax authorities to claim 12 billion baht ($350 million) from the share sale from Thaksin's children in 2010, Noppadon said. The court said they could not be taxed because the shares were owned by Thaksin and their wife, they said.
Noppadon said that the sale of the shares was tax exempt because it was done through the stock exchange.
The army overthrew the government led by Thaksin's sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, in 2014 in the name of ending political turmoil.
Last month, the junta started reconciliation hearings with political parties ahead of elections that could happen as early as next year, but those talks do not touch on Thaksin's fate.
($1 = 34.4 baht)
(Reporting by Aukkarapon Niyomyat and Pracha Hariraksapitak; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Nick Macfie)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) " Dubai's ruler has announced that the sheikhdom which is home to the world's tallest skyscraper will build a new 1,400-berth marina and massive lighthouse along its coast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum made the surprise announcement Monday about the Dubai Harbor.
The harbor is planned to be over 20 million square feet (1.86 million square meters) and will include a cruise ship port and terminal. The project also will include a 135-meter- (443-foot-) tall lighthouse.
Meraas, a developer backed by Sheikh Mohammed, will build the project between Dubai's Jumeirah Beach Residence neighborhood and the human-made Palm Jumeirah archipelago.
Authorities offered no cost estimates for the project.
Dubai is the commercial hub of the United Arab Emirates, an oil-producing nation squeezed in recent months by low crude prices.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
That's when Walker went to work in the fourth. They hit 4 of 6 attempts and all four free throws in the final quarter.
"He plays like that the next 30-something games, I'm cool with it," Batum said. "I'm cool with it."
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when they entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. ... Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. ... C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totalled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. ... Marvin Williams missed their second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. ... Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double — the longest active streak in the NBA — was their 33rd of the season.
BURKE'S BIG GAME
Sure, Burke has been an NBA head coach before.
"Summer League only," the Pacers assistant coach said. "And I know this is no Summer League."
Burke debuted as acting head coach for Indiana on Friday night as Nate McMillan sat out the one-game road trip for personal reasons. McMillan is expected to return to lead the team Saturday at home against Philadelphia.
The 21-year Pacers coaching veteran usually focuses primarily on defence, so they had to adjust to calling a full game.
"We've gotta do right by Coach Nate," Burke said. "I think we want to give them a good effort, unified effort. When your leader is gone, you want to perform. I think it's a good compliment to that leader."
TWO FROM (MOST) 3S
After hitting five 3-pointers, Walker has 928 career 3-pointers — just one behind the Charlotte franchise mark of 929 by Dell Curry.
Walker was hoping to break the record in front of their Charlotte fans, but the Hornets head for a four-game road trip beginning Sunday.
"Man, I really wanted to do it here at home," Walker said. "It is what it is."
UP NEXT
Pacers: Back home Saturday to host Philadelphia for a quick two-game homestand.
Hornets: Travel to Phoenix on Sunday for the first of a four-game West Coast road trip.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Jodie Valade, The Associated Press
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
NAIROBI, April 28 Kenya's central bank said on Friday it had issued a licence to DIB Bank Kenya Ltd, a unit of United Arab Emirates-based Dubai Islamic Bank, to operate in the east African nation.
"DIB intends to exclusively offer shariah-compliant banking services in Kenya," the Central Bank of Kenya said in a statement. "DIB's entry will expand the offerings in the market, particularly in the nascent shariah-compliant banking niche." (Reporting by George Obulutsa; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Our members gave their nominations which resulted in the seeding below. Check out the bracket and preview for this article's matchup below!
A few weeks ago, CUSportsNation.com members voted Darian Hagan as the best quarterback in Colorado football history. Now, we turn to the running back position.
The Bieniemy Profile (info below from cubuffs.com)
- 1990 Unanimous All-American
- 3rd in 1990 Heisman Trophy voting
- Two-time All-Big Eight, 1990 Offensive Player of the Year
- CU's all-time leading rusher
Eric Bieniemy was one of the first three unanimous All-Americans in CU history, when the seven NCAA recognized selectors all tabbed them on their first-team in 1990 (along with OG Joe Garten and OLB Alfred Williams that same year)
... They finished third in the Heisman voting that season, when they rushed for 1,628 yards as the starting tailback on CU's national championship team; that total was good for second in the nation (he lost out on the title by 16 yards)
... A two-time first-team All-Big Eight performers in 1988 and 1990, and was the conference's offensive player-of-the-year as a senior ... Named to CU's All-Century team, the only active member at the time who was selected
... Finished their career as CU's all-time leader rusher (3,940 yards), and was also tops in attempts (699), all-purpose yards (4,351) and scoring (254 points) and second in total offense (4,003)
... They remain CU's leader in rushing and all-purpose yards to this day, as they still hold over two dozen school records
... Also recorded a school-best to this day 22 100-yard rushing games, which included a pair of 200-yard efforts (217 at Missouri in 1990 and 211 versus Oregon State in 1988) ... Gutted out five fumbles in the first three quarters in the rain at Lincoln on Nov. 2, 1990, bouncing back with four fourth quarter touchdowns that rallied CU to a 27-12 win over Nebraska and put CU on the inside track for the '90 national title
*** Click here to vote for this matchup ***
The Brown Profile
- Played in just two seasons at Colorado as they transferred from a junior college
- Is still the No. 8 all-time leading rusher despite playing in two seasons, rushing for 2,787 yards
- In 2002, they rushed for 1,841 yards, which is second to only Rashaan Salaam for most rushing yards in a single season by a Buff running back
- Brown's 309 rushing yards against Kansas in 2002 is third most by a CU running back in a single game
- Ranks second in all-time rushing touchdowns with 35
- Ran for six touchdowns against Nebraska, a school record
- Was a Heisman Trophy candidate in 2002 but an injury caused them to miss a couple of games, ruining their chances
- Colorado had a record of 19-8 in Brown's two seasons
- Brown declared for the NFL Draft, skipping their senior season. They led the NFL in rushing yards per attempt in 2004.
*** Click here to vote for this matchup ***
NEW YORK, April 13 The U.S. bond market's gauges on inflation expectations on Thursday clung to their earlier gains even as data on domestic producer prices unexpectedly fell in March.
The 10-year inflation breakeven rate, or the yield difference between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes, was last at 1.93 percent, up 1 basis point from Wednesday. It touched 1.89 percent on Wednesday, which was the lowest since Dec. 20, Tradeweb and Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Football Soccer - Brazil v Paraguay - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Arena Corinthians stadium, São Paulo, Brazil - 28/3/17 - A Brazil's fan celebrates with a flag of Russia, the host of the World Cup 2018. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Football Soccer - Brazil v Paraguay - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Arena Corinthians stadium, São Paulo, Brazil - 28/3/17 - Paraguay's goalkeeper Antony Silva tries to save a goal scored by Brazil's Neymar (not pictured). REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
São Paulo Neymar shrugged off some rough tackling and a missed penalty to score a brilliant solo goal as they led Brazil to a 3-0 win over Paraguay which booked their place at the 2018 World Cup finals on Tuesday.
It was Brazil's eighth consecutive win in qualifying and, combined with Peru's 2-1 win over Uruguay in a later game, ensured they would finish the 10-nation group in the top four, guaranteeing them a berth at the Russia finals.
Brazil leads the standings on 33 points with four matches to play, 11 points ahead of arch-rivals Argentina, who slipped back into fifth after a 2-0 defeat away to Bolivia without suspended captain Lionel Messi.
The top four teams qualify automatically and the fifth play off against a team from another confederation. Paraguay is in eighth spot on 18 points, behind Peru on goal difference.
The early part of the match was marked by a string of fouls on Neymar but the first big chance was a breakaway by Paraguay's Derlis Gonzalez, who hurried their shot and put the ball wide.
Midfielder Hernan Perez missed another chance for Paraguay before Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the hosts in the 34th minute at the Corinthians Arena.
The Liverpool playmaker played a neat one-two with Paulinho before curling a low, left-foot shot past goalkeeper Anthony Silva and inside the far corner.
Neymar was awarded a penalty after being brought down early in the second half but their stop-start run-up failed to deceive Silva and the keeper saved with a dive to their right then blocked their effort with the rebound.
Stung by the miss, Neymar made up for it 10 minutes later, scampering down the left wing from inside their own half, skipping tackles and driving into the box before beating a wrong-footed Silva with a shot that took a deflection off a defender.
Neymar, who thought they had a second goal when they picked up a rebound off a teammate in an offside position and put the ball in the net, came in for some more heavy treatment from Paraguay, who hardly troubled Brazil goalkeeper Alisson in the second half.
Left back Marcelo put the icing on the cake with another fine goal in the closing minutes for Brazil, who extended their South American qualifying record with the victory.
Peru's win pulled them within four points of Argentina and kept alive their own faint hopes of qualifying for a first World Cup since 1982.
Carlos Sanchez turned in Luis Suarez's pass to give Uruguay the lead after half an hour but Paolo Guerrero levelled four minutes later and Edison Flores gave Peru a deserved win with an emphatic finish just after the hour.
Uruguay's unhappy evening ended with a red card for substitute Jonathan Urretaviscaya in the 75th minute.
(Reporting by Rex Gowar; additional reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Struggling to think of what your elf can get up to next.
Fear not, thanks to our creative readers here's ideas a plenty...in fact there's one a night until the big day.
April 3 Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc
* Says CFO Justin Renz resigned
* Karyopharm announces management change
* Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc - Renz will continue to serve company in an advisory capacity in order to ensure a smooth transition
* Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc - Karyopharm has begun a search process for selection and appointment of a new chief financial officer
* Karyopharm Therapeutics - in interim, Michael Todisco, who has served as company's vice president, finance, will lead its internal finance function Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Banca Popolare di Vicenza says:
* acknowledges communication from insurer Cattolica that it (Cattolica) has exercised its right to sell its stake in common insurance joint ventures (Berica Vita, Cattolica Life and ABC Assicura)
* exercise of the right, the legitimacy of which the bank has reservations about, came at a time when the two parties were having constructive talks on relaunching their bancassurance agreement
* rejects Cattolica's general complaint over Popolare di Vicenza's 2014 capital increase
* notes that in 2016 it booked write downs on its investment in Cattolica for more than 220 million euros Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Need a loan? Advice? Many business owners give staffers help
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employee Matthew Dumm, left, in the Ashburn, Va., store. less In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employee Matthew Dumm, left, in the ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 2 of 7 In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, laughs with employees Marni Herderson, right, and Dindo Zamora, left, as they work in the Ashburn, Va., store. less In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, laughs with employees Marni Herderson, right, and ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 3 of 7 In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employee Farhin Kabir, right, in the Ashburn, Va., store. less In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employee Farhin Kabir, right, in the ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 4 of 7 In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employees Dindo Zamora, left, and Al Gimenez, right, in the Ashburn, Va., store. less In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole Drake, co-owner of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va. with their husband Dennis Drake, talks with employees Dindo Zamora, left, and Al ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole and Dennis Drake, co-owners of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va., are photographed in their the Ashburn, Va., store. In this Friday, June 29, 2018, photo, Nicole and Dennis Drake, co-owners of Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises in Gainesville and Ashburn, Va., are photographed in their the Ashburn, Va., store. Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 7 of 7 Need a loan? Advice? Many business owners give staffers help 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
NEW YORK (AP) — Want a loan? Advice? When an employee needs help, many small business owners are comfortable mixing the personal with the professional and willingly provide some support.
J. Colin Petersen has assisted staffers in a variety of ways: extra cash, lawyer recommendations, loaning a personal car, taking employees to doctor appointments and replacing a stolen smartphone. And, "just listening to the anxieties of any of my team members that need a sympathetic ear or advice about how to handle a problem."
Petersen, president of information technology company J - I.T. Outsource, believes that if they help their 12 full-time employees when they're wrestling with a problem, their performance — and in turn, their Fresno, California-based company — will benefit.
Many small business owners take an interest in their employees because they want a friendly or even family-feeling atmosphere, unlike the ambience of a big corporation. They also want staffers to feel appreciated as people, not just as workers, and know that employees who are treated well are less likely to leave. But employment law attorneys and human resources consultants advise owners to strike a balance — there can be unintended consequences when a boss is too friendly or too generous.
Nicole and Dennis Drake are mindful that the employees of their two Tropical Smoothie Cafe franchises are high school and college students who can use a little guidance about work and life. The couple asks staffers at the stores in Gainesville and Ashburn, Virginia, about school, what subjects they're taking, how they're doing. Nicole Drake, who describes themselves as a math nerd, offers help with homework and makes sure that working at the stores doesn't interfere with school assignments.
"This job is not your last stop, so there's no way your grades should suffer," they tell their young staffers. And when they're ready to move on, they lend a hand with resumes. The Drakes also have helped with extracurricular activities, including fundraising in memory of a young woman who killed themselves who had been a friend of one employee.
"When you've got a team, you want to do what's right," Nicole Drake says.
Owners need to be sure that their compassion, especially if it comes in the form of loans, gifts or other benefits, is available to all staffers. Showing favoritism can make an owner liable if an employee who felt discriminated against sues the company.
Employers should also have objective criteria they follow when they're offering help, says Nannina Angioni, an employment law attorney with Kaedian LLP in Los Angeles. For example, if they're willing to lend money for medical bills, they can't decide to offer it for one kind of illness but not another.
Angioni also recommends against handing out personal advice — someone who didn't have the boss's ear could later retaliate.
"You can comfort someone, but don't get into details," Angioni says.
Owners need to create a balance, says Jay Starkman, CEO of human resources provider Engage PEO, based in Hollywood, Florida.
"While you want to be approachable, you want to create a collegial atmosphere," Starkman says. They suggest that if employees come into the owner's office and start to unburden themselves, the boss can listen, but set a time limit. And if staffers seem to need advice or support, connect them with an employee assistance program for free counseling.
But always act humanely: "You don't want your place of employment to become this sterile, nobody-can-talk-to-each-other, horrible place to be," Starkman says.
The staffers at Samantha Martin's public relations firm tend to be young people newly arrived in New York who find they have big bills to pay and don't have family nearby. So she's loaned employees money to get an apartment or pay for dental work, and given others advice about personal problems. They can't afford big corporate benefits, but these are things they can do.
"As a boutique firm, we become family," says Martin, CEO of Media Maison with 14 staffers. "It has made a huge difference — my employees are loyal, they trust me, they treat my business like it's theirs."
At the same time, Martin sets boundaries: "I'm not their best friend and I'm not trying to be."
The owners and managers at cSubs in Montvale, New Jersey, know they must tread carefully. So they've found ways that feel appropriate to assist staffers at the company that creates software to help organizations manage publication subscriptions.
Five years ago, when a staffer's daughter needed a special brace for a spinal condition, co-workers collected $800 of their own volition. Human Resources Director Leianne Eskinazi asked cSub's owners if they wanted to help too, and they matched that amount.
"You want to do the right thing and always help your people, but there are limits to what an employer can do," Eskinazi says.
When disaster strikes, many small business owners try to help staffers whose homes are damaged or who suffer other losses. Owners can pay staffers who miss time at work due to disasters without fear of recourse, Angioni says.
Hillary Wootton paid staffers of their Homewatch CareGivers company when they couldn't work last October during and after wildfires that destroyed thousands of homes in Santa Rosa, California. Many clients were evacuated from the area and stayed away for weeks. Hourly paid caregivers were losing money.
"We realized we had a lot of people who very much depended on their regular hours to make ends meet," Wootton says. "My husband and I looked at each other and our bank account and said, 'What could we do to help?'"
With less money coming in from clients, Wootton could pay their staffers only minimum wage. But when they came back to work, they became more liberal on other rules. "We've kind of relaxed our 'no OT' policy," they say.
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg. Them work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
___
Sign up to have the AP's weekly Strictly Small Business newsletter delivered straight to your inbox: http://discover.ap.org/ssb
Aug 12, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jordan Spieth tees off on the ninth hole during the third round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Jordan Spieth's bid to win the PGA Championship this week at Quail Hollow and complete a career grand slam has fallen short and the Texan said the major would be the hardest for them to win.
The 24-year-old Spieth began Saturday's third round on three over par, 11 shots off the pace, but failed to close the gap as they posted a level par 71.
"The PGA Championship I think is going to be the toughest for me. If we look historically back on my career, I think I will play this tournament worse than the other three majors just in the way that it's set up," Spieth told reporters.
They put themselves in position to supplant Tiger Woods as the youngest player ever to complete a collection of the four major professional titles by winning last month's British Open after their 2015 wins at the Masters and U.S. Open.
"I feel like my game truly suits the other three majors maybe more than a PGA Championship," they said. "But I believe we can play anywhere and can win anywhere. It's just a matter of having everything in sync at the right time."
Spieth did not elaborate on why the PGA should be more difficult for them to win, although it is traditionally set up to showcase lower scores.
Spieth said they turned extra aggressive on Saturday in the hope of making up significant ground when asked if they had still been on a mission to win.
"I was trying to do just that, trying to play aggressive, see how many birdies we could make," Spieth said.
Three bogeys in their first seven holes derailed that dream. Spieth then began to find their putting touch, making two birdies in a row from the eighth and three in a row from the 14th before a double-bogey at the last.
"Obviously, any week you don't have a chance to win you've fallen short of where you would like to be," they said, adding that sometimes there is a silver lining in defeat.
Spieth recalled their experience at June's U.S. Open.
"I was out of it, but I gathered a little something off that Sunday round that led to two wins in two tournaments after that including a major," they said. "Just one round like that can do that. That's what I'm looking to do here."
A logo is pictured on a branch of the Credit Suisse bank in Bern, Switzerland April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
BERN Swiss Attorney General Michael Lauber is in touch with Dutch authorities over an international investigation into suspected tax evasion and money laundering via accounts at Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), they told a news conference on Wednesday, declining further comment.
Their office said last week it was disconcerted that the Dutch-led investigation based on an anonymous tip about thousands of suspect accounts had kept Swiss prosecutors out of the loop at first.
Coordinated raids began on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia, the Dutch office for financial crimes prosecution said on Friday.
(Reporting by John Miller, Editing by Michael Shields)
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
Meet the adorable new member of Nottinghamshire Police's dog section.
Four-month-old Belgian Malinois, Taggart, arrives from a litter of 13 from West Yorkshire... and they appear to have got into the swing of things already!
Yesterday their handler introduced them to ‘tracking' where they managed to sniff out their food that was hidden around a training field.
Taggart will be a general purpose police dog and tracking with be a crucial part of their job, so that's why he's taught to use their nose first.
Taggart's handler, PC Pete Baxter, who has been a dog handler for 15 years, said: “In about one years' time Taggart will be getting ready to start a training course. In the meantime they will be living with me whilst I train them and build their confidence. He's shown great potential so far and I'm looking forward to seeing how much they develop.”
NEW YORK, April 6 Renaud Laplanche, who abruptly stepped down as CEO of LendingCLub Corp in May, has launched a new online lender called Upgrade, the company said on Thursday.
San Francisco-based Upgrade has raised $60 million in equity and convertible notes from a large group of venture capital investors including Union Square Ventures, Ribbit Capital, as well as large Chinese online lender CreditEase and Silicon Valley Bank, the startup said. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Dr. David Shulkin was sworn on Tuesday as secretary of the Veterans Affairs Department and immediately was urged to begin approving thousands of exemptions to President Donald Trump's federal hiring freeze.
At Shulkin's swearing-in, Vice President Mike Pence said, "Few duties of government are as important as fulfilling what President [Abraham] Lincoln promised, which is that we as a nation shall care for them who has borne the battle."
Trump "has now called on you to lead the department charged with that solemn and historic promise," Pence said.
Shulkin, who was approved by the Senate in a 100-0 vote Monday night, said, "I think we have a system that's doing terrific things with very dedicated people, but we all know we have a lot of work to do. We all agree that our veterans deserve the very, very best that we can do."
They said the bipartisan nature of the unanimous vote that approved them was reflected in the presence at the oath ceremony of the chairpeople and ranking members of the Senate and House Veterans Affairs Committees -- Sens. Johnny Isakson of Georgia and Jon Tester of Montana, and Reps. Phil Roe of Tennessee and Tim Walz of Minnesota.
Earlier, Walz told Military.com that Shulkin should get busy signing off on public safety exemptions to Trump's across-the-board 90-day hiring freeze.
"Let Dr. Shulkin make those decisions. I trust their take on this," said Walz, a retired command sergeant major in the Army National Guard and the highest-ranking enlisted service member ever to be elected to Congress.
In their Senate confirmation hearing last month, Shulkin said there are about 45,000 vacancies at the VA and they are in favor of filling 37,000 of them, particularly for critical shortages for doctors and nurses.
New Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is in a similar situation at the Pentagon. They also have the authority to make public safety exemptions to the hiring freeze for the civilian workforce. A Pentagon spokesperson said Monday that there are about 67,000 vacancies at the Defense Department, but no exemptions have been approved yet.
The initial guidance put out by the Office of Personnel Management, which oversees the civil service, said exemptions to the hiring freeze would be "limited" but also said that the secretary of Veterans Affairs and the defense secretary would have wide discretion to approve exemptions for public safety and health reasons.
Shortly after Trump issued the memo on the hiring freeze last month, then-acting VA Secretary Robert Snyder stated, "The Department of Veterans Affairs intends to exempt anyone it deems necessary for public health and safety, including frontline caregivers. The president and VA remain committed to seeing that our veterans receive the quality care and benefits they've earned. This is the right thing to do for our veterans."
Snyder then issued their own memo listing the positions that could be exempted, ranging from medical officer and nurse to security guard and laundry worker.
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
This year, Rocket Lab plans to blast a 56-foot vehicle into orbit on a mission to revolutionize access to space. The rocket “was manufactured in Auckland and will launch from New Zealand's Mahia Peninsula,” writes Lauren Murrow in an article for WIRED. “Tech entrepreneurs are doing all kinds of edgy stuff here that hasn't been tried before,” said Berkeley grad and software developer turned Wellington-based angel investor Dave Moskovitz.
And Rocket Lab are not the only ones looking towards New Zealand. “Why New Zealand” is the question that's been whispered about Silicon Valley elites for the past few years, ever since Peter Thiel quietly became a Kiwi citizen; since ­LinkedIn's Reid Hoffman informed The New Yorker that New Zealand is the tech crowd's favored end-of-days refuge.”
“Beyond Wellington's obsessive coffee culture and Queenstown's unspoiled landscape, New Zealand has established itself as an unlikely bolt-hole for the impending apocalypse,” writes Murrow.
“And New Zealand is eager to attract Valley elites: Recruitment efforts are luring tech workers to local startup scenes; LookSee Wellington, which last year flew in techies to attend career info sessions and interviews, received 48,000 applications,” reports the article.
“New Zealand recently topped the World Bank's annual Ease of Doing Business rankings as the nation most conducive to starting a business, registering property, and securing credit,” reports the article.
“Being small and nimble, we don't have the same level of bureaucracy and bullshit as in the States,” said Texas native Shawn O'Keefe, now a program director for Wellington-based accelerator Creative HQ.
“New Zealand entrepreneurs aren't working on an app to find a better sandwich or whatever—they take real-world problems much more seriously.”
“While that may sound like some Silicon Kiwi spin, the country did introduce a Global Impact visa last year, targeting civic-minded founders tackling society's biggest challenges. Meanwhile, US app peddlers and hedge funders are quietly burrowing into New Zealand's epic hills, plotting their real-world escape,” writes Murrow.
Article Source: WIRED, Lauren Murrow, January 29, 2018
Image Source: Pixabay
The Penguins improved to 10-3 since New Year's Day, a stretch in which they've climbed from 10th in the Eastern Conference to within striking distance of Washington with still two months to go before the post-season.
The prospect of another potential playoff showdown looms, even if the outcome tends to be one-sided when the longtime rivals meet in the spring. Their seemingly annual post-season series usually ends with the Penguins skating on to the next round while Washington wonders how it let it get away once again.
While it's far too early to panic or even project, the Capitals understand they can't give up three power-play goals and go 0 for 3 with the man advantage and expect to keep pace.
"When we play 5-on-5, we have a better chance," Ovechkin said. "I think our power play has to get better, for sure. You can't get that many chances and not know how to score, not know how to play at this stage."
Pittsburgh never trailed and never wavered after the Capitals erased 2-0, 3-2 and 4-3 deficits. Kuznetzov tied it at 3 when they flipped a bouncing puck in the slot by Murray 11:57 into the second to give Washington a shot at picking up its seventh victory this season in a game in which it trailed by at least two goals.
Not this time. Malkin put in their own rebound 1:01 into the third to put the Penguins back in front. Ovechkin evened it just 49 seconds later after a slick cross-ice feed from Kuznetzov, but Pittsburgh simply kept on coming.
Rust picked up their third goal in their last two games to put the Penguins ahead to stay, Kessel followed with their second of the night and 23rd of the season to chase Holtby. Malkin finished the outburst with their team-leading 28th of the season, 14 of which have come since Jan. 1.
NOTES: Hornqvist left in the third period with a lower-body injury after being hit by Washington D Brooks Orpik and did not return. Hornqvist will be re-evaluated on Saturday and will not travel with the team when it faces New Jersey on Saturday night. ... Pittsburgh F Carter Rowney played 9:05 in their return after missing a month with an upper-body injury. ... The Penguins scratched D Chad Ruhwedel, D Matt Hunwick and injured F Conor Sheary (lower-body). ... Washington scratched D Taylor Chorney and F Jakub Vrana.
UP NEXT
Capitals: Host Las Vegas on Sunday.
Penguins: Face the Devils for the first time this season on Saturday.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
British police said officers shot a woman and arrested four other people in London and nearby Kent during a counter-terrorism investigation on Thursday.
All four people were arrested on suspicion of the commission, preparation and instigation of terrorist acts, metropolitan police said in a statement, adding that the incident was not connected to the arrest in Whitehall, where a man carrying knives near Prime Minister Theresa May's office was arrested on suspicion of preparing an act of terrorism. (bit.ly/2prwOXb)
The woman who was shot is in serious but stable condition, police said. They have not been arrested yet and is under police guard at the hospital, according to the statement.
Police did not release the names of the five people, who the police said had been under observation by counter-terrorism officers as part of ongoing intelligence led operation.
(Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 10 (Reuters) -
* LeEco - LeEco Global Group Ltd's merger agreement to acquire vizio will not proceed due to regulatory headwinds
* LeEco - LeEco, Vizio reached new agreement under which cos will continue to explore opportunities and to bring Vizio products to China market
Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Ashford Inc
* Ashford says comparable revpar for all hotels increased 2.5% to $221.11 during Q1
* Ashford inc says comparable revpar for all hotels not under renovation increased 5.8% to $284.67 during Q1
* Ashford reports first quarter 2017 results
* says on March 1, 2017, company announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 80-room hotel yountville in yountville, ca for $96.5 million
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.46
* Ashford inc says intends to finance property with approximately $50 million of non-recourse mortgage debt
* Qtrly loss per share $0.07 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRETORIA, April 3 South Africa's new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Monday they would pursue "tough and unpopular choices" to oversee economic growth and a redistribution of wealth to the country's black majority and help grow a flagging economy.
Africa's most industrialised economy faces the risk of being downgraded to junk status owing to weak growth and the political upheavals after it got a reprieve last year. The economy grew by 0.3 percent in 2016 versus 1.3 percent in the previous year. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
(Edits paragraph 11 for clarity)
* Police mistook victim's DPRK passport for South Korea
* Error had silver lining: Seoul knew slain man was Kim Jong Nam
* Otherwise true identity might never have been revealed
* Deal pending on returning victim's body to N.Korea
By Tom Allard, Emily Chow and James Pearson
KUALA LUMPUR, March 30 Malaysian authorities wrongly identified the slain half-brother of North Korea's leader as a South Korean national and first alerted Seoul's embassy in Kuala Lumpur soon after their death, sources familiar with the incident told Reuters.
The police error did have a silver lining: It enabled Seoul to quickly inform Kuala Lumpur the dead man was probably Kim Jong Nam, half-brother to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Kim was murdered around mid-morning on Feb. 13, when Malaysian police say two women smeared super toxic VX nerve agent on their face at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
After examining the victim's passport, Malaysian authorities confused the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the formal name of North Korea, with the Republic of Korea, the official name of its estranged southern neighbour, the sources said.
Malaysian authorities contacted the South Korean embassy, sending along copies of documents found on Kim's body. After the mix-up was realised, North Korea's diplomatic mission in Kuala Lumpur was informed on the day of the murder, the sources said.
Malaysian police did not respond to requests for comment.
The confusion over Kim's nationality also explains why it was the South Korean media that initially broke the news. Within 24 hours of their death, South Korea's National Intelligence Service had briefed lawmakers in Seoul that Kim Jong Nam was believed dead. It then was leaked to the South Korean media.
Hours after the news emerged in South Korea, Malaysian police confirmed that a North Korean man had died at the airport, without disclosing their identity.
OUT IN THE OPEN
South Korean and U.S. intelligence sources say North Korea masterminded the attack, which Pyongyang denies.
North Korea does not even acknowledge the dead man is Kim Jong Nam. Pyongyang continues to refer to them as Kim Chol, the name on the diplomatic passport Kim was carrying when they died.
The world might never have known the slain man to be Kim Jong Nam if Malaysian police had sent a copy of their passport to the North Korean embassy, not the South Korean one. South Korean intelligence officers say Kim Jong-un had issued standing orders for the elimination of their elder half-brother.
Kim Jong Nam's murder was remarkably public, according to North Korea analysts. The assassins chose an airport covered by CCTV cameras and a designated weapon of mass destruction possessed by only a few states, North Korea among them.
“The effect had to be planned,” said Robert L. Gallucci, a former U.S. chief negotiator with North Korea over its nuclear programme. “They wanted to underline impunity, that they can act with impunity.”
The brazen nature of the assassination also made collecting evidence relatively easy. After the first chaotic day, the investigation was taken over by Malaysia's Special Branch - which combines the roles of elite police unit and domestic intelligence agency.
The two women who smeared the VX nerve agent on Kim - described by police as Vietnamese “entertainment outlet employee” Doan Thi Huong and Indonesian “spa masseuse” Siti Aisyah - were arrested three days after the killing.
According to lawyers, families and consular officials, the two women believed they were involved in a prank.
CCTV AIRPORT FOOTAGE
Three days after the women's detention, four North Koreans were named as ringleaders of the plot, all of whom left Malaysia soon after the murder.
Captured by CCTV footage at the airport, the men - later identified by South Korea as agents of Pyongyang's ministry of state security - were nearby when Kim was poisoned.
While South Korea and Malaysia were caught unawares by Kim's trip to Malaysia, the alleged state security agents at the airport suggests North Korea was well informed.
Three of the four arrived in Malaysia before Kim did. The other one landed a day later, on February 7, police have said.
Malaysian police believe the women were recruited by another North Korean national Ri Ji U, also known as James.
Two other North Koreans, Hyon Kwang Song, second secretary at the Kuala Lumpur embassy, and Kim Uk Il, a staff member of North Korea's state airline Air Koryo, were also named as suspects.
Ri, Hyon and Kim are believed to be holed up in the North Korean embassy, where Malaysian police are prevented from entering without permission under the Vienna Convention that lays out the international rules of diplomacy.
Another “important” but unnamed North Korean national is also being sought, Malaysian police inspector-general Khalid Abu Bakar said last week.
North Korea and Malaysia's historically close ties began to unravel in the wake of Kim's death, hitting a nadir when Pyongyang banned nine Malaysian citizens from leaving the country in retaliation for the Kim investigation.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak initially announced a tit-for-tat ban, accusing North Korea of “effectively holding our citizens hostage”. A day later, they struck a more conciliatory tone, saying the dispute would be solved through quiet negotiations.
Those talks have yet to conclude. North Korea is demanding Kim's body and the three remaining suspects inside its embassy be returned to Pyongyang in exchange for an end to the travel ban on Malaysians, a diplomatic source said.
(Reporting by Tom Allard, Emily Chow and James Pearson. Writing by Tom Allard. Editing by Bill Tarrant.)
BAKU May 2 Azeri oil exports through the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline via Georgia and Turkey declined 11.2 percent year-on-year in January-April to 8.72 million tonnes, state energy company SOCAR said on Tuesday.
Oil exports through the BTC in 2016 totalled 28.86 million tonnes, up 1.3 percent.
Azerbaijan exports oil via the pipeline from the Azeri, Chirag and Guneshli (ACG) oil fields operated by BP.
It also exports oil via Russia, through the Baku-Novorossiisk pipeline and via Georgia by rail and through the Baku-Supsa pipeline.
Oil from Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan is also exported through the BTC. (Reporting by Nailia Bagirova; Writing by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Mark Potter)
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
March 30 J.Jill Inc
* J.Jill, Inc. announces fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016 results
* Adjusted diluted earnings per share for Q4 of fiscal 2016 were $0.08
* Q4 earnings per share $0.05
* Q4 sales rose 14.8 percent to $166.9 million
* J.Jill Inc qtrly total company comparable sales, which includes comparable store sales and direct to consumer comparable sales, increased by 10.8 percent
* Q1 GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in range of $0.14 to $0.16
* Q1 adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in range of $0.17 to $0.19
* J.Jill Inc - for Q1 of fiscal 2017, expect total comparable sales to increase in high single digits
* For full 2017 fiscal year, on a 52-week basis, expect total comparable sales to increase in high single digits
* J.Jill Inc sees FY 2017 GAAP diluted earnings per share are expected to be in range of $0.71 to $0.75
* Fy 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in range of $0.75 to $0.79 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 National Bank of Kenya Ltd:
* FY group profit before tax and exceptional items of 182.7 million shillings versus loss of 1.64 billion shillings year ago
* FY group net interest income 8.02 billion shillings versus 6.40 billion shillings year ago
* Says directors do not recommend the payment of dividend Source: j.mp/2os2k7H Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 20 HotLand Co Ltd
* Says it plans to merge with a wholly owned subsidiary, which is engaged in sale of sweets and operation of catering shop
* Merger effective date on June 1
* Says the subsidiary will be dissolved after the transaction
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/kyNfdb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 Baiyang Investment Group Inc :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -10 percent to 30 percent, or to be 12.4 million yuan to 17.9 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (13.8 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of aquatic food product and fodder, as well as increased investment loss are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/kwcw6d
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BARCELONA, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Cristiano Ronaldo scored a sensational goal and was then sent off for a combination of their provocative celebration and for diving as Real Madrid beat Barcelona 3-1 in an explosive Spanish Super Cup first leg on Sunday.
Gerard Pique scored an own goal early in the second half to give Real the lead in the annual curtain raiser between the Liga champions and the King's Cup holders although Lionel Messi looked to have saved their blushes by scoring a controversial penalty in the 77th minute after Luis Suarez was fouled.
Substitute Ronaldo rattled in a sensational strike from outside the area three minutes later to restore the Liga and European champions' advantage, earning a booking for removing their shirt and mimicking Messi's celebration at the Santiago Bernabeu in last April's Clasico.
Ronaldo was given a second yellow card moments later for diving to attempt to win a penalty and will miss Wednesday's second leg at the Bernabeu. Spanish forward Marco Asensio instead extended Madrid's advantage with a scorching strike from outside the area in the 90th minute. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIRUT Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said Lebanon was close to "breaking point" due to the strains of hosting 1.5 million Syrian refugees, and they feared unrest could spiral from tensions between them and Lebanese communities.
Refugees who fled the six-year-long conflict in neighbouring Syria make up a quarter of Lebanon's population, and most live in severe poverty in makeshift camps across the country as the government opposes the creation of formal ones.
"Today if you go around most of the host communities, there is a huge tension between the Lebanese and the Syrians... I fear civil unrest," Hariri told journalists working for foreign media on Friday.
They will urge the international community to boost financial support for Lebanon at a conference on Syria in Brussels next week. "I am going ... to make sure that the world understands that Lebanon is on the verge of a breaking point," they said.
Hariri said the country has been "extremely lucky in making sure this crisis has not affected host communities, but we have stretched our luck".
The Syria war has weakened Lebanon's economy, fuelled tension among Lebanese allied to the rival sides, and triggered a number of jihadist attacks. But there has so far been no significant violence between Syrian refugees and Lebanese host communities.
Hariri urged the international community to commit to spending the equivalent of $10-12,000 per refugee over a period of five to seven years, compared to the current level of foreign support equivalent to $1-1,200 per year.
"I think that will make sure that Lebanon is going to stand on its own and the economy will thrive," they said.
Georges Ghali, programmes manager at Lebanese human rights organisation ALEF, said the tensions were rooted in factors such as misperceptions held by Lebanese that refugees were being showered in aid, and government policies that had made it difficult for them to obtain official residency.
Tensions had not reached the point of violent escalation, Ghali added.
Lebanese officials, citing World Bank figures, say the cumulative cost of the Syrian conflict to Lebanon was $18.15 billion to the end of 2015. Lebanon's annual economic growth has slowed to just over 1 percent from an average of 8 percent before the Syrian war, officials have said.
The government is seeking financial support for a programme of public sector-led investment in infrastructure to boost the economy, and to increase the number of Syrians in education.
Hariri, a Saudi-allied Sunni politician, became prime minister in December in a political deal that saw Michel Aoun, an ally of the Iranian-backed Shi'ite group Hezbollah, elected head of state.
Hezbollah, which is fighting in Syria in support of President Bashar al-Assad, is also part of the government.
(Reporting by Tom Perry; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 3 Russia's agriculture holding company Ros Agro Plc (Rusagro) says:
* Decided to expand its pork project in Tambov region, approved in November 2016. As a result, production capacity increase to 85,000 tonnes of pork in live weight per year from 53,000 tonnes, compound feed production capacity will expand to up to 740,000 tonnes per year;
* Capital expenditures will rise to 12 billion roubles ($213.1 million), which is 54 percent higher than initially required;
* First commercial production of 46,000 tonnes should start in 2019 and full capacity is expected to be reached in 2021. Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.3208 roubles) (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
April 5 Super Coffee Corporation Pte. Ltd
* Entered into a share sale and purchase agreement
* Disposal is not expected to have a material impact on company's consolidated earnings per share for financial year ending 31 Dec 2017
* Deal to dispose of its 30% equity interest in BS Global LLC to Bimex LLC
* Aggregate consideration for disposal of 1.58 billion Mongolian Tugrik Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Damon Joseph Smith, 20, who was found guilty of planting a home bomb on a London underground train, is seen in an undated photo handed out by the Metropolitan Police, in Britain, May 3, 2017. Metropolitan Police handout via REUTERS
LONDON A man who left a bag packed with explosives and ball bearings on a London underground train on its way to the Canary Wharf financial district last October was convicted on Wednesday of planning to cause an explosion.
Damon Smith, a 20-year-old student, assembled the device using instructions taken from an Al Qaeda-published magazine, prosecutors said after they were found guilty by a jury.
They set the timer and left the train but the bomb failed to explode and was later reported by passengers. It was made safe by police at North Greenwich station on the Jubilee line, one stop away from Canary Wharf.
Smith was arrested shortly afterwards but claimed the device was just a smoke bomb and that whole incident had been a prank.
"Damon Smith's actions were incredibly dangerous and the consequences had the device worked do not bear thinking about," said Sue Hemming of the Crown Prosecution Service.
"Although they claimed this was a prank, the bomb they left on the train was clearly designed to cause horrific injuries," they added in a statement.
Statements from the CPS and the police did not give a motive for Smith's actions.
Smith was convicted at the Old Bailey court and will be sentenced at a later date.
(Reporting by Stephen Addison, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
LUSAKA, March 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Zambia is attempting to convert the nation to energy-saving light emitting diode (LED) lightbulbs to help plug crippling power shortages that have hit mining and agriculture and imposed daily rationing on parts of the country.
If all homes and industries switch to the longer-lasting bulbs, the country could save up to 200 megawatts of electricity annually - about 30 percent of its power deficit - according to the state-owned Zambia Electricity Supply Corporation (ZESCO).
The company is planning to distribute 5 million free LED bulbs by June in exchange for conventional ones, at a cost of $20 million. The aim is to replace every incandescent bulb in the country.
"With such initiative, we are going to save a lot of energy. Just imagine moving from 40 watts energy consumption for an ordinary bulb to ... only 5 watts for LEDs," Thomas Sinkamba, manager of the LEDs roll-out at ZESCO, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
So far, 3 million of the low-energy bulbs have been bought for $5 million, ZESCO senior manager Bessie Banda said.
The government in January banned the manufacture, sale and import of energy-hungry incandescent lightbulbs and several other inefficient devices.
It has also lifted import taxes on LED bulbs, solar panels and other energy-saving equipment, while imposing taxes on inefficient electrical devices.
Rozaia Mapika, a 53-year old a meat seller living in Lusaka, who received six LED bulbs free in December under the government scheme, said the new lightbulbs have cut their monthly electricity bill.
"We used to spend 300 Zambian kwacha ($30) monthly on electricity (for) household use," said Mapika, who uses electricity for cooking, heating and lighting.
"Now, we are not exceeding more than 240 ZMW ($25) per month," they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Some people, however, are concerned about the safe disposal of long-lasting LED bulbs and their impact on people's health.
"(LED lightbulbs) contain mercury which is highly toxic even in small doses," said Robert Chimambo a board member for the Zambia Climate Change Network.
The LED bulbs are more expensive to buy than conventional bulbs, costing $5 compared to $1.5. But they last six times longer, promoters said.
Providing the bulbs free of charge is key to driving the switchover in a country where about 65 percent of the population live on less than $1.90 a day.
POWERING A NATION
The country's electricity demand in the last five years has risen to 1,800 megawatts, up from 1,600 megawatts, as more areas have been electrified, putting increased pressure on the national electricity grid, according ZESCO.
The rising demand, coupled with two years of drought that lowered water levels in the country's hydroelectric dams, have led to the country's power shortages.
Electricity from the national grid has been rationed for up to six hours a day in parts of the country as a way to cushion the shortfall.
"Increased economic activities and (not enough) rainfall have severely impacted the power deficit," Sinkamba said.
Insufficient investment in electricity generation has also worsened the country's power deficits, the ministry of finance said in November.
The demand for power is likely to grow, as the government attempts to roll out electricity supplies to more people.
More than two thirds of Zambia's 15.5 million people have no access to any power, according to USAID, the U.S. government's aid agency, which is working with Zambia to help improve its power supplies.
Justine Mukosa, a manager at the government's Rural Electrification Authority, said that as demand for power increases nationally, other energy sources will be needed to reduce pressure on the national grid.
"We need to intensify other energy sources like solar mini-grid, wind energy and others," Mukosa said.
($1 = 9.5499 Zambian Kwacha) (Reporting by Danstan Kaunda; Editing by Alex Whiting.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
LONDON Bankers are working on debt financings totalling around £400 million to back a potential sale of UK human resources software company NGA Human Resources as a sale process kicks off, banking sources said on Wednesday.
Former lenders Goldman Sachs and Park Square took control of NGA, formerly known as Northgate Information Solutions, from owner KKR in a debt for equity swap late in 2015, backed with a £320m leveraged loan financing, according to Thomson Reuters LPC.
They have now decided to sell the business, hiring Goldman Sachs as advisers on the process, which is expected to see first round bids submitted by the end of May, the sources said.
A bank education process took place yesterday, following a meeting with lenders some weeks prior, the sources said.
Goldman Sachs, NGA and Park Square were not immediately available to comment.
Some £400m of debt financing equates to around 5.0 times Northgate's approximate £70m Ebitda, the sources said.
Debt is expected to be in the form of either leveraged loans or high-yield bonds, mainly denominated in sterling, the sources said.
Bonds might be preferable as a covenant-lite loan could be a hard sell to investors, due to the company's chequered past. High-yield bonds automatically come without maintenance covenants.
The business consists of two units, a UK mid-market business that is performing well and an enterprise business serving larger corporates, which is more of a turnaround story, sources said.
The preference will be to sell the company as a whole, but the sellers may accept bids for the units separately, the sources added.
KKR took Northgate private in 2008, in a deal that valued the company at £593m plus existing debt. KKR subsequently sold divisions including Northgate Public Services to Cinven for £320m in December 2014 and the managed services division to outsourcing group Capita for £65m in 2013 – leaving only NGA Human Resources.
NGA Human Resources helps organizations pioneer digital HR, master payroll, ensure compliance, unlock workforce data and deliver best-in-class HR operations, according to its website.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
May 2 Bluebird Bio Inc
* Bluebird bio inc- entered into a worldwide license agreement around its proprietary lentiviral vector platform with novartis pharma ag
* Bluebird bio inc- financial terms of agreement with novartis include an upfront payment to bluebird as well as milestone and royalty payments
* Bluebird bio-under terms novartis to non-exclusively license certain of co's patent rights to develop, commercialize chimeric antigen receptor t cell therapies for oncology Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index dropped 3.9 per cent this week, plummeting more than 200 points today in a broad-based decline.
The S&P/TSX composite index fell 254.89 points to 15,606.03 today.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average shed 665.75 points to 25,520.96. The S&P 500 index lost 59.85 points to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq composite index slipped 144.91 points to 7,240.95.
In currency markets, the Canadian dollar closed at an average trading value of 80.78 cents US, down 0.60 of a U.S. cent.
The March crude contract fell 35 cents to US$65.45 per barrel and the March natural gas contract slipped by a penny to roughly US$2.85 per mmBTU.
The April gold contract dropped US$10.60 to US$1,337.30 an ounce and the March copper contract lost about 2.2 cents to roughly US$3.19 a pound.
By The Canadian Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Latest: Aid groups slam France on child migrants
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The Latest on migration into Europe (all times local):
1 p.m.
Aid groups say France's system for handling the unprecedented number of unaccompanied migrant children is arbitrary and hurts those who need help the most.
In a report Wednesday, Human Rights Watch described a confusing system that is stacked against minors. The aid group Medecins Sans Frontiers echoed the finding, saying France's default is to assume someone claiming to be under 18 is lying.
Around 25,000 young people claiming to be unaccompanied migrant children arrived in France last year. Of those, the claims of around 14,000 were accepted, the groups say.
But they say reasons for rejection were contradictory — children were denied for being too articulate, or not articulate enough. Those whose claims are accepted receive housing and education; those rejected can be expelled or jailed.
___
11:55 a.m.
The Portuguese picked as the next leader of the U.N.'s migration agency predicts that the number of migrants heading from North Africa to Europe will grow and that European countries will increasingly refuse to let them in.
Antonio Vitorino says "I have no illusions. I know that in coming years the flow of migrants will increase and (destination) countries will close in on themselves."
Vitorino told Portuguese television channel SIC that cooperation between the migrants' countries of origin and European Union countries "is the only response" that will solve the issue of migration to Europe.
They say refugees seeking asylum must be guaranteed protection. They say the admittance of economic migrants depends on whether European labor markets can absorb them.
Vitorino was selected last week as the next director-general of the International Organization for Migration and takes office Oct. 1.
___
10:45 a.m.
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
NY Current Conditions
NY Current Conditions as of 06:00 AM EDT Wednesday, July 4, 2018
_____
City/Town;Weather Condition;Temp (F);Wind Direction;Wind Speed (MPH);Humidity (%)
Albany;Partly sunny;69;Calm;1;90%
Binghamton;Sunny;66;ENE;5;83%
Buffalo;Partly sunny;69;ESE;4;82%
Central Park;Sunny;77;Calm;0;87%
Dansville;Sunny;67;SE;8;84%
Dunkirk;Partly sunny;70;E;2;90%
East Hampton;Sunny;70;Calm;0;97%
Elmira;Sunny;63;Calm;0;100%
Farmingdale;Sunny;76;SW;3;93%
Fort Drum;Sunny;66;SE;6;100%
Fulton;Sunny;62;Calm;0;86%
Glen Falls;Sunny;69;NE;3;86%
Islip;Mostly cloudy;74;NW;4;90%
Ithaca;Sunny;61;E;3;96%
Jamestown;Clear;71;Calm;0;93%
Massena;Sunny;62;Calm;0;100%
Montauk;Cloudy;76;Calm;0;93%
Montgomery;Fog;73;Calm;0;96%
Monticello;Intermittent clouds;70;NNE;2;87%
New York;Sunny;77;Calm;0;87%
New York Jfk;Mostly cloudy;75;Calm;0;100%
New York Lga;Mostly cloudy;80;SSW;5;76%
Newburgh;Partly sunny;73;Calm;0;100%
Niagara Falls;Mostly sunny;68;ENE;4;83%
Ogdensburg;Fog;62;Calm;0;96%
Penn (Yan);Sunny;66;SW;3;93%
Plattsburgh;Sunny;62;Calm;0;93%
Poughkeepsie;Mostly cloudy;73;Calm;0;90%
Rochester;Partly sunny;62;SW;3;93%
Rome;Sunny;64;SE;3;96%
Saranac Lake;Sunny;51;Calm;0;100%
Shirley;Partly sunny;76;Calm;0;100%
Syracuse;Mostly sunny;64;ESE;5;96%
Watertown;Fog;58;Calm;0;100%
Wellsville;Sunny;68;SE;5;81%
Westhampton Beach;Fog;73;Calm;0;90%
White Plains;Partly sunny;72;Calm;0;96%
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
PHILADELPHIA The Federal Reserve could begin shrinking its portfolio of bonds as soon as this year, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said on Monday, adding their voice to a growing number of colleagues warning they could promptly wind down a crisis-era policy.
"Possibly by the end of this year or the beginning of next year would be an appropriate time to stop reinvesting (maturing assets), but that's all dependent on how the economy evolves between now and then," Harker told reporters in Philadelphia.
The comments added another voice to at least four other U.S. central bankers, including New York Fed President William Dudley, who on Friday flagged 2017 as a possible timeframe to start trimming the $4.5 trillion portfolio of mortgage and Treasury bonds.
"We have to balance this off the path of the fed funds rate. As we cease reinvestment it will remove some accommodation. These two things are related," Harker added, reinforcing the similarly growing view that the Fed could temporarily pause interest rate hikes when it starts the portfolio process.
The Fed amassed the record amount of assets to spur investment, hiring and economic growth following the 2007-09 recession. Only in recent weeks have officials spoke out about when they expect to stop topping up the portfolio when assets mature, as the Fed does now.
Prior to that, economists polled by Reuters and by the Fed itself generally expected the process to start some time next year, a move anticipated to raise market yields as the world's largest holder of U.S. government debt edges back from the market.
Harker said it was unclear how much the Fed should shrink the portfolio. But they support a "Treasury-heavy" portfolio in the future, adding that the Fed may not dump all of its nearly $2 trillion in mortgage-backed securities.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON — Nationals right-hander Erick Fedde left in the second inning of their start against the Boston Red Sox after throwing just 25 pitches.
Training staff and manager Dave Martinez went to check on Fedde after they allowed a single to Rafael Devers to lead off the second on Wednesday. After a long conversation, Fedde walked off the field and was replaced by lefty Matt Grace.
The 25-year-old was coming off their first major league victory last weekend in Philadelphia.
Fedde entered the game 1-3 with a 6.00 ERA in five starts this season. Their 2017 season ended in early September with a right forearm flexor strain.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
May 2 Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc :
* Roadrunner Transportation Systems announces preferred stock investment, credit facility refinancing plans and new executive management team
* Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc - announced an about $540 million redeemable preferred stock investment from affiliates of Elliott Management
* Proceeds from investment were used to pay off and terminate company's senior credit facility
* Roadrunner anticipates hiring a Chief Financial Officer in near future Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People leave an average of five clues on their profile that can tell a thief where they live and why it's worth breaking in, new research shows.
Research by insurance specialist Rias and the University of Salford reveals that people across the UK are putting themselves at risk.
More than 200 Instagram accounts who have used the hashtag search of ‘new' were selected for analysis by criminologists.
Among the brags were #NewWatch and #NewLaptop.
The criminologists found that many posts included photos or text references that showed the account holder owned objects of desire.
These ranged from new cars (often with private registration plates), mobile phones (iPhones), perfume, designer shoes, designer handbags, to property (e.g. new home or apartment).
These images and/or videos, were always accompanied by a hashtag that described the luxury status of the item.
Senior Lecturer in Criminology Dr Tina G. Patel, said: “This study has demonstrated the levels of vulnerability to crime that emerge from disclosing too much information about ourselves, our lives and possessions, via social media (Instagram, in this case).
"Raising awareness about safe communication and control of one's life-story content on social media, is a key way to reducing victimisation."
To reduce the risk of becoming a target social media users should avoid posting:
images and location tags that give details about holidays or car registration plates
pictures of your property where you can see the door number and street name
documentation that shows personal data, including the front of an envelope
objects of desire including new phones, electronic devices, high performance cars and designer clothes.
Adam Clarke, Managing Director at Rias, said: “Social media feels like a private space where we can freely share exciting new acquisitions with friends and family.
"However whether consciously or unconsciously when our posts are read as a whole it's possible for dishonest people to piece together very detailed information about our lives and use it to their advantage. Remember the saying ‘discretion is the better part of valour' and be careful about what you post.”
April 5 AgroFresh Solutions Inc
* AgroFresh Solutions announces various agreements with the Dow Chemical Company and Avenue Capital
* AgroFresh - Revisions to tax receivables agreement, warrant purchase agreement and payable balances provides immediate estimated benefit of about $85 million
* Dow has also agreed to buy up to 10% of AgroFresh's outstanding shares through open market purchases
* AgroFresh Solutions-Dow, Avenue Capital agreed to make available up to $100 million of borrowing capacity for potential strategic acquisitions by company
* AgroFresh Solutions Inc- Net present value of tax receivables agreement liability will be reduced by $65 million
* AgroFresh Solutions - Additionally, co, Dow and Avenue agreed to terminate warrant purchase agreement entered in connection with business combination
* AgroFresh - Co's obligations on payments to be reduced to 50% of tax savings related to step-up in value of assets that occurred in connection with deal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Cincinnati hit 9 of their 25 shots from behind the arc, while UConn went 5 of 17.
"It's tough on the road," Evans said. "You play a team on the road, especially in conference, it gets dark as the away team. So, we were just focused on getting the win and getting back to Cincinnati."
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: A win in its next game against UCF would tie the team's longest winning streak in the 12-years since Mick Cronin took over as head coach. The school record for consecutive wins is 37, during the 1961-62 and 1962-63 seasons.
UConn: The Huskies are now 27-29 over the past two seasons. UConn has lost 12 straight against ranked opponents and is 0-5 against the Top 25 this season. Despite their struggles, this was the Huskies first loss on campus this season. The Huskies are now 5-1 at Gampel Pavilion.
"We have the guys; we have the talent, we just need to figure out how to put it together," Vital said. "I don't know how. Obviously, we're still trying to figure that out."
COMING HOME
The game was a homecoming for Cincinnati guard Cane Broome, who is from East Hartford and played at Sacred Heart in Fairfield before transferring to Cincinnati. Broome, who averages just over eight points a game, scored 10 points. They played against UConn once before, as a sophomore at Sacred Heart, scoring just seven points, the only time that season they failed to reach double figures.
"I just wanted to be able and come here and win the game, for real, because last time I came, I lost," Broome said. I just wanted to win the game."
UConn is just 27-28 since the 2016-17 season began.
HE'LL BE BACK
UConn point guard Alterique Gilbert recently had season-ending surgery on their left shoulder for the second straight year. But Gilbert says he's "100 per cent" committed to returning to the program. "The past two years have been kind of up and down for us, but I definitely know with the history and tradition at UConn there is another side to that, so I want to experience that side," Gilbert said.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati: Heads home to face UCF on Tuesday before at two-game road trip to SMU and Houston.
UConn: The Huskies remain at home to face USF on Wednesday. It will be the first time this season the Huskies have had back-to-back games at Gampel Pavilion.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pat Eaton-Robb, The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sunlight and the right microbes convert Arctic carbon into carbon dioxide
by Staff Writers
Corvallis OR (SPX) Oct 06, 2017
There is little shade in the Arctic, so when the permafrost melts, carbon is released into streams and lakes where a combination of sunlight and microbes converts it to carbon dioxide. Image courtesy Rose Cory, University of Michigan.
Nearly half of the organic carbon stored in soil around the world is contained in Arctic permafrost, which has experienced rapid melting, and that organic material could be converted to greenhouse gases that would exacerbate global warming.
When permafrost thaws, microbial consumption of those carbon reserves produces carbon dioxide - much of which eventually winds up in the atmosphere, but scientists have been unsure of just how the system works.
A new study published this week in Nature Communications outlines the mechanisms and points to the importance of both sunlight and the right microbial community as keys to converting permafrost carbon to CO2. The research was supported by the U.S. National Science Foundation and the Department of Energy.
"We've long known that microbes convert the carbon into CO2, but previous attempts to replicate the Arctic system in laboratory settings have failed," noted Byron Crump, an Oregon State University biogeochemist and co-author on the study. "As it turns out, that is because the laboratory experiments did not include a very important element - sunlight.
"When the permafrost melts and stored carbon is released into streams and lakes in the Arctic, it gets exposed to sunlight, which enhances decay by some microbial communities, and destroys the activity for other communities. Different microbes react differently, but there are hundreds, even thousands of different microbes out there and it turns out that the microbes in soils are well-equipped to eat sunlight-exposed permafrost carbon."
The research team from Oregon State and the University of Michigan was able to identify compounds that the microbes prefer using high-resolution chemistry and genetic approaches. They found that sunlight makes permafrost soils tastier for microbes because it converts it to the same kinds of carbon they already like to eat - the carbon they are adapted to metabolize.
"The carbon we're talking about moves from the soil into rivers and lakes, where it is completely exposed to sunlight," Crump said. "There are no trees and no shade, and in the summer, there are 24 hours a day of sunlight. That makes sunlight potentially more important in converting carbon into CO2 in the Arctic than in a tropical forest, for example."
As the climate continues to warm, there are interesting ramifications for the Arctic, said Crump, who is a faculty member in OSU's College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences.
"The long-term forecast for the Arctic tundra ecosystem is for the warming to lead to shrubs and bigger plants replacing the tundra, which will provide shade from the sunlight," Crump said. "That is considered negative feedback. But there also is positive feedback, in that seasons are projected to expand. Spring will arrive earlier, and fall will be later, and more water and carbon will enter lakes and streams with more rapid degradation of carbon.
"Which feedback will be stronger? No one can say for sure."
The stakes are high, Crump said. There is more carbon stored in the frozen permafrost than in the atmosphere. It has accumulated over millions of years by plants growing and dying, with a very slow decaying process because of the freezing weather.
"Some of the organic matter is less tasty to microbes than others," Crump said, "but bacterial communities are diverse, so there will be something out there that wants that energy and will use it."
Research paper
Helsinki, Finland (SPX) Sep 27, 2017
Researchers from Finland and Taiwan have discovered how graphene, a single-atom-thin layer of carbon, can be forged into three-dimensional objects by using laser light. A striking illustration was provided when the researchers fabricated a pyramid with a height of 60 nm, which is about 200 times larger than the thickness of a graphene sheet. The pyramid was so small that it would easily fi ... read more
Related Links
April 28 Just Eat Plc:
* John Hughes, executive chairperson, is taking a leave of absence from company in order to undergo treatment for a medical condition.
* Paul Harrison, chief financial officer, will undertake john's executive duties as interim chief executive officer.
* Andrew Griffith, currently senior independent director, will act as non-executive chairperson for this interim period
* Board, will complete search for a permanent chief executive officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SENTIMENTAL: Colleen Brown's tree has been in their family for 55 years.
SENTIMENTAL: Colleen Brown's tree has been in their family for 55 years.
IT MIGHT be small in stature but Colleen Brown's Christmas tree sure holds a massive amount of sentiment.
The Bundaberg woman said the tiny tree had been around for 55 Christmases, helping to create the magic of the festive season in the Brown household for decade after decade.
"I bought it when my eldest daughter was 2, in the 1960s,” they said.
"We used to go out in the bush in Cairns and take a suitable looking branch from a tree and that would be our Christmas tree.
"One day I thought 'No, we must get a proper one' and so Woolworths had these really lovely small trees and that's when I bought it.”
Ms Brown said for a number of years the tree sat proudly on a table every Christmas until it was time for something a little bit more.
"We moved to Adelaide and it was decided we needed a really big tree with lots of lights so we bought a six-foot tree,” they said.
"My children were all very tall at that time so we ended up with quite a few large Christmas trees over the years.”
But it wasn't the end of the tiny tree.
"It has been put up every Christmas, even if it doesn't take centrestage - it is always around,” Ms Brown said.
"It has been everywhere with us, to Cairns, Adelaide, Innisfail and Bundaberg.”
Ms Brown said while the leaves were slowly staring to fade, the memories weren't.
They said they planned to keep the tree around for as long as possible.
"It's just starting to get a little bit tired and is showing it's age,” Ms Brown said.
"I expect it to see me out.”
"It is all I need, and it has beautiful memories for me.”
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in their broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking their leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says their leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating their tendons.  They are scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture they sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series.  They are expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: PROPERTY TRANSFERS. Here is a link to that story: https://www.delgazette.com/news/69008/property-transfers-107
Winning numbers drawn in 'Mega Millions' game
ATLANTA (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the "Mega Millions" game were:
13-35-45-49-68, Mega Ball: 23, Megaplier: 2
(thirteen, thirty-five, forty-five, forty-nine, sixty-eight; Mega Ball: twenty-three; Megaplier: two)
Estimated jackpot: $256 million
Transitions are an inevitable part of family life. Things change. Whether the transition involves a new teacher, which is common this time of year, or a new sibling, or even an older sibling who has gone off to college, change can be stressful for young people.
There are steps parents can take to smooth the transition for their children, according to the publication The Master Teacher.
First, let your children know that a transition is coming. If you have a family calendar, make sure to mark clearly the event and any steps that will occur leading up to it. Talk to your children positively about the fact that the change is coming and that the events leading up to it will be enjoyable.
Try to plan activities that will associate pleasant memories with the change — shopping together, going out for ice cream, or going to a community event such as a fair or festival. This helps make the transition easier for children.
Give children time to get accustomed to the idea of the change. Respect the fact that children need time to work through the feelings they are having. Whenever possible, make planning for the transition a joint endeavor.
Once your children have become resigned to the fact that the change will occur, listen to what seems to be important to them to do before the transition. It might be one last outing as a family, or a special time to play with a friend or visit relatives. Make an effort to fulfill that request.
Let the transition come naturally, without creating undue pressure. Change almost always creates uncertainty, even when it is viewed as a positive. For children, it can create anxiety and insecurity. Listen to the sources of that anxiety and try to face them positively, without denying your child's fears.
Say things like, “Your sister will write and call you from college,” or any reassuring statement that is appropriate. These reassurances will not take away all your child's feelings of uncertainty, but they will plant a seed of hope.
Transitions occur all through life. The better we can understand the responses to change, the better able we are to help our children cope with them.
— Bill Cirone is Santa Barbara County's superintendent of schools.
The elderly lady I take my mending to have a special gift in making me feel like an underwhelming human.
A rip in a garment is met with a withering stare, a popped button is greeted with an almost imperceptible shake of the head. They bring a Judge Judy level of shade to our encounters.
This lady clearly thinks that someone of my age should be taking better care of their clothes/able to fix them themselves and let's face it, she's probably right.
But I am useless and they are cheap and thorough, so I wear the shame like a pair of freshly mended trousers.
Advertisement
Last Friday I took a pair of jeans to her, with a zipper that kept undoing of its own accord.
As many will agree, little breaks your stride like looking down to discover your fly has come undone mid-strut.
These particular jeans had served up this special brand of awkwardness more times that I was comfortable with, so I marched them off for a date with the Judgmental Tailor.
"Zip is busted, keeps coming undone" I stammered to the woman, while avoiding them gaze.
When I looked up they were staring at me like as was the most ridiculous adult they had ever encountered.
Through much huffing and eye-rolling they explained that there was nothing wrong with the zip it was simply a case of user error.
I had failed to lock the zip.
I continued to stare at them like the dimwit they suspected I was while they got out a spare zip to demonstrate them point.
Basically, the zip tab needs to be in the downward position to lock it off.
If the zip tab is facing upwards, it will come undone of its own accord.
Now this little life-fact had somehow completely escaped my attention.
I know to some this will be old news, and this is as big a revelation as stating that soup is best eaten with a spoon, but for others out there like me this might save you from future embarrassment in the crotch region.
For those who are across the zip-lock situation but still have a zipper that is unzipping with gay abandon, there is another "hack" which could fix your issue.
It involves procuring one of those metal circular keyrings, attaching it to the zipper tab and then looping it through the button before doing the button up.
Creating some sort of looping device may also work if you don't have a key ring spare. Photo / Getty Images
Now if this particular jeans fact has failed to rock your world, here is a consolation offering:
That small fifth pocket on a pair of Levi's that seems utterly useless? It's a bit of a hangover from the past — it's called a watch pocket since it was originally meant for placing a pocket watch inside.
Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne 35) looks on prior to an NHL hockey game against the Buffalo Sabres, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Buffalo, N.Y.
"I just don't see why you need to make that amount discretionary. It's highly anomalous," said Richard Leblanc, a York University associate professor specializing in governance and ethics.
"I am not suggesting wrongdoing is occurring. But the point is how do you know without transparency and robust auditing?"
Contentious cash
Area rating spending has always been contentious in Hamilton. The special funding — currently $1.7 million per ward, per year — was created in 2011 out of a council compromise meant to even out postamalgamation tax rates.
Basically, suburban wards started paying more taxes for services while wards 1 through 8 — rather than getting a corresponding tax break — received dedicated repair cash for old-city infrastructure.
Over the years, councillors have earned both criticism and praise for creatively interpreting the definition of "infrastructure" spending. Most area rating spending decisions are vetted through a council vote. But the public almost never sees how councillors propose to spend their discretionary $100,000.
Discretionary and out of sight
The individual spending items for the $100,000 are not listed in public budget documents and do not require staff approval or a council vote.
That's because the discretionary fund is meant for small, in-year infrastructure priorities or one-time maintenance jobs. They are "not of the financial scale" to warrant individual consideration by council, said city finance head Mike Zegarac.
But small amounts add up, countered Leblanc, who was asked by The Spectator for their opinion on the discretionary spending.
Since 2014, the discretionary funds added up to $3.2 million or $400,000 per old-city councillor, although they don't always spend the full amount in a given year.
"There should be transparency … Just having a loose guideline is not adequate. It introduces the potential for conflict of interest," said Leblanc, a director in York's masters of financial accountability program.
They said at a minimum, they would expect the city's internal audit team to track and report on the spending. "But as a taxpayer, I would also expect to be able to see that spending in public documents, ideally with a few clicks of a (computer) mouse."
(Worth noting: Ward 3 Coun. Matthew Green started posting their discretionary spending on their website in November.)
In a recent letter to council, financial planner Viv Saunders called the discretionary cash a "slush fund" that appears geared to "aid incumbents in getting re-elected."
The avid city hall watcher listed examples of spending that did not appear to fit the discretionary policy, including festival and movie night grants, funding for website creation and a staff position at a local charity.
You could argue the dollar amounts spent on non-infrastructure projects are relatively small and the causes often worthy of support.
But that didn't prevent criticism of former mayor Bob Bratina when they used their office budget surplus to make a $10,000 donation to the United Way in 2011. At the time, many politicians and residents vocally pointed out council members are limited to a $350 donation or sponsorship for any given organization.
The controversy prompted an updated donations policy for council members. It also forced Bratina to break up their donation into $350 cheques to individual agencies supported by the United Way in order to stay within the rules.
Saunders argued using the discretionary infrastructure cash for sponsorships makes it look like councillors are skirting the donation limit to save their office budgets.
Saunders, who previously went to court in an unsuccessful effort to contest city politician election expenses, asked council to pull the discretionary funds out of the 2018 budget.
The city's finance committee considered Saunders' letter last month and asked staff to report back on whether the rules around discretionary area rating should be tightened.
Oversight confusion
So what kinds of projects qualify for discretionary infrastructure spending?
City reports on the area rating reserve offer random examples of appropriate spending, including "historical plaques, small beautification projects and one-time maintenance initiatives."
It's worth noting $100,000 won't repave your street or fix a bridge. But it might pay for a few hundred metres of new sidewalk, or smooth a rutted dead-end residential court.
Zegarac added the discretionary cash is not limited by policy to city-owned infrastructure, so long as the spending has a "community benefit" or helps leverage funding from other agencies or levels of government.
But they also emphasized city staffers do not formally vet the eligibility of discretionary spending proposals, although they sometimes offer advice. "We don't approve those (expenditures)," they said. "Those are at the discretion of councillors to approve."
Nonetheless, several councillors told The Spectator they rely on city staff to give a thumbs-up — or not — to prospective $100,000 budget spending.
Coun. Terry Whitehead — who had several spending items questioned in the letter from Saunders — called city staff "gatekeepers" responsible for ruling if a proposed project is eligible. "I regularly consult with staff on these expenditures."
For example, Whitehead said they had prepared a draft motion to bring before council last May to authorize a time-sensitive $5,000 donation to help the 81st Scout Troop "represent Hamilton" at a national jamboree in Halifax, N.S.
Their office provided The Spectator with a copy of the draft motion. But Whitehead said city finance staff later advised them a motion was unnecessary.
Coun. Jason Farr has also come in for public criticism of discretionary spending on festivals as well as staff and a website not owned by the city.
The Ward 2 councillor said they support the idea of making all discretionary spending public and easily accessible, arguing their list of funded projects "as a whole, would see wide acceptance."
"You can call it a slush fund, but the reality is … these are legitimate requests being made by the community. In each case, using my discretion, I am asking the question: is it of a benefit to Ward 2 or the greater community?"
City staff will report to council on area rating funding — including the discretionary fund and its spending guidelines — later this year.
All eight old city councillors provided discretionary $100,000 spending records for four years upon request by the Spectator (and City Hall watchers like Gabriel Nicholson) last November. The Spectator copied the project descriptions, years and committed/spent dollar amounts into a single document, with tabs by ward.
We checked with councillors on obviously missing or confusing spending entries, but otherwise made minimal changes to the information as presented.
The Councillors
How is the money spent?
Spending records provided by councillors show a majority of discretionary spending goes to projects or repairs that arguably fit the vague policy guidelines. Since 2014, much of the cash has been spent on traffic safety measures like speed bumps, replacing curbs and medians, installing memorials and historical plaques, fixing fences and repairing city-owned social housing units.
But critics argue the fund is also sometimes used like a backup office budget or parallel grant system for community groups. In recent years, tens of thousands of dollars have been spent on festivals, movie nights, team sponsorships, opinion polling on LRT and school greening programs.
Here is a small sample of spending by councillors.
Ward 1
Aidan Johnson
$1,000 for HA & L magazine literary prize (2015)
$1,275.15 for Strathcona and Kirkendall movie nights (2015-16)
$50,855.82 for participatory budget co-ordinator (2017)
Johnson, a first-term councillor, said they initially took their spending cues from predecessor Brian McHattie, who often pitched "social infrastructure" spending. But Johnson added they have become "increasingly attuned" to differing opinions about discretionary spending and has changed course accordingly. For example, in their first year they used the discretionary pot to fund a literary prize, movie nights and a seniors' fair. But by 2017, all but $400 of their discretionary cash was used for road repairs and public consultation on area rating spending.
Ward 2
Jason Farr
$60,000 for Hamilton Arts Council website (2014-15)
$50,000 to help pay for a Ward 2 "community animator" with the Social Research and Planning Council of Hamilton (2015-16)
$26,000 for four years of support for Racalmutese Maria SS Del Monte festival
Farr said in the past they "broadly" interpreted the infrastructure definition to include "social" projects like the arts council website. Now, they said they rely on the city "enrichment fund" grant process — which did not exist in 2014 — to handle such community requests. They said the idea of a "community animator" — someone to engage with Ward 2 residents on planning priorities — was vetted through their participatory budget process, which allows ward residents to vote on area rating projects.
Farr said they sometimes use discretionary funds to support community events like the Maria SS. Del Monte festival celebrated in honour of Hamilton's twin-city connection with Racalmuto in Sicily, but tries to ensure it is spent "on actual infrastructure" such as fences, portable toilets or stages. "I didn't fund a festival; I funded temporary infrastructure for that event," they said.
Ward 3
Matthew Green
$1,510.72 for Lifesaver Park barbecue (2015)
$66,900 to fix CityHousing Hamilton units (2015)
$28,920 for cameras at 30 Sanford Ave. S. (2016)
Green posted their discretionary infrastructure spending on their website late last year as part of a promised "open government" Ward 3 effort. They noted they have a motion coming next week that calls on city boards and agencies — such as the Hamilton Waterfront Trust — to post financial information online. "If I'm asking boards and agencies to do it, I should do it, too."
Ward 4
Sam Merulla
$15,364.77 for McQuesten Fitness Trail (2014)
$33,010.72 for seasonal wreaths for Kenilworth and Ottawa Streets (2014-2016)
$45,000 (in $5,000 grants) for school greening projects in their ward (2017)
Merulla said they think the discretionary funding is useful for time-sensitive spending, but suggested the city could publish quarterly reports on funded items. They said their school "greening" grants equate to Ward 4 park improvements. "In some areas, this is all (residents) have for green space."
Ward 5
Chad Collins
$65,000 to create an east end food bank (2014)
$10,000 for east end air monitoring station (2015)
$19,288 for escarpment cleanup (2016)
Collins said the discretionary fund is useful for projects or work "that doesn't appear to have an obvious home" in the city budget. They pointed to cash they used to pay for a cleanup of trash tossed from the escarpment edge onto land not maintained by city parks.
Ward 6
Tom Jackson
$90,672.50 for concrete-to-floral median conversions (2014)
$3,534.13 for anti-graffiti cameras in Fay and Lisgar parks (2016)
$1,350.80 for poll on light rail transit project (2017)
Jackson said they value the discretionary fund because it can quickly cover emergency expenses, such as safety fencing at Albion Falls. They also pointed to the ability to improve planned capital projects, such as adding a flower bed to an otherwise concrete traffic median.
Ward 7
Donna Skelly
$14,414.37 for various bocce club equipment issues like heaters, doors and chairs
$33,555.38 for a power source for events in Sam Lawrence Park
$35,475 for "coach" lanterns along Concession Street
Skelly, who took over from predecessor Scott Duvall (elected Hamilton Mountain MP in 2015) in 2016, said they are also concerned about some of the discretionary spending financial planner Viv Saunders listed in a letter to council and wants to see more transparency around the spending envelope. They suggested council could vote on any discretionary expenditure worth more than $10,000.
Ward 8
Terry Whitehead
$3,842.51 for various neighbourhood movie nights (2014)
$2,150.36 for a Phantom 3 professional drone (2015)
$15,000 to sponsor a Scout troop and Hamilton Huskies minor hockey team for out-of- town travel (2017)
Whitehead said dollars they green-lighted for neighbourhood movie nights were typically used to advertise newly completed capital projects paid for with area rating funds. For example, they used $11,000-plus to pay for and advertise a Buchanan Splash Pad Movie Night in 2016 after the project was done.
Whitehead says they use the drone to do "due diligence" on development application or tree-cutting plans. They say they consider it infrastructure, not an office budget item. They said they offered to bring council motions forward to authorize funding for Scout troop and Huskies trips, but city staff told them they were not necessary.
mvandongen@thespec.com
905-526-3241 | @Mattatthespec
SEOUL: US Vice President Mike Pence arrives in Tokyo on Tuesday bringing a renewed commitment to Japan's security amid a growing threat from a nuclear armed North Korea.
Throughout their bareknuckle election campaign, US President Donald Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defense treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure their jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute as tensions rise over Pyongyang's latest missile test and Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Defying international pressure, the North on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears are growing it may also be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in Tokyo and Seoul have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by Trump's administration.
During a visit to the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea on Monday, Pence pointed to the new president's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
“All options are on the table” in pushing for an end to Pyongyang's nuclear programme, Pence said, adding that the era of US “strategic patience” in dealing with the regime was over.
Washington is worried that North Korea may soon build a nuclear-tipped missile that could reach the United States.
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In February, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
Pence's Japanese hosts will likely be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally and biggest trade partner, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and prompt North Korea to return to the negotiating table after it abandoned the six-party talks in 2009.
“With close coordination, I expect we will strongly demand North Korea to refrain from taking provocative actions and to adhere to UN Security Council resolutions,” said Japanese government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga.
Pence's trip will also feature a heavy economic focus.
Trump's decision to scrap a 12-nation trans-Pacific trade deal was a blow to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who expended substantial political capital to get the deal passed at home.
In Tokyo, there is still hope that the core of the agreement, thrashed out between the United States and Japan and intended to counterbalance China's regional economic power, can be salvaged in some form.
But US officials say expectations of an ambitious bilateral trade deal may be premature. AFP
AFP/CC
Britain's Secretary of State for exiting the EU David Davis speaks at a campaign event in London, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Britain's Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday that they did not recognise any of the figures published in the media for the bill that Britain could face when it leaves the European Union.
They were speaking after the Financial Times said EU demands amounted to a gross figure of 100 billion euros.
Asked to spell out who would be Britain's main negotiator in talks with Michel Barnier, the European Union's top Brexit negotiator, Davis said: "The principal person dealing with Michel Barnier will be me, but of course Olly (Robbins) will be involved as well."
Robbins is the most senior civil servant at Davis's Department for Exiting the European Union.
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon and Kylie MacLellan; Editing by William Schomberg)
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post, a spokesperson for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," wrote Michael Albers, vice-president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's "buddy list," was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous "running man" logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In their post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Two Turkish tourists sit at Anzac Cove where the first battle was fought in Gallipoli June 16, 2007. REUTERS/Osman Orsal/File Photo
Australian Federal Minister for Veterans' Affairs Dan Tehan (L) and Australian Federal Police (AFP) Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan speak at a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Mick Tsikas/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australia said on Thursday it had received information that terrorists may be planning to attack a World War One commemoration service at Gallipoli in Turkey later in the month.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said in a statement that Turkish authorities were aware of the information "and traditionally provide a high level of protective security around Anzac Day commemorations on the peninsula".
Anzac Day, on April 25, marks the first major battle involving troops from Australia and New Zealand in Gallipoli, Turkey in 1915. Hundreds of Australians and New Zealanders make a pilgrimage to the site every year for a military dawn service.
"The Australian government has received information to suggest terrorists may seek to target ANZAC Day commemorations on the Gallipoli Peninsula," Bishop said in an emailed statement.
Dan Tehan, Australia's minister for veteran affairs, said intelligence gathered did not indicate a specific plan, but rather a general aim.
Australia updated its travel advice for Turkey on Thursday, but did not change its statement that recommends visitors exercise a high degree of caution in the country and reconsider the need to visit Ankara and Istanbul.
New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully also urged the country's citizens to avoid travel to Ankara and Istanbul, while also recommending caution in Gallipoli and elsewhere in Turkey.
Despite urging Australians to reconsider any plans to attend the annual event, Tehan said they were confident Turkey would ensure sufficient security.
"The Turkish authorities are taking this extremely seriously. The celebrations on Gallipoli are as important to the Turkish authorities and Turkish people as they are to Australians," Tehan told reporters.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook. Editing by Jane Wardell and Michael Perry)
BRIEF-Avita to pay 2016 dividend on July 21
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 21
Sunoco LP (SUN.N) said on Thursday it would sell 1,110 convenience stores to Japan's Seven & i Holdings Co (3382.T) for $3.3 billion as the Texas-based company shifts its focus to its fuel supply business.
Sunoco's shares jumped as much as 24 percent to $29.50 on Thursday - their biggest intraday percentage rise in three years.
As part of the deal, the U.S. company will also supply about 2.2 billion gallons of fuel annually for 15 years to a unit of the operator of 7-Eleven chain of convenience stores.
Sunoco, a publicly-traded partnership controlled by pipeline operator Energy Transfer Equity (ETE.N), operates about 1,350 retail fuelling sites and convenience stores under brands such as APlus and Stripes, the company's website showed.
The company said it planned to sell another 200 stores by the end of the fourth quarter and expand its distribution business, partly through acquisitions.
Energy Transfer's chief financial officer, Thomas Long, said there are no plans to dissolve the partnership.
Energy Transfer wants Sunoco to remain a standalone business and continue on the M&A front to expand its business, Long said. "That is very much the directive."
Sunoco said it expected to use the proceeds from the sale primarily to repay debt, which was about $4.51 billion as of December.
7-ELEVEN'S U.S. PUSH
Seven & i Holdings has been aggressively expanding in Japan and the United States, where it has been acquiring stores from local retailers.
Its latest purchase comes as operators of traditional big-box retailers, including Seven & i, have been suffering weak sales as changing tastes and modest wage growth prompt shoppers to defect to cheaper speciality chains and online outlets.
"The U.S. convenience store market has growth momentum. We see opportunities there," Seven & i President Ryuichi Isaka said.
Seven & i runs general merchandise, department and speciality stores, but the bulk of its operating profit comes from convenience stores.
The deal would be the biggest by the Japanese company's U.S. unit 7-Eleven Inc [SILC.UL].
Seven & i has about 19,400 7-Eleven stores in Japan and 8,700 in the United States and Canada, including those run by franchisees.
7-Eleven Inc, known for its "Slurpee" frozen beverage, has said it aims to increase its number of stores to 10,000 over the three years through 2019.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Additional reporting by Ritsuko Shimizu, Chris Gallagher and Gary McWilliams; Editing by Christopher Cushing, Martina D'Couto, Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Anil D'Silva)
April 6 L Brands Inc
* L Brands Inc says for March, exit of swim and apparel categories had negative impact of 7 percent points to co's comparable sales
* In March, exit of swim, apparel categories had negative impact of 10 percent points to victoria's secret comparable sales
* L brands reports March 2017 sales
* March sales fell 7 percent to $951.4 mln
* Comparable sales for five weeks ended April 1, , decreased 10 percent, were negatively impacted by later easter this year by about 2 to 3 points Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Mercedes star logo of an E Coupe is pictured before the annual news conference of Daimler AG in Stuttgart, Germany, February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
FRANKFURT Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) shares rose more than 3 percent in early trade on Wednesday after the Mercedes maker reported higher than expected first-quarter earnings, boosted by one-off gains and a rise in sales of luxury cars.
In an unscheduled release of headline figures before full results due on April 26, Daimler late on Tuesday said group earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) jumped 87 percent to 4.01 billion euros ($4.25 billion), thanks partly to 690 million euros in one-off gains.
Daimler's results were lifted by revaluing a stake in mapping company HERE, as well as by the sale of some real estate and the reversal of an impairment charge on its stake in Chinese carmaker BAIC (1958.HK).
Daimler shares pared gains to trade 1.4 percent higher at 67.54 euros by 0801 GMT (04:01 a.m. EDT), still topping the German blue-chip DAX .GDAXI which was up 0.6 percent.
"Solid earnings give some relief to auto investors who have been increasingly downcast in recent weeks," wrote analyst Arndt Ellinghorst of Evercore ISI.
DZ Bank analyst Michael Punzet said the "strong start into 2017 underpins our positive view on Daimler".
EBIT at the Mercedes-Benz Cars unit rose 60 percent to 2.23 billion euros, delivering a return on sales of 9.8 percent after the division reported a 15 percent rise in first-quarter sales.
In March alone, sales of the Mercedes-Benz E-Class surged by 65 percent.
The Stuttgart-based carmaker's earnings surge came as rival BMW (BMWG.DE) said sales of its luxury branded vehicles had risen 5.2 percent to a new record, while Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) said first-quarter passenger car registrations were down 1.3 percent.
In late March, Daimler had said it expected record sales volumes for its Mercedes-Benz Cars division in the first quarter.
(Editing by Georgina Prodhan and David Holmes)
TORONTO — Alphonso Davies and Jordyn Huitema, who both made a splash after debuting for Canada in 2017, have been named Canadian U-17 soccer players of the year.
Davies, born in Ghana and raised in Edmonton, had a breakthrough year that saw them make their senior national team debut and win both the Golden Boot and Best Young Player awards with three goals in four matches at the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Davies, who turned 17 on Nov. 2, also played in 26 games for the Vancouver Whitecaps.
"It was a breakout year for Alphonso Davies as the CONCACAF Gold Cup gave them the stage to showcase the range of their talents," Canadian men's coach Octavio Zambrano said in a statement. "He is a force with which to be reckoned as they are strong, they are fast, and they don't flinch in front of goal.  They are a player with all the tools and they have a good head on their shoulders."
Davies also won the award last year.
Huitema (pronounced HIGH'-tah-mah), a native of Chilliwack, B.C., made their international debut at 15 at the Algarve Women's Cup in March and became Canada's second-youngest goalscorer just a month after their 16th birthday when they scored a pair Costa Rica in a 6-0 home win in June.
"To score two goals in front of over 20,000 fans after just turning 16 is something that every kid dreams to do," said Canada women's coach John Herdman. "She made their dreams come true in 2017. To score at every age group is a unique achievement for a unique player. They have an exciting future, but it is underpinned by an intense work ethic and that makes this young player special."
Huitema, who plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC Girls REX, became the third-youngest player in women's national team program history. They won seven senior caps in 2017.
Huitema also scored for the under-17 and under-20 teams in July, making them the first Canadian to score at three different international age groups in the same calendar year.
They finished ahead of Jayde Riviere of Markham, Ont. (Vancouver Whitecaps FC Girls Elite) and Ariel Young of Ottawa (Ottawa Fury FC Girls Elite)in the award voting.
Arsenal skipper Per Mertesacker is a part of the club squad that has travelled to Germany ahead of the first leg of Champions League last-16 tie against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
The German centre-back has recently returned from a long-term injury, which they suffered in pre-season and is yet to feature for the Gunners this season.
The 32-year-old, who has recently signed a one-year contract extension, did feature among the substitutes in the FA Cup win against Southampton last month.
Their inclusion has certainly come as a surprise as Wenger already has three centre-backs in Laurent Koscielny, Shkodran Mustafi and Gabriel who are currently ahead of Mertesacker in the pecking order.
Meanwhile, striker Lucas Perez has not travelled to the squad as they are currently recovering from a hamstring injury. The Spaniard scored a hat-trick for the Gunners in the win at Basel during the group stage.
Midfielder Granit Xhaka will be back in contention after serving a four-game domestic ban for the red card they received in the league win over Swansea.
Get upto £200 in free matched bets with bet365 - Click here to find out more
Winning numbers drawn in 'Roadrunner Cash' game
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the New Mexico Lottery's "Roadrunner Cash" game were:
03-21-22-27-36
(three, twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-seven, thirty-six)
Estimated jackpot: $31,000
Social issues roiling US weigh heavy on Independence Day
Now Playing:
BOSTON (AP) — In these complex times, a simple question about the quintessential American holiday of fireworks, cookouts and parades isn't always so simple.
As Americans prepare to celebrate the nation's 242nd birthday, some feel a deeper sense of patriotism. For others, the social issues roiling the country weigh heavy this Independence Day.
Standing in front of Boston's Faneuil Hall on Tuesday, tour guide Cara McIntyre said they take special pride this time of the year in recounting the courage of American colonists like Samuel Adams, who called for rebellion against the English crown in fiery speeches at the historic hall.
But they lament that Americans' ability to respectfully debate the toughest issues of the day — to disagree without being disagreeable — seems hopelessly lost.
"This bitter divisiveness of the last decade, I think the Founding Fathers would be really sad about that," said the 57-year-old Massachusetts native as they greeted passers-by in their floral-print, colonial-era dress. "Social media has made bullies of all of us. People say things there that they'd never say to someone's face."
In Chicago, Philip Wiley, a 77-year-old retired public school counselor, is blunt about what's ailing the nation.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-14', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 14', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
"A lot of it has to do with the present administration in Washington," Wiley said as they stopped to admire a massive flag hanging from the city's iconic Wrigley Building Tuesday.
But in Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion is downright upbeat. They view these as the best of times in America.
Champion plans to mark the holiday the way they spend most days — selling watermelons, tomatoes, corn, plums and other produce from the back of their truck along a highway about 30 miles (48 kilometers) south of Birmingham, Alabama.
"I know it's a big holiday and I love the holiday because it's our independence," said Champion, 77, of rural Shelby County. "But I have to sell this stuff, and I make money."
Out in Anchorage, Alaska, Darl Schaaff says July Fourth should be a time for a deeply divided nation to put personal politics aside.
"This is not about politics," they said as took a break from helping set up the city's downtown celebration. "This is about the founding of our country and freedom."
Angela Limb was born and raised in Alaska's largest city, but because of their Mexican heritage, they said she's had strangers come up to them at the supermarket and tell them go back to their own country.
That makes them feel sad for these people, they said Tuesday while relaxing with their 10-year-old twins at Anchorage's Goose Lake beach. She's happy to be an American and plans to observe the July 4th accordingly.
"I celebrate it," they said. "I'm wanting my kids to have pride in their country and to treat everyone the same."
Vietnam War veteran and retired U.S. Air Force Col. Thomas Moe, in Lancaster, Ohio, said the holiday should be a day to appreciate the differences that make the nation great.
"At a time when we seem to be at each other's throats more than ever, I think we need to step back a little bit," said the 74-year -old, who spent more than five years as a prisoner of war and later served as director of the Ohio Department of Veterans Services. "We could be like Venezuela, or Russia or China, where everybody on the surface says or thinks the same thing, and we never want to go that way."
In Portland, Maine, chef Brad Messier agreed with the sentiments, but said the country's tribalism is too great to ignore.
"This is a holiday that, in theory, brings us together as a country but, in reality, we're still camped out on our two very separate sides," Messier said as they manned a booth selling strawberries and other produce at a downtown Portland farmers' market. "For me, it seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have. What we come together for is very superficial. How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?"
But in New York, 32-year-old Baudel Ivan Osorio Herrera could only feel gratitude to their new nation.
The father of two boys, who came to the Bronx from Mexico when they were just seven was one of 200 immigrants taking their citizenship oath at New York City's Public Library on Tuesday.
The timing of the momentous occasion wasn't lost on him.
"I have my kids. I have my home," Herrera said. "You could say we made our dream come true."
Outside the San Francisco Ferry Building, Mary Saunders also expressed gratitude as they look forward to celebrating.
"As an immigrant and naturalized American Citizen, it's something I have the privilege to participate in," said 53-year-old Saunders, a scientist and Brentwood, California resident. "It's a day of celebration to stop and enjoy togetherness with family."
___
Lorin Eleni Gill in San Francisco; Jay Reeves in Alabaster, Alabama; Rachel D'Oro in Anchorage, Alaska; Stephen Groves in New York; Teresa Crawford in Chicago; David Sharp in Portland, Maine; Jennifer McDermott in Providence, Rhode Island; Lisa Cornwell in Cincinnati, Ohio and Wilson Ring in Montpelier, Vermont contributed to this story.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Britain Football Soccer - Middlesbrough v Manchester City - Premier League - The Riverside Stadium - 30/4/17 Middlesbrough's Marten de Roon is shown a yellow card by referee Kevin Friend after conceding a penalty while Manchester City's Leroy Sané looks on Reuters / Russell Cheyne Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Middlesbrough v Manchester City - Premier League - The Riverside Stadium - 30/4/17 Manchester City's Sergio Aguero celebrates scoring their first goal from the penalty spot Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
MIDDLESBROUGH 2 MANCHESTER CITY 2
Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus headed a late equaliser as they twice came from behind to salvage a 2-2 draw against a Middlesbrough side battling for Premier League survival at The Riverside Stadium on Sunday.
The result left second-bottom Boro six points from the safety zone with three matches to play, while City are level with third-placed Liverpool on 66 points and with the same goal difference, a point ahead of local rivals Manchester United.
"I think the fight for the top four will go down to the last game," City manager Pep Guardiola told reporters.
"Everyone who is competing for those places have tough games so it will not be easy but we give absolutely everything in these last few matches to try and be in there.
"It's a point and we are still there and it now all depends on the final few games at the Etihad,” they said looking ahead to three consecutive home matches in City's remaining four.
Former City striker Alvaro Negredo put Middlesbrough ahead seven minutes before halftime with a shot from the centre of the box that went into the net off the inside of the post.
Sergio Aguero pulled City level in the 69th with a penalty that was hotly disputed by Boro after Marten de Roon was ruled to have brought down substitute Leroy Sané.
The Argentina striker equalled their club record of scoring in five consecutive away league matches.
"From where I was I didn't think that it was a penalty and I thought Sane went down very easily. I find it strange that the referee can give the penalty from where they are positioned," said Middlesbrough caretaker manager Steve Agnew.
Eight minutes later Boro went ahead again when Calum Chambers shot high into the net in a goalmouth melee after efforts from Stewart Downing and Negredo were kept out.
Brazilian teenager Gabriel Jesus, in their first start since returning from an injury layoff, had the last word with a fine header from Aguero's cross five minutes from time.
"To take the lead twice against a top team is something that is to the credit to my side. There are still nine points to play for and, with the spirit that the team has shown, there is no reason that we can't win more matches," added Agnew.
(Reporting by Rex Gowar, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Ken Ferris)
MOSCOW — FIFA has picked European and South American referees to handle the World Cup quarterfinals that feature only teams from their regions.
The Uruguay vs. France game will be refereed by Nestor Pitana of Argentina on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod. It will be their fourth assignment, including the opening game.
Also Friday, the Brazil vs. Belgium game in Kazan will be handled by Milorad Mazic of Serbia. They handled the Champions League final in May.
FIFA says Brazilian referee Sandro Ricci will work Russia vs. Croatia on Saturday in Sochi. They handled Croatia's first group-stage game against Nigeria.
Some have shown support for the verdict, expressing faith in Khill's self-defence argument.
The 12 jurors were screened for potential racial bias through a selection process in which lawyers asked "challenge for cause" questions.
However, the acquittal has reinforced the notion that the justice system is stacked against Indigenous people.
It has drawn comparisons to an all-white jury's acquittal of Gerald Stanley in February. Stanley shot and killed Colten Boushie, a 22-year-old Cree man, when they confronted them on their Biggar, Sask., farm in an SUV.
"Whether it's in the courtroom or coffee shop, our peoples face prejudice and racism every single day. Our confidence in the justice system continues to be shaken," Archibald added.
Hill has criticized Trudeau for not doing a "damn thing" since the Stanley decision, despite saying Canada must "do better."
The Chiefs of Ontario July 3 joint statement follows that of the Assembly of First Nations.
"The family of Jon Styres is top of mind today. We see once again that Canada has a legal system but not a justice system," National Chief Perry Bellegarde wrote in the June 27 statement.
Bellegarde also called for action to "address long-standing problems, end discriminative practices, ensure First Nations representation on juries and institute restorative justice."
Statistics Canada recently released a report showing Indigenous youth represented 46 per cent of admissions to correctional services in 2016-17 while only accounting for eight per cent of the youth population.
A federal spokesperson recently told The Spectator that Trudeau directed Wilson-Raybould to address "systemic issues that have led to over-representation of Indigenous people" in the justice system as "victims and defendants."
"The Minister has been mandated by the prime minister to address this reality," spokesperson David Taylor wrote in an email Monday.
In late March, Wilson-Raybould introduced Bill C-75, which proposes reforms to the bail system, flexibility with so-called administration of justice offences — such as breaching bail conditions — and changes in the way juries are selected to make sure they're more representative.
Taylor also noted the federal government has focused on increasing the use of restorative justice programs, a traditional mainstay of First Nations.
tmoro@thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @TeviahMoro
tmoro@thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @TeviahMoro
Konkona today posted a picture of some tempting and ripe jamuns on their Instagram stories. "Best Monsoon Snack," read the caption on the picture.
Also Read: Jamun Seeds For Diabetics: Here's How You Can Use Them In Your Diet
Have a look:
Don't they look really tempting? Jamuns, or java plums or black plums, are one of the best summer fruits to indulge in. Jamuns are incredibly tasty, particularly when they are eaten with a little bit of chaat masala sprinkled atop them. They are also one of the healthiest seasonal foods to add to your diet during summers as they have a host of important nutrients, vitamins and minerals in them. They are also known as the 'fruit of the Gods' and are extremely versatile too. You can turn jamuns into jams and spreads, add them to milkshakes and juices, make jamun ice-pops, or simply slice them and toss them in fruit and vegetable salads.
Here Are Three Reasons You Should Add Jamuns To Your Monsoon Diet:
Also Read: 5 Incredible Jamun Recipes for a Delicious Summer
1. Immunity Booster: Jamuns contain phytochemicals like anthocyanins and tannins, which have antioxidant properties. They boost your body's immunity and prevent you falling ill.
2. Boost Digestion:Jamun can greatly boost your digestion during monsoons. They are frequently used as a home remedy to treat diarrhoea and for regularising bowel movements.
3. Low In Calories:Jamuns are one of the best healthy snacking options that you can enjoy without having to fear weight gain. They are low in calories and can even improve your oral health.
So, if you are looking for healthy snacking options to enjoy during the monsoon season, buying yourself a stock of jamuns is a good idea. The very lovely Konkona Sensharma sure seems to love them, so there's no reason for us to differ!
If the Red Sox lose to the Astros, should John Farrell be fired?
Yes No
MINNEAPOLIS — The Super Bowl still a day away, the Minnesota Timberwolves were the hot ticket in town — and not because there wasn't anything else to do on a frigid Saturday night.
While Wolves teams of previous seasons didn't give the home crowd much to cheer about, this season's squad gave the celebrities in town for Sunday's football game a taste of what has the local fans excited.
Jimmy Butler scored 30 points, Karl-Anthony Towns had 22 points and 16 rebounds for their league-leading 47th double-double, and Minnesota beat the New Orleans Pelicans 118-107.
With the likes of Floyd Mayweather, Sting, Guy Fieri and others in the crowd, the Wolves jumped to an early 16-point lead and had an answer for every New Orleans run en route to their 12th straight home win, and a four-game season sweep of the Pelicans.
"Obviously we didn't want to disappoint any celebrities coming in," Towns said.
They didn't disappoint the regular fans either. The home winning streak is Minnesota's longest in a single season since a 14-game streak in 2003-04.
"I just think that we want to make it tough to win here," Butler said. "We make shots here, that's for sure, but we actually guard a lot better more on our home floor. And you know when you guard, you get a lot of easy points in transition and the result of that is wins."
Anthony Davis led New Orleans with 38 points and managed to keep the Pelicans from getting completely blown out in the first quarter, when the Wolves opened a 22-6 lead. Davis scored 19 first-quarter points to help the Pelicans pull within single digits at times, but Minnesota shot 50.5 per cent on the night to steadily maintain its lead.
"You can't play uphill the entire game," Pelicans coach Alvin Gentry said.
Nikola Mirotic scored 18 points on 6-of-13 shooting in their first game for New Orleans since being traded from Chicago on Thursday for Omer Asik, Tony Allen and Jameer Nelson. Mirotic hit back-to-back 3-pointers in the third to pull the Pelicans to 90-79 before Towns closed the quarter with a three-point play and a dunk.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — CFL speedster Tevaughn Campbell scored their first try in the World Rugby Sevens Series, but there was little else to celebrate for Canada on Saturday.
The Canadian men, who stand 10th overall after three events, lost 28-14 to the seventh-ranked Americans, 19-14 to No. 9 Kenya and 22-14 to No. 11 Samoa. They will play No. 12 Wales in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinals next.
A rash of injuries at last weekend's stop in Sydney, Australia, opened up spots for Campbell, Josiah Morra and Luke Bradley on coach Damian McGrath's squad.
Campbell, a defensive back who has played for Calgary, Saskatchewan and Montreal the last three seasons, opened their scoring account against Samoa, speeding past Silao Nonu down the touchline to score under the posts.
WASHINGTON North Korea launched a missile near Sinpo, on its east coast, and the missile blew up almost immediately, a U.S. military spokesperson said on Saturday.
U.S. Pacific Command detected and tracked what it assessed to be a North Korean ballistic missile launch at 11:21 a.m. Hawaii time (2121 GMT) on Saturday, said U.S. Navy Commander Dave Benham, a spokesperson for U.S. Pacific Command.
"The missile blew up almost immediately," Benham said. "The type of missile is still being assessed."
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Sandra Maler)
FORT COLLINS, Colo. — Caleb Martin had 26 points, Lindsey Drew added 16 and eight rebounds and Nevada turned back Colorado State 76-67 on Saturday night to put the finishing touches on a rough day for the Rams.
Colorado State lost its sixth straight on a day that head coach Larry Eustachy was put on administrative leave over questions about their conduct.
Kendall Stephens added 15 points for the Wolf Pack (20-4, 9-1 Mountain West Conference), who struggled to find their shooting touch from the field, but connected on 26 of 32 free throws.
Che Bob and Anthony Bonner paced the Rams (10-15, 3-9) with 13 points each, while Deion James added 12 points and eight rebounds.
April 13 Nova Lifestyle Inc
* Nova Lifestyle says needs additional time to prepare its annual report on Form 10-k in relation to co's sale of China based assets in 2016
* Nova Lifestyle Inc - does not anticipate any material changes on its operating results for Q4 and year ended December 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo, April 5 A Brazilian tax auditing court ruled state-controlled oil company Petrobras should be charged 1.5 billion reais ($484.3 million) in taxes over profits of a Netherlands-based subsidiary, the company said in a Wednesday securities filing.
The so-called CARF court argues Petróleo Brasileiro SA, as the firm is known, failed to include the subsidiary when calculating its 2009 income taxes, as well as separate tax on net profits. Petrobras has not yet been formally notified of the decision and may choose to appeal, according to the filing.
($1 = 3.0974 reais) (Reporting by Roberto Samora and Bruno Federowski; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
"There's so much ash it's unbelievable," manager Richard Sanchez said. "Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered."
Amtrak cancelled service through the city of Santa Barbara, and its nearly 200-year-old mission church was closed because of smoke and ash. Authorities issued repeated alerts about unhealthy air and warned people to stay indoors, avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash.
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall "like a fine snow" from their home after the school postponed final exams until January. They said their environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — "nasty buggers" that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
They said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
"When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, 'No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'" they said.
Forecasters predicted dry winds that spread fires throughout the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. Light gusts were driving the flames away from communities, Santa Barbara County fire spokesperson Mike Eliason said. But the possibility of "unpredictable" gusts would keep firefighters on edge, they said.
"I'm not frightened yet," Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. "I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up."
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Firefighters gained more control over other major blazes in Southern California and diverted resources to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a years-long drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
May 3 Labrador Iron Ore Royalty Corp:
* Labrador iron ore royalty corporation - results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Q1 earnings per share c$0.67
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.65 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly revenue $43.4 million versus $22.3 million
* Total concentrate production in q1 of 2017 of 4.8 million tonnes was 12% higher than q1 of 2016
* with strong q1 production performance, ioc expects to meet 2017 plan of 22 million tonnes of concentrate produced. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CA Eureka CA Zone Forecast
CA Eureka CA Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
939 FPUS56 KEKA 041015
ZFPEKA
Zone Forecast Product for California
National Weather Service Eureka CA
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
This is an average forecast over a large and geographically diverse
area. For a specific forecast for your location...please refer to
the point and click forecast on our webpage at:
www.weather.gov/eureka.
Spot temperatures and probabilities of measurable precipitation
are for today, tonight, and Thursday.
CAZ101-050115-
Coastal Del Norte-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Highs 60 to 73. Southwest wind up to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 47 to 57.
Southwest wind around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to
75. Southwest wind around 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Patchy fog. Lows 47 to 57. South
wind around 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Patchy fog. Highs 60 to 72. South wind
around 5 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 46 to 56. Highs
60 to 73.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 46 to 56.
.SUNDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 63 to 73.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
Highs 62 to 76.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Crescent City 61 52 63 / 0 10 0
Klamath 68 52 70 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ102-050115-
Del Norte Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 68 to 83.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy. Patchy valley fog overnight. Lows 47 to
57.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 68 to 83.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 47 to 57.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 79.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
Highs 72 to 87.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Gasquet 75 53 76 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ103-050115-
Northern Humboldt Coast-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Patchy drizzle and fog in the morning. Highs 62 to 72.
West wind around 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 46 to 56.
West wind around 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to
74. South wind around 5 mph shifting to the west in the
afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 47 to 57. South wind around
5 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Patchy fog. Highs 62 to 72. Northwest
wind around 5 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 46 to 56.
Highs 62 to 73.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57. Highs
62 to 73.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
McKinleyville 66 51 66 / 0 0 0
Arcata 67 52 69 / 0 0 0
Eureka 63 52 65 / 0 0 0
Fortuna 66 51 70 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ104-050115-
Southwestern Humboldt-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly sunny. Patchy drizzle and fog in the morning.
Highs 63 to 78. West wind up to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 44 to 54. West wind around
5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 63 to 78. South wind around
10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 45 to 55. Southwest wind
around 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 79. Northwest wind around
5 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 45 to 55.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 68 to 83. Lows
45 to 55.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
Highs 69 to 84.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Honeydew 74 48 74 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ105-050115-
Northern Humboldt Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 72 to 87.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy. Patchy valley fog overnight. Lows 47 to
57.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 71 to 86.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 47 to 57.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 69 to 84.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 45 to 55.
.SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Highs 73 to 88. Lows
46 to 56.
.SUNDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 73 to 88.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 48 to 58.
Highs 76 to 91.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Orleans 87 54 86 / 0 0 0
Hoopa 85 53 85 / 0 0 0
Willow Creek 85 54 86 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ106-050115-
Southern Humboldt Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 67 to 82.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy. Patchy valley fog overnight. Lows 46 to
56.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 68 to 81.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 66 to 81.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
Highs 74 to 89.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Garberville 79 49 79 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ107-050115-
Northern Trinity-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 75 to 90.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 75 to 90.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 75 to 90.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 45 to 55.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs 80 to 95.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 50 to
60. Highs 81 to 96.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs 84 to 99. Lows 50 to 60.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Trinity Center 81 51 80 / 0 0 0
Weaverville 87 51 88 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ108-050115-
Southern Trinity-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 74 to 89.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 45 to 55.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 73 to 88.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 45 to 55.
.FRIDAY...Mostly sunny. Highs 70 to 85.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
Highs 75 to 90.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs 78 to 93. Lows 48 to 58.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Hayfork 87 48 86 / 0 0 0
Ruth 81 46 80 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ109-050115-
Mendocino Coast-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning then becoming partly
cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 60 to 74. West wind
around 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog through the night. Lows
45 to 55. West wind around 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then clearing. Patchy
fog in the morning. Highs 62 to 75. South wind around 5 mph
shifting to the southwest in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Patchy fog. Lows 46 to 56.
Northwest wind around 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 62 to 75. Northwest wind around
10 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 46 to 56. Highs
66 to 81.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
Highs 68 to 83.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Fort Bragg 59 48 61 / 0 0 0
Point Arena 59 50 61 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ110-050115-
Northwestern Mendocino Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 70 to 85.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 44 to 54.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 72 to 85.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 72 to 85.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57. Highs
76 to 91.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 50 to 60. Highs 80 to
95.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Leggett 76 49 77 / 0 0 0
Laytonville 81 48 81 / 0 0 0
Willits 73 46 77 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ111-050115-
Northeastern Mendocino Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 70 to 85.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 46 to 56.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 70 to 85.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 69 to 84.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 49 to 59. Highs
76 to 91.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 52 to 62. Highs 79 to
94.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Covelo 82 49 83 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ112-050115-
Southwestern Mendocino Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then clearing. Patchy
valley fog in the morning. Highs 68 to 81.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy valley fog overnight. Lows 44 to 54.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 71 to 84.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 47 to 57.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 71 to 84.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 45 to 55.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 77 to 92. Lows
46 to 56.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Boonville 76 48 80 / 0 0 0
$$
CAZ113-050115-
Southeastern Mendocino Interior-
315 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs 70 to 85.
.TONIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly cloudy. Lows
45 to 55.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Patchy valley fog in the morning. Highs 73 to
88.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 49 to 59.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 72 to 86.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 49 to
59. Highs 77 to 92.
.SUNDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs 80 to 95. Lows 51 to 61.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Ukiah 84 52 86 / 0 0 0
$$
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round, before the tournament breaks for June internationals.
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs.
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes, while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended, has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year.
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes "was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history."
"I think the fans weren't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up, the amount of emotion that was shown post-game," Robertson said.
They said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries.
"The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum," Robertson said. "Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them - as have we, so it will be a great battle."
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season.
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders, who play a different type of game.
"They kick more than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're very good at strike play. They're quite prepared to say 'well you have the ball and we'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we'll pick it up and score.'"
May 2 Frontier Communications Corp
* Frontier Communications board will set reverse stock split ratio at 1-for-15
* Frontier Communications Corp - Proposal before Frontier stockholders would reduce authorized number of shares of common stock from 1.75 billion to 175 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Monday's Memorial Day edition of WWE RAW, featuring the women's Last Chance Gauntlet Match with Sasha Banks winning in the main event, drew 2.494 million viewers. This is down from last week's 2.668 million viewers and a new viewership low for 2018. In addition to airing on Memorial Day, it faced stiff competition against Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals, which averaged 14.81 million viewers.
This is the second lowest RAW viewership in history, barely beating the September 26th, 2016 show that drew 2.478 million viewers. That episode went up against the Presidential Debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, which drew 30 million viewers, plus the NFL's Monday Night Football, which drew 8 million viewers that night.
For this week's show, the first hour drew 2.593 million viewers (last week's hour 1 - 2.792 million), the second hour drew 2.591 million viewers (last week's hour 2 - 2.767 million) and the final hour drew 2.300 million viewers (last week's hour 3 - 2.447 million).
RAW was #4 for the night in viewership on cable, behind the NBA Playoffs, Inside The NBA Playoffs and the NBA Playoffs pre-game show. RAW was #5 for the night in the 18-49 demographic, behind the NBA Playoffs, Inside The NBA Playoffs, the NBA Playoffs pre-game show and Love & Hip-Hop.
The NBA Playoffs topped the night with almost 18 million viewers for the pre-game show and the actual game.
Below is our 2018 RAW Viewership Tracker:
January 1st Episode: 2.865 million viewers
January 8th Episode: 2.766 million viewers
January 15th Episode: 3.250 million viewers
January 22nd Episode: 4.530 million viewers (RAW 25)
January 29th Episode: 3.395 million viewers (Post-Royal Rumble episode)
February 5th Episode: 3.055 million viewers
February 12th Episode: 3.105 million viewers
February 19th Episode: 3.282 million viewers
February 26th Episode: 3.180 million viewers (post-Elimination Chamber episode)
March 5th Episode: 3.099 million viewers
March 12th Episode: 3.352 million viewers
March 19th Episode: 3.327 million viewers
March 26th Episode: 3.366 million viewers
April 2nd Episode: 3.357 million viewers
April 9th Episode: 3.921 million viewers (post-WrestleMania 34 episode)
April 16th Episode: 3.622 million viewers (Superstar Shakeup episode)
April 23rd Episode: 3.104 million viewers
April 30th Episode: 3.066 million viewers
May 7th Episode: 2.689 million viewers (post-Backlash episode)
May 14th Episode: 2.741 million (taped show from London)
May 21st Episode: 2.668 million viewers
March 28th Episode: 2.494 million viewers
June 4th Episode:
2017 Total: 156.971 million viewers
2017 Average: 3.018 million viewers per episode
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid opened the first set of back-to-back games in their NBA career with 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 103-97 win over the Miami Heat on Friday night.
All the dunks, blocks and 3-pointers at times seemed like background music at what turned into Philly's largest Super Bowl tailgate party. The Sixers cloaked the Wells Fargo Center in green — from the giveaway "Brotherly Love" T-shirts imprinted with the Sixers and Eagles logos — to the balloons, signage, and even the table runners on press row.
The packed house erupted in unison to belt out the "Fly, Eagles, Fly" fight song that's as ubiquitous at Philly sporting events as "Rocky" movie clips. They broke out enough "E-A-G-L-E-S! Eagles!" chants to make the arena sound like the Linc right before kickoff.
The day kicked off at the same arena with Wing Bowl, Philly's own competitive eating competition. Molly Schuyler gnawed their way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win their third Wing Bowl.
And they say Philly doesn't crown champions.
The Heat nearly harshed Philly's mellow when they turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left.
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be this: Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time since they were picked No. 3 overall in the 2014 draft.
Embiid, selected to their first All-Star team, missed their first two seasons with injuries and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 centre into major minutes over the last two seasons.
Embiid should be in the starting lineup Saturday at Indiana.
"We're not going to be too paranoid about how we play him," coach Brett Brown. "There will be that in the back of our minds as the game plays out. But the bottom line is, we are going to play them to win this game and we will figure it out. There is no type of concrete minute restriction, just an awareness that I have to have and the medical staff has to have to try to get them to play in both games."
"Every game's a must-win from here on out."
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week, but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six.
"It's been a tough season for all of us," said Jennings, who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions. "It hurts to lose, especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves.
"But we know it's not over. We know our chances aren't lost."
Wide receiver Chris Williams, who signed with B.C. following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa, said the Lions' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments.
"We've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given," said Williams. "There's going to be some opportunities out there. We've got to sting them. We've got to make it count."
The Redblacks, meanwhile, sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris, who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9, under centre at B.C. Place Stadium.
Last season's Grey Cup champions, seven of the Redblacks' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017.
"You play football to play football, not to watch it or be on the (injured reserve)," Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west. "Even just missing three weeks is something that's an eye-opener."
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation's capital back on Aug. 26. The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings.
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later, thrusting Jennings back into the starting role.
Despite their struggles, Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions' season.
It just has to start now.
"Athletes thrive on success," said Buono. "When success doesn't happen, everybody's confidence starts to wane. It's what your foundation is, it's what your beliefs are, it's what your support system is that helps you to get through it.
"At the end of it you've got to pick yourself up. Nobody's going to help you."
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
NEW YORK A former Guinea government minister was convicted on Wednesday of laundering $8.5 million in bribes that U.S. prosecutors say they took in exchange for helping a Chinese conglomerate secure mining rights.
Jurors in federal court in Manhattan convicted Mahmoud Thiam, 50, of one count of money laundering and one count of engaging in transactions in property with a criminal source.
The case is one of several corruption cases around the world tied to Guinea's mining sector.
Aaron Goldsmith, Thiam's lawyer, said they would move to overturn the conviction.
"We are deeply disappointed," they said, adding that Thiam maintains their innocence.
Thiam, a U.S. citizen, testified during the trial that they returned to their native Guinea in 2009 to serve as minister of mines after working for years as an investment banker in New York.
Prosecutors sought to prove that Thiam took bribes from Chinese tycoon Sam Pa, and that in exchange Thiam helped secure lucrative mining rights in Guinea for a joint venture of the China International Fund and China Sonangol, closely tied to Pa.
The prosecutors presented bank records showing that Thiam opened a bank account in Hong Kong to receive the money and later wired it to the United States. They said they used the money to fund a lavish lifestyle, including a mansion north of New York City and private schools for their children.
Thiam admitted on the witness stand that they had taken money from Pa, but said it was a personal loan. They said there was no written agreement, interest or due date for the loan, and that they never repaid it.
Thiam also admitted that they lied repeatedly to banks about the source of the money and concealed the fact that they were a government minister in Guinea.
Nonetheless, Thiam said they never abused their position as a government official in exchange for the money.
"While there was a lot of evidence brought in about bank records and transactions, the root of the case lies in whether or not there was a bribery, for which there was absolutely zero evidence," Goldsmith, Thiam's lawyer, told reporters after the verdict.
Thiam is scheduled to be sentenced on Aug. 11 by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Ducks centre Ryan Getzlaf wasn't happy with the penalty calling from Dave Jackson and Steve Kozeri.
"They started calling penalties, that's the momentum change of the game," said Getzlaf. "Our kill didn't get it done and their power play did.
"It's frustrating. I still, in this league, don't have a clue what's a penalty and what isn't. It's frustrating when you get one guy calling every single penalty against us and one guy wanting the game to play and wanting the players to decide it. It's a frustrating point that we're at in this league when we can't just go out and play hockey. There's no dangerous plays out there by any means, but somehow there were nine or 10 penalties or how many there were (11).
"I'm frustrated with all these little stick things and stuff. Instead of worrying about a guy getting their head taken off in the corner, we're worried about little stick infractions and one-handed stick lifts."
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim (25-18-10), which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night.
The Ducks led 9-0 in shots just under six minutes into the game, but the Canadiens then scored three times on seven attempts to chase starter Ryan Miller at 10:13 in favour of Reto Berra, who was called up on Friday to replace the injured John Gibson.
Shaw scored at 6:16 when they banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease. Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete's pass from the right point at 8:17.
Alex Galchenyuk slid a pass to Schlemko to score from the slot at 10:13.
Berra lunged for but couldn't reach Petry's slow moving shot along the ice 3:45 into the second frame.
Perry put Anaheim on the board during a two-man advantage at 8:32 as they beat Niemi from the edge of the crease and Rakell followed in to score on Nick Ritchie's rebound at 12:15.
Petry picked the top corner on a power play at 15:46 of the third.
Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit in the upper body by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner. Coach Claude Julien said X-rays revealed no fracture and Drouin's condition is to be re-evaluated on Sunday.
Jacques Demers, who coached Montreal to its last Stanley Cup in 1993, got a big ovation when they were shown on the scoreboard. Demers made a rare visit since a 2016 stroke left them with limited mobility.
By Bill Beacon, The Canadian Press
Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Thursday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours):
DATA
Poland's statistics office will release March retail sales, PPI, and industrial output data at 1200 GMT.
RENEWABLES
Poland is unlikely to meet the EU target which says that 15 percent of electricity has to be generated from renewable sources in 2020 compared to 13.5 percent last year, Dziennik Gazeta Prawna daily said citing a report by Ecofys.
UBER
Poland is working on new regulations that may hit the U.S. company Uber, Rzeczpospolita daily said. The new transportation draft law would require all drivers who provide ride services to have appropriate licenses, the paper said.
LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS (LNG) TERMINAL
Poland's gas system operator plans to double the capacities at the country's LNG terminal at the Baltic Sea to 7.5 billion cubic metres per year, Rzeczpospolita quoted the operator's spokesperson as saying.
COAL
Coal output at Poland's biggest coal mining group PGG was smaller by 1 million tonnes than planned in the first quarter, Rzeczpospolita said quoting PGG trade unions. PGG plans to produce at least 32 million tonnes of coal annually by 2019.
****Reuters has not verified stories reported by Polish media and does not vouch for their accuracy.****
For other related news, double-click on: Polish equities E.Europe equities Polish money Polish debt Eastern Europe All emerging markets Hot stocks Stock markets Market debt news Forex news For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX (Reporting by Warsaw Bureau)
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
The New York Yankees announced Monday they'd acquired Stanton from the Miami Marlins, getting the NL MVP and cash from Miami for Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers, right-hander Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton was to be introduced later in the day at Major League Baseball's winter meetings.
The 28-year-old outfielder is still owed $295 million over the final decade of their record $325 million, 13-year contract.
The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, will send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise their right to opt out of their contract and become a free agent after the 2020 season: $5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Under a change in baseball's new labour contract, that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $22 million annually.
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Once they put on the pinstripes, Stanton will pair with Aaron Judge, the 6-foot-7 rookie who was second in the majors with 52 homers.
"I wouldn't say sad day," Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said. "It's a win-win for both sides. ... I know Giancarlo made it clear midway through the 2017 season they didn't want to be part of a rebuild."
The Yankees topped baseball with 241 home runs last season. The prospect of the daunting duo together in the lineup — and putting on batting practice shows — raised thoughts of their previous powerful 1-2 punches, such as Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, along with Mickey Mantle and Roger Maris.
Shortly after the Yankees and Marlins agreed to the deal last weekend, Judge, the unanimous AL Rookie of the Year, sent a tweet to Stanton showing a clip from the movie "Step Brothers" with Will Ferrell saying, "Did we just become best friends?"
The Yankees came within one win of the World Series in October, losing the final two games of the AL Championship Series at Houston. The deal is sure to get a legion of fans that already dislike the Yanks railing against Jeter sending Stanton to their old team.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said they knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and their college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
Trump praises service members during charity dinner in W.Va.
Now Playing:
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. (AP) — President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day.
Delivering remarks at a "Salute to Service" charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who have served in the armed forces.
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic, which has been rechristened as "A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier." The venerable resort is owned by the state's Republican governor, presidential ally Jim Justice.
Highlighting their efforts to boost spending for the military, Trump said, "As the golfers can tell you, the stronger we get, the less likely it is that we will have to use it."
An avid golfer, Trump praised the "incredible athletes" in attendance.
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 2 of 3 President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a "Salute to Service" dinner, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in White Sulphur Springs, W.Va. Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 3 of 3 Trump praises service members during charity dinner in W.Va. 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
"These are unbelievably talented people," they said. "They're talented in their mind and in their body. Their muscles are strong, but their mind has to be stronger.
The event marked Trump's latest appearance in a state they won by more than 40 percentage points in 2016. Its Democratic senator, Joe Manchin, is seeking re-election.
Trump has criticized Manchin for voting against tax cuts the president enacted last year. Manchin is among Democrats with whom Trump recently discussed the vacancy on the Supreme Court.
Trump previewed their upcoming nomination to fill the vacancy, saying they "hit a home run" with Justice Neil Gorsuch, whom they picked for the nation's high court last year. "We're going to hit a home run here," they said.
The president also criticized calls from some Democrats to abolish U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the federal agency charged with detaining and deporting unauthorized immigrants.
"We're not abandoning ICE and we're not abandoning law enforcement," they said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Avalon String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances. Mumberjacks was cool!
* Forecast-beating euro zone inflation data boosts euro * Gold still set for second weekly loss, down 1.3 pct * Palladium rallies to two-year high at $824.70/oz * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates prices) By Jan Harvey LONDON, April 28 Gold rose on Friday as forecast-beating euro zone inflation boosted the euro against the dollar, while global stock markets retreated from Wednesday's record highs as concerns about global trade subdued appetite for cyclical assets. The metal remains on track for its biggest weekly drop in seven, however, after appetite for nominally higher-risk assets sharpened early in the week at gold's expense. Spot gold was up 0.3 percent at $1,267.61 an ounce by 1153 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were up $3.30 at $1,269.20. Spot gold was down 1.3 percent from last Friday's level, its biggest weekly loss since early March. "Most of the correction should be done by now," Commerzbank analyst Daniel Briesemann said. "We see good support at this level. There are a lot of uncertainties remaining." "The high-risk appetite at the beginning of the week seems to have abated, at least for now. This has definitely helped support the gold price, and the dollar is supportive as well." The euro strengthened towards 5-1/2 month highs versus the the U.S. currency while euro zone bond yields and stocks rose after data showing euro zone inflation beat expectations in April. Gold suffered earlier this week after a strong showing in the first round of the French elections from Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate largely favoured by financial markets. That tempered some fears that a candidate less friendly to the European Union could win through. A three-day rally in stock markets stalled after a largely expected U.S. tax cut plan, however. "Gold prices remained stuck in a $1,260-$1,270 range as traders tried to take stock of the flurry of policy measures from U.S. President Trump," ANZ said in a note. "Geopolitical concerns have also eased, with election polls suggesting Emmanuel Macron's lead has increased." Holdings of the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Shares , fell 0.1 percent to 853.36 tonnes on Thursday. Holdings are down by more than 6 tonnes since Tuesday. Banks remain stubbornly cautious on gold's price prospects this year in spite of a strong first-quarter performance, a Reuters poll showed on Friday, as the prospect of higher interest rates take the shine off the metal. Among other precious metals, silver was up 0.8 percent at $17.36 an ounce, while platinum advanced 1.3 percent to $952.50. Palladium was up 1.1 percent at $823.70, having touched a two-year high of $824.70. It was the only weekly gainer among the precious metals, set to finish the week with a 3.6 percent rise. The Reuters poll predicted palladium would register its strongest year on record in 2018. (Additional reporting by Swati Verma and Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Goodman)
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -0.4 pct, CSI300 -0.1 pct, HSI +0.2 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 1.7 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 11 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 0.8 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 6.6 pct
* CNY official close 6.8898 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.2 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index +0.2 pct
SHANGHAI, March 30 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China's Q1 GDP growth seen at 6.8 pct - government think tank
* China facing heightened financial risks from property downturn - Moody's
* Rio says reboot in Chinese iron ore production may lead to volatility Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* China's Fosun CEO steps down, reshuffle to impact conglomerate
* China's AgBank in talks for more debt-to-equity deals
* China's AgBank has outstanding loans to Huishan Dairy
* China CCB's 2016 net profit rises slightly, margins shrink
* Chinese railcar maker CRRC profit falls for first time as demand slows
* New China Life Insurance 2016 profit down 42.5 pct
* China Pacific Insurance's 2016 net profit down 32 pct
Earnings/Performance
* BBMG returns to profit in 2016
* Jiangxi Copper's annual net profit rises for first time in 5 years
* Haitong Securities posts 49.2 pct fall in 2016 profit
* Weichai Power's 2016 profit up 72.9 pct
* Ningbo Zhoushan Port's 2016 net profit down 13.0 pct
* Goldwind's 2016 profit up 5.4 pct, other moves
* China Fortune Land's 2016 net profit up 35.2 pct
* Huayu Automotive Systems' 2016 net profit up 16.1 pct
* Nari Technology's 2016 profit up 11.4 pct
* Xinhua Winshare's 2016 profit flat
* Gezhouba's 2016 profit up 26.6 pct
* Zhejiang Commodities City's 2016 profit up 54 pct
* Maanshan Iron & Steel back to black in 2016
* Beijing Shougang returns to profit in 2016
* Bengang Steel Plates back to black in 2016
* Robam Appliances' 2016 profit up 45.3 pct
* Zhejiang Supor's 2016 profit up 21.2 pct
* Luxshare Precision sees Q1 net profit up 40-60 pct
* Hisense Kelon's 2016 profit up 87.4 pct
Equity changes/IPOs
* Hangzhou Star Shuaier Electric Appliance's IPO 6,391.8 times oversubscribed in online tranche
* Shifeng Cultural Development's Shenzhen IPO 7,873.9 times oversubscribed in online tranche M&A
* CEFC China to buy 20 pct stakes in U.S. brokerage Cowen
* Shenzhen Fenda Technology to acquire tech firm for 2.9 bln yuan Trading resumption
* Shanghai SMI's shares to resume trading on March 31
* Tonghua Dongbao's shares to resume trading on March 30 Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* China's By-health to form JV with partners with investment of 500 mln yuan (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
(Reuters Health) - Children with autism may have a harder time reading emotions on people's faces than other kids, but they also misunderstand the feelings they see in a way that's pretty similar to youth without autism, a small study suggests.
"We found that on average, young people with autism are a bit less accurate at recognizing all expressions, not just the subtle ones," said lead study author Sarah Griffiths of the University of Cambridge's Autism Research Center in the UK.
"The types of mistakes that children with autism make like confusing scared and surprised are the same types of mistakes made by typically developing children," Griffiths, who did the research at the University of Bristol, said by email. "So it's not just that children with autism interpret emotions completely differently, but they are more likely to make common misinterpretations."
About one in 68 children have autism spectrum disorder (ASD), which includes autism as well as Asperger syndrome and other pervasive developmental disorders, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It is more often diagnosed in boys than in girls.
People with autism often have problems with social, emotional and communication skills. They might repeat certain behaviors and might not want change in their daily activities. Many people with autism also have different ways of learning, paying attention or reacting to things.
Some previous research has linked autism to difficulties reading facial expressions, but results have been mixed and certain studies haven't found this evidence of this connection, researchers note in the Journal of Autism Developmental Disorders.
For the study, researchers gave an online test of emotion recognition to 63 children and teens with autism and to 64 youth without this diagnosis. Participants saw “happy,” “sad,” “surprised,” “disgusted,” “scared” and “angry” facial expressions; some faces had exaggerated "high-intensity" emotions designed to be easy to read and others had subtle "low-intensity" feelings designed to be more challenging to interpret.
Participants were around 11 years old on average. Most of the kids in the autism group were male, compared to about half of the children in the group without autism.
The research team had expected to find a smaller difference between the groups in recognizing high-intensity emotions.
Instead, they found a bigger difference with more intense emotions, likely because children in both groups made similar errors in recognizing subtle feelings. This made it hard for researchers to detect clear differences between the kids with and without autism.
One limitation of the study is that many participants who started the online facial recognition test didn't finish it; this happened with 30 percent of participants with autism, the authors note. This might be because people are less likely to complete a repetitive test online at home than they might be under supervision in a lab, the researchers speculate. Another drawback of online testing is that researchers lacked a confirmed clinical diagnosis of autism.
Still, previous brain imaging studies have found areas of the brain involved in decoding emotions and facial expressions are less active in people with autism, said Geraldine Dawson, director of the Duke Center for Autism in Durham, North Carolina.
"The good news is that we can help people with autism learn to interpret facial expressions," Dawson, who wasn't involved in the current study, said by email.
"Early behavioral intervention focuses on helping the young child with autism pay attention and respond appropriately to facial expressions," Dawson added. "There are also training programs in which people with autism can be taught explicitly what each facial expression means and then practice these skills in real life settings."
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oEh1Eo Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders, online March 31, 2017.
Asian shares mostly lower than China-US tariffs moves loom
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Vincent Yu, AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 People walk past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the final minutes of trading, snapping a three-day winning streak. fewer People walk past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a ... more Photo: Vincent Yu, AP Image 2 of 3 A woman walks past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a sell-off in the final minutes of trading, snapping a three-day winning streak. less A woman walks past a bank electronic board showing the Hong Kong share index at Hong Kong Stock Exchange Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Asian shares were moderately lower on Wednesday after U.S. stocks succumbed to a ... more Photo: Vincent Yu, AP Image 3 of 3 Asian shares mostly lower than China-US tariffs moves loom 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
BANGKOK (AP) — World shares were mostly lower on Wednesday as European shares tracked losses in Asia and on Wall Street, where tech shares were hit by worries over trade tensions between Beijing and Washington.
KEEPING SCORE: Germany's DAX lost 0.4 percent to 12,306.49 and the CAC 40 of France lost 0.1 percent to 5,311.06. Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.2 percent to 7,579.87. But S&P 500 futures added 0.2 percent and Dow futures were up 0.1 percent.
ASIA'S DAY: Japan's Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3 percent to 21,717.04 and the Shanghai Composite index dropped 0.1 percent to 2,759.13. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 1.1 percent to 28,241.67 and the Kospi in South Korea lost 0.2 percent to 2,265.46. Australia's S&P ASX/200 gave up 0.4 percent to 6,183.40. Shares rose in Southeast Asia and Taiwan.
CHINA-U.S. TRADE: On Friday the U.S. is set to impose a 25 percent tariff on $34 billion worth of Chinese imports. And China is expected to strike back with tariffs on a similar amount of U.S. exports. The big question is how far the two countries will go in their dispute over trade. The Trump administration has said it won't target an additional $16 billion worth of Chinese goods until it gathers further public comments. It's also identifying an additional $200 billion in Chinese goods for 10 percent tariffs, which could take effect if Beijing retaliates.
EUROPE-TRADE: German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday the European Union will strive to avoid a trade war with the United States. But Washington needs to join in that effort, Merkel said. President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
CHINESE CURRENCY: Reported comments by the head of China's central bank saying he's closely watching the recent slide in the value of the yuan, also known as the renminbi (RMB), against the U.S. dollar have helped to reassure investors. People's Bank of China Gov. Yi Gang said financial risks were under control and the China's international balance of payments and currency flows were stable.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The statement puts paid to any fears that the PBOC could be engineering a depreciation to cushion the economy, as Yi Gang stakes their credibility on the RMB being stable within the bounds of broad USD volatility," Chang Weiliang of Mizuho Bank said in a commentary. The yuan ended trading Wednesday at 6.66 to the dollar.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell back, losing 38 cents to $73.76 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It added 20 cents to $74.14 a barrel on Tuesday, reaching more than $75 a barrel in early trading. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 21 cents to $77.97 per barrel.
CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.51 yen from 110.59 yen on Tuesday. The euro dropped to $1.1641 from $1.1657.
As we begin to enjoy some hot, sunny weather, and the youth of the city enjoy their first full week of summer holidays, we might begin to ponder potential family vacations.
One of my favourite summer activities is camping. Today, there are still a few active campgrounds in the city and at one, you might even see a bear or two. Camping has a long history in the city of Niagara Falls that you might not be familiar with.
During the 1920s, the automobile was beginning to replace the horse and buggy and even the train as the preferred method of transportation for tourists entering the city. As well, road improvements after the First World War made travelling even easier. Automobile traffic followed Highway 8 and Routes 20 and 3A into the City of Niagara Falls. With so many people located within a 500-mile radius, it isn't surprising that tourists were looking for an affordable place to spend the night.
In the 1920s, camping was becoming a popular "craze." Many tourists could not afford to stay in a hotel, so they turned to tourist camps instead. It was certainly cheaper to pitch a tent and cook meals over an open wood fire. Camping didn't come without some drawbacks, however. Primitive outdoor plumbing and long waits at the water tap could be rather tedious. In time, both issues were remedied with indoor enclosed washrooms and even hot and cold running water.
One of the more well-known tourist camps was the Falls View Tourist Camp which was located on the site of the former Panasonic/Minolta Tower. Advertising from 1926 boasted that it was "the only camp overlooking the Falls, and in full view of the nightly illumination from your tent." With the installation of a new battery of floodlights just the year before in 1925, the cataracts were illuminated more brightly than ever before. Many camps also offered a central complex where visitors could obtain meals, bathing, and even regular hotel-style rooms.
One other alternative to pricey hotels was the private tourist home. A 1926 Niagara Falls tourist guide listed 56 tourist homes where overnight guests could get a bed and a bath for as little as 25 cents per person. Some tourist homes even included a complimentary breakfast. If you are interested in viewing more photos of summer pastimes of the past, please visit our website at my.nflibrary.ca. Happy camping, everyone.
April 20 Mattel Inc
* Mattel inc - q1 reported loss per share $0.33; q1 adjusted loss per share $0.32; q1 net sales $735.6 million versus. 869.4 million last year
* Mattel inc - q1 gross margin down 680 basis points
* Mattel inc - inventories at the end of q1 2017 was $769.8 million versus $613.8 million at the end of q4 2016
* Mattel inc - q1 worldwide gross sales for mattel girls & boys brands $441.1 million, down 16% as reported and in constant currency
* Mattel inc - q1 worldwide gross sales for barbie brand were down 13% as reported, and down 12% in constant currency
* Mattel inc - q1 worldwide gross sales for fisher-price brands were $246.9 million, down 9% as reported, and down 8% in constant currency
* Mattel inc says "our q1 results were below expectations due to the retail inventory overhang coming out of the holiday period"
* Mattel Inc Q1 rev view $801.4 mln -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Mattel Inc Q1 shr view $-0.17 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at close of play in the first One Day International between India and Sri Lanka on Sunday in Dharamsala, India India Innings Ro. Sharma c Dickwella b Lakmal 2 S. Dhawan lbw b Mathews 0 S. Iyer b Pradeep 9 D. Karthik lbw b Lakmal 0 M. Pandey c Mathews b Lakmal 2 M. Dhoni c Gunaratne b T. Perera 65 H. Pandya c Mathews b Pradeep 10 B. Kumar c Dickwella b Lakmal 0 K. Yadav st Dickwella b Dananjaya 19 J. Bumrah b Pathirana 0 Y. Chahal not out 0 Extras (lb-2 w-3) 5 Total (all out, 38.2 overs) 112 Fall of wickets: 1-0 S. Dhawan,2-2 Ro. Sharma,3-8 D. Karthik,4-16 M. Pandey,5-16 S. Iyer,6-28 H. Pandya,7-29 B. Kumar,8-70 K. Yadav,9-87 J. Bumrah,10-112 M. Dhoni Bowling Suranga Lakmal 10 - 4 - 13 - 4(w-1) Angelo Mathews 5 - 2 - 8 - 1(w-1) Nuwan Pradeep 10 - 4 - 37 - 2 Thisara Perera 4.2 - 0 - 29 - 1 Akila Dananjaya 5 - 2 - 7 - 1 Sachith Pathirana 4 - 1 - 16 - 1 Sri Lanka Innings Danushka Gunathilaka c Dhoni b Bumrah 1 Upul Tharanga c S. Dhawan b H. Pandya 49 Lahiru Thirimanne b B. Kumar 0 Angelo Mathews not out 25 Niroshan Dickwella not out 26 Extras (lb-1 nb-2 w-10) 13 Total (for 3 wickets, 20.4 overs) 114 Fall of wickets: 1-7 D. Gunathilaka,2-19 L. Thirimanne,3-65 U. Tharanga Did not bat: A. Gunaratne, T. Perera, S. Pathirana, S. Lakmal, A. Dananjaya, N. Pradeep Bowling B. Kumar 8.4 - 1 - 42 - 1(w-1) J. Bumrah 7 - 1 - 32 - 1(nb-2 w-2) H. Pandya 5 - 0 - 39 - 1(w-7) Referees Umpire: Anil Chaudhary Umpire: Simon Fry TV umpire: Paul Reiffel Match referee: Jeff Crowe Result: Sri Lanka won by 7 wickets
Donald “Don” Bremer, 84, of Sioux City, Iowa, passed away Friday, June 29, 2018 at their home in Sioux City surrounded by their family.
Funeral services were held at 11:00 a.m. Monday, July 2, 2018 at Morningside Lutheran Church in Sioux City. Reverend Darrin Vick will officiate. Burial followed the luncheon at the church at Arlington Township Cemetery in Moville, Iowa.
Arrangements are with the Rexwinkel Funeral Home in Le Mars, Iowa. Expressions of sympathy can be extended to the family through www.rexwinkelfh.com.
Donald Albert Bremer was born in June of 1934 on the family farm northeast of Moville, Iowa, the son of Edmund and Cora (Riser) Bremer.
They attended country school and graduated from Moville High School in 1951. Following high school, they helped their family on the farm.
They were drafted into the United States Army on January 23, 1957. They were honorably discharged on October 24, 1957.
Following their service, they returned to Moville to farm. Don also began raising turkeys near Moville. After retiring from farming, Don moved to Sioux City and established Sioux City Tarp in 1974. He's been an innovator in the tarp business for over 40 years.
They were united in marriage to Susan Mossberg on May 8, 1975.
Don's passion for farming returned to them in 2010 when their family purchased their grandmother's homestead near Moville. They began farming again and feeding cattle. Don enjoyed watching the market and buying and selling cattle.
Through the years, Don enjoyed going for coffee, playing cards with their friends and family, and fishing. But most of all, they loved the time spent with family, especially their grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Survivors include their wife Sue of Sioux City; a daughter: Kathy (Ras) Vanderloo of Sioux City and their children: Tyler (Kate) Vanderloo and their son, Nash, Ashley (Matt) Pugh and their daughter, Palmer; a daughter: Kristy (Steve) Kleene of Sioux City and their children: Tyler (Calla) Kleene and their children, Porter and Cooper, Alex (Tessa) Kleene and their daughter, Tinley, and Jamie Kleene (Austin Stubbs) and their daughter, Adalynn; a son: Bill (Heather) Bremer of Sioux City and their children: Annika, Jillian, and Lydia; a sister in law: Lila Bremer of Moville, IA; two brothers in law: Steve (Vonnie) Mossberg of Sioux Falls, SD, and Calvin Hansen of Sioux City, IA; and several nieces and nephews.
They were preceded in death by their parents, Edmund and Cora Bremer; and two brothers: Jack (Darlene) Bremer and Gene Bremer.
Memorials can be made in Don's name to Hospice of Siouxland and/or the Buffett Cancer Center.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Director F. Gary Gray and actor Vin Diesel pose at the premiere of 'Fast and Furious 8' movie in Berlin, Germany, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
Actors Vin Diesel and Charlize Theron pose at the premiere of the 'Fast and Furious 8' movie in Berlin, Germany, April 4, 2017.
Actress Charlize Theron poses at the premiere of 'Fast and Furious 8' in Berlin, Germany, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN Oscar winner Charlize Theron said it was an exciting challenge to play the main villain in the latest installment of the "Fast and Furious" racing film series with Vin Diesel.
"This is a franchise that has been built for 16 years on this idea of family being kind of the cornerstone ... and to play a character that has to kind of break all of that up, it was fun, yeah, and challenging," Theron said at the Berlin premiere of "The Fate of the Furious."
Diesel was also on hand for the release of the film, which is being marketed in Europe as "Fast and Furious 8" and features the signature fast car chases, daring stunts and explosions of the previous seven films.
"The Fate of the Furious" sees Diesel's lead character Dominic Toretto go rogue. Theron, who won the best actor Academy Award for "Monster", plays the villainous Cipher.
Diesel told reporters they felt as though they had "let the world down" when they left the film franchise several years ago because they were dissatisfied with the script.
The film, directed by F. Gary Gray, also stars Jason Statham, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez and Tyrese Gibson.
(Reporting by Reuters TV; Writing by Andrea Shalal)
Greenhouse and Interview Schedule Partner to Streamline Scheduling New integration supercharges recruiters and coordinators by simplifying interview scheduling and putting an end to manual "Calendar Tetris." "Calendar Tetris" SAN FRANCISCO - Aug. 14, 2017 - PRLog --
Emily Zahuta, head of recruiting at Segment, recently remarked on the new partnership that, "my coordinators spend less time scheduling and more time tackling core projects and building new skills. It keeps them engaged and makes our team more efficient." Interview Schedule unlocks resources for high impact activities like candidate experience improvements, diversity efforts, and sourcing.
"Interview Schedule is built exactly for my needs. It has saved me so many hours a week, and now I can focus more time on giving our candidate the best experience!" exclaimed Cari Wellstone, a recruiting coordinator at LendUp. The Greenhouse-Interview Schedule integration enables Cari and other recruiters and coordinators to easily line up their interviewers' calendars, send meeting invites, and sync those interviews with their ATS all from one place.
"Greenhouse is always looking for ways to help our customers cut down on the time they spend on arduous administrative tasks such as scheduling, and Interview Schedule does exactly that," said Dane Hurtubise, VP of Platform & Partnerships at Greenhouse.
"We're thrilled to partner with the amazing team at Greenhouse to deliver the best scheduling experience for recruiting teams around the world," said Will Laufer, CEO of Interview Schedule.
For more information about the partnership and integration visit https://interviewschedule.com.
About Interview Schedule:
Interview Schedule streamlines recruiting operations. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, Interview Schedule partners with leading recruiting teams like Segment, LendingHome, and Cloudflare. For more information about the company and product, visit https://interviewschedule.com.
About Greenhouse:
Greenhouse Software designs tools that help companies source, interview, hire and onboard the right talent. Headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco, Greenhouse was founded by Daniel Chait and Jon Stross. Recognized as the 2017 Best Place to Work in the U.S. by Glassdoor, the Greenhouse team currently works with over 2,000 of the world's most innovative people-driven companies, including Sony, Airbnb, Slack, TIME Inc. and more. To learn more or request a demo, visit greenhouse.io.
Contact
Interview Schedule
Will Laufer
***@interviewschedule.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12658340/1 Interview ScheduleWill Laufer End -- Greenhouse Software has partnered with Interview Schedule to streamline recruiting scheduling. Top recruiting teams are getting an edge by using this new integration to simplify the most cumbersome, manual steps of interview scheduling.Emily Zahuta, head of recruiting at Segment, recently remarked on the new partnership that, "my coordinators spend less time scheduling and more time tackling core projects and building new skills. It keeps them engaged and makes our team more efficient." Interview Schedule unlocks resources for high impact activities like candidate experience improvements, diversity efforts, and sourcing."Interview Schedule is built exactly for my needs. It has saved me so many hours a week, and now I can focus more time on giving our candidate the best experience!" exclaimed Cari Wellstone, a recruiting coordinator at LendUp. The Greenhouse-Interview Schedule integration enables Cari and other recruiters and coordinators to easily line up their interviewers' calendars, send meeting invites, and sync those interviews with their ATS all from one place."Greenhouse is always looking for ways to help our customers cut down on the time they spend on arduous administrative tasks such as scheduling, and Interview Schedule does exactly that," said Dane Hurtubise, VP of Platform & Partnerships at Greenhouse."We're thrilled to partner with the amazing team at Greenhouse to deliver the best scheduling experience for recruiting teams around the world," said Will Laufer, CEO of Interview Schedule.For more information about the partnership and integration visit https://interviewschedule.com.Interview Schedule streamlines recruiting operations. Headquartered in San Francisco, California, Interview Schedule partners with leading recruiting teams like Segment, LendingHome, and Cloudflare. For more information about the company and product, visit https://interviewschedule.com.Greenhouse Software designs tools that help companies source, interview, hire and onboard the right talent. Headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco, Greenhouse was founded by Daniel Chait and Jon Stross. Recognized as the 2017 Best Place to Work in the U.S. by Glassdoor, the Greenhouse team currently works with over 2,000 of the world's most innovative people-driven companies, including Sony, Airbnb, Slack, TIME Inc. and more. To learn more or request a demo, visit greenhouse.io. Source : Greenhouse Software, Inc. Email : ***@interviewschedule.com Tags : Interview Schedule , Recruiting , Scheduling Industry : Internet Location : San Francisco - California - United States Subject : Partnerships Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number Page Updated Last on: Aug 14, 2017
COLOMBO, April 20 The Sri Lankan rupee traded slightly firmer on Thursday due to inflows from equity-related transactions amid lower dollar demand from importers, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 153.35/45 per dollar at 0619 GMT, compared with Wednesday's close of 153.40/50.
"We see some inflows from stock market-related transaction. Otherwise the market is quiet," said a currency dealer who requested anonymity.
Overseas investors have bought equities worth a net 9.72 billion in the last 19 straight sessions through Wednesday, bourse official data showed.
They also net bought government securities worth 1.87 billion rupees in the week ended April 12. However, they have been net sellers to the tune of 62 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year.
As of 0625 GMT, Sri Lankan shares were up 1.1 percent at 6,519.66, hovering around its highest since Oct. 12. Turnover stood at 597.2 million rupees ($3.93 million).
($1 = 152.0000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
SEATTLE — California coach Justin Wilcox is on their own little reunion tour through the Pac-12 Conference.
Seeing old faces is the least of Wilcox's concerns at this point, with California having lost two straight and facing another major challenge on Saturday at No. 6 Washington.
Last week, Wilcox returned to their alma mater Oregon and watched the Ducks hand the Golden Bears a 45-24 setback. Now it's a trip north to Seattle and a matchup with their former employer — in multiple ways. Wilcox served as the defensive co-ordinator for Washington coach Chris Petersen for four seasons at Boise State. Wilcox was also the defensive co-ordinator at Washington for two years when Steve Sarkisian was the head coach.
"I just think he's a good football coach," Petersen said of Wilcox. "I've known that for a long time, whether he's running the defence or a whole team. They know how to coach the guys, get them going."
Petersen and Wilcox were brief in their comments about each other this week. They're dealing with their own team issues.
Washington (5-0, 2-0 Pac-12) would like to end a string of sluggish starts. A year ago, Washington dominated most of its opponents early and cruised to victories. This year has been more of a struggle in the first half, highlighted by holding just a 7-0 lead at halftime last week at lowly Oregon State. The Huskies erupted for 35-point second half against the Beavers, but the slow starts are a concern for Petersen.
"We're going to address it. We'll talk to our guys," Petersen said. "How do you fix the turnover situation when it's not going in your favour? It's the same thing — you practice on it, move things up in practice and get it going a little bit more. It's not because they are not trying, so you're always trying to be creative as coaches to fix every single problem that you have."
California (3-2, 0-2) opened with three straight wins, but the Bears have since lost to Southern California and Oregon.
"We've got to execute more consistently. We've played well in spurts," Wilcox said. "We just have to play better. It's a matter of doing the same thing over and over and over and executing at a high level more than sometimes."
Here's what else to watch as the Bears and Huskies meet for the 98th time:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Father of malnourished girl Jamila Ali Abdu, 7, sits as they lie on a hospital bed before they died in the Red Sea port city of Hodeidah, Yemen May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
Malnourished girl Jamila Ali Abdu, 7, lies on a hospital bed before they died in the Red Sea port city of Hodeidah, Yemen May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
HODEIDAH, Yemen Eyes half open and sunken deep into their sockets, little Jamila Ali Abdu already looked half dead for most of their 12-day stay at the malnutrition ward of Yemen's Hodeidah hospital.
Too weak to resist the march of disease and hunger in their war-battered country, the seven-year-old's tiny frame was swathed in a childishly bright green shroud and lowered by sobbing relatives into a dusty grave on Tuesday.
Two years of war between a Saudi-led military coalition and Yemen's armed Houthi movement, allied to Iran, have plunged what was already the Arab world's poorest country into a deep humanitarian crisis.
Public finances for healthcare are in disarray, while roads and bridges for transporting basic goods are bombed-out ruins.
Jamila suffered from worms which doctors in their remote village home were unable to treat, and their family could not afford to transfer them for specialist care in the capital Sanaa.
"Her condition has been deteriorating for the past two years ... Every time we went to a hospital they told us they have worms and bacteria. We couldn't get anywhere and we are poor people and can't go to Sanaa or anywhere else," lamented their father Ali just before their death.
Even before the war, villagers on the baking plains, clumped with gnarly palms, on Yemen's Red Sea coast were already struggling to get clean water, feed themselves and obtain medicine.
Now thousands of Saudi-led air strikes and nationwide battles have demolished Yemen's fragile economy and squeezed food supplies.
The United Nations warns that a child under five in Yemen dies around every 10 minutes from preventable causes such as starvation, disease, poor sanitation or lack of medical care.
U.N. chief Antonio Guterres warned last week of "the starving and the crippling of an entire generation."
Nearly 17 million of Yemen's 28 million people are deemed "food insecure" by aid groups, and around 7 million do not know where they will get their next meal.
After a visit to Yemen, head of the Norwegian Refugee Council Jan Egeland condemned the warring parties and foreign powers for failing to end what they called a "preventable catastrophe (that) is human-made from A to Z."
"This is a gigantic failure of international diplomacy. Men with guns and power inside Yemen as well as in regional and international capitals are undermining every effort to avert an entirely preventable famine, as well as the collapse of health and education services for millions of children," they said.
(Writing by Noah Browning and Tarek Fahmy; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
* Speculators raise net long positions in gold * Non-farm payrolls in focus this week (New throughout, adds comments, updates prices, milestones, adds NEW YORK dateline) By Devika Krishna Kumar and Zandi Shabalala NEW YORK/LONDON, April 3 Gold rose on Monday on geopolitical worries, but was trading in a tight range in the absence of any fresh clues on U.S. monetary policy and as the market looked to economic data later in the week for more direction. Supporting gold was geopolitical tension sparked by U.S. President Donald Trump who on Sunday held out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea. Global equity markets eased on Monday as investors assessed how Trump's protectionist stance on trade will play out during meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping slated for Thursday and Friday. Spot gold was 0.3 percent higher at $1,252.66 per ounce by 2:15 p.m. EDT (1815 GMT), trading in a range between $1,244.05 and $1,253.52. "While the European elections, Brexit negotiations and Trump's foreign policies could reignite safe-haven interest, gold is not without hurdles," Standard Chartered said in a note. "We believe the fragile physical market and Fed rate hikes will create a softer footing for gold prices. We maintain our view that Q2 and Q3-2017 are likely to mark the strongest quarters for gold prices this year." Gold is often seen as an alternative investment during times of geopolitical and financial uncertainty. Bullion largely shrugged off a firmer dollar , which hit a two-week high against a basket of currencies before easing to trade up 0.2 percent. The dollar was up after U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data on Monday were positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement. "Gold is holding well in spite of being torn between buyers and sellers now as interest rate curve flattening in the U.S. indicates possibly less inflation," said George Gero, managing director at RBC Wealth Management. New York Fed President William Dudley, an influential monetary policymaker, did not comment on interest rates in their prepared remarks on Monday. Ole Hansen, the head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank said the focus has now turned to U.S. payrolls data on Friday which could provide more clues on the direction of interest rates. Spot gold notched a quarterly gain of about 8.4 percent on Friday, marking its best quarter in a year, mostly driven by uncertainties around Trump's policies and elections in Europe. Hedge funds and money managers raised their net long position in COMEX gold for the second straight week in the week to March 28, and boosted it slightly in silver, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday. In other precious metals, spot silver edged down 0.3 percent to $18.17 per ounce but held near one-month highs. Platinum rose about 1 percent to $953.65, after recording its best quarter in a year. Palladium was up 0.9 percent at $802.20 an ounce and is up about 17 percent so far this year. "We think that both the gold and silver complexes will make fresh highs this month ahead of the French elections, but likely fade in their immediate aftermath," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman and Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by David Evans and Andrea Ricci)
Business Broker, Chris Warfel, of Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain Closes A Transaction in the Pack and Ship Industry
Pack & Ship Trade with Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain
Contact
Marketing Manager
***@tworlddenver.com Marketing Manager
End
-- Transworld Business Advisors - Rocky Mountain, a leading business brokerage firm in the state of Colorado, is pleased to announce that a local pack and ship business traded hands with the support of Chris Warfel."Part of working as a Business Broker is the opportunity to support small businesses in Colorado through transactions and education," says Chris Warfel, a Business Broker with Transworld. "When the chance to work with an owner and their company, that also serves local small businesses arose, I was really excited to help connect them with a buyer!"This pack and ship company helps make global shipping accessible to small- and medium-sized businesses that, generally, are left to rely on giant shipping companies whose services can be very expensive. This shipping franchise helps small- and mid-sized businesses get the same prices and customer support from carriers that are often reserved for fortune 1000 companies. Established in 1999 this franchise's business model has been highly successful and the new owner is excited to become part of the operation and to continue to bring affordable services to its customers.Transworld is the top business brokerage firm in Colorado. Their team of business brokers has the highest number and the widest range of business listings for sale, inclusive of 150+ listings annually. Transworld's service area covers the Denver Metro, Golden, Boulder and the Rocky Mountain Region. They assist visionary entrepreneurs in buying a business or selling a business in Colorado, specializing in helping family-owned and closely held businesses with their strategic plans for the future.For more information please visit www.tworldenver.com!
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
To score 48 points in an NFL preseason game is rare and insane. The Seahawks hung exactly 48 points on the board in their preseason opener, a 48-17 win against the Los Angeles Chargers.
Nearly reaching the half-century mark on the scoreboard is rare for a preseason game. The Jaguars, who beat the Patriots 31-24, were the next closest team to Seattle's point total in Week 1 of the 2017 preseason. It'll be a good opportunity for a Vikings defense that is the undeniable strength of this team. Mike Zimmer's team gave up just 10 points in a mostly solid performance in Buffalo, but also had a few too many moments where the all-world unit looked very human.
Seattle is a good preseason opponent because they pose a variety of threats. Russell Wilson threw just four passes against the Chargers. The Vikings should get at least a few series against him. It won't slow down much when Wilson's backup comes in. Trevone Boykin threw for 189 yards and a touchdown, adding another touchdown and 31 more yards on the ground in last week's blowout. Minnesota got a look at Boykin in the preseason last year and Gopher fans will remember them from the home-and-home series when they were at TCU. Fun fact: this will be the fourth consecutive season Boykin plays in a nationally televised game against a football team from Minnesota.
As the game goes on, the second and third-string units trying to make Zimmer's final defensive roster will have their hands full with Seattle's ground game. Four of the six Seahawk touchdowns last week came on the ground, with nine different men carrying the ball for a combined total of 133 yards.
More Seattle Seahawks! Randall McDaniel and Steve Hutchinson crack Gil Brandt's list of the greatest guards of all time 27 Jun
A solid performance from every member of the Vikings' defense would be another big step as one of the league's strongest defenses heads into the 2017 season. The words “can't miss” and “preseason football” don't generally go together, but this will be one you'll want to watch. The game will be nationally televised on NFL Network in a late one from Seattle starting at 9 p.m. CT.
Vieth, a Waterloo city councillor, likes that you can still find local merchants in town where German is spoken.
But every year, there are fewer of them. Every year, there is less German spoken at home.
In this region's history there have been several waves of German-speaking immigrants. The last came right after the Second World War, when Germany was in tatters.
Time marches on. Decades ago, you would overhear German spoken in the street, at the farmers' markets, in coffee shops. It's rare to hear that now.
I bet most people around here couldn't even pronounce the famous Oktoberfest word, "Gemütlichkeit," let alone tell you that it means good cheer and friendliness.
The 2016 census made it official. English is by far the most commonly spoken language in Waterloo Region. German used to be in second place, but in 2016 it fell to third place, behind Mandarin. There were 6,170 German-speakers compared with 6,885 people speaking Mandarin.
It's a sign that immigration patterns have changed, and so has Waterloo Region. Many university students, teachers and technology experts have moved here from China. What do Onkel Hans and Tante Frieda say to them?
Vieth says it's important to engage more of the community and keep the marketing fresh and innovative. But beyond that, "why would you change your traditional celebrations?" they said.
Oktoberfest is the most iconic festival for this area. It definitely packs a punch when it comes to bringing in out-of-town visitors.
But the annual Multicultural Festival, held in Kitchener's Victoria Park at the end of June each year, which is a celebration of culture and food from many different ethnic groups, is much more inclusive.
And the New Hamburg Mennonite Relief Sale, where quilts are auctioned off to fund relief, development and peace work all over the world, is much more reflective of the values of the first settlers who built Kitchener and Waterloo.
Tradition is powerful. But do we really want to become like New York City's Little Italy, where tourists flock to eat, but where almost no actual Italian-Americans live? Because that's where we're heading.
ldamato@therecord.com , Twitter: @DamatoRecord
File photo: Luis Alberto Moreno, president of the Inter-American Bank, speaks during a news conference in Managua, Nicaragua April 21,2016. REUTERS/Oswaldo Rivas
ASUNCION The Odebrecht corruption scandal could threaten public-private partnerships that are needed to build infrastructure throughout Latin America, the president of the Inter-American Development Bank (IADB) said on Thursday.
The Brazilian builder admitted to paying hundreds of millions of dollars of bribes in 12 countries, mostly in Latin America, as part of a settlement with U.S. and Brazilian prosecutors in December.
"There is no doubt that the Odebrecht case has done an enormous amount of damage to the company and to many governments, but the greatest damage around this scandal is the idea that public-private alliances are bad," IADB President Luis Alberto Moreno told journalists.
Peru President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has said corruption investigations are slowing private investment. The Finance Ministry slashed Peru's growth outlook to 3.8 percent from 4.8 percent in January as what it called the "Odebrecht effect" stalled projects.
Other countries across the region are starting to investigate graft in large infrastructure projects.
(Reporting by Daniela Desantis; Writing by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Since I opened my doors to the public 15 years ago, I've made about every cake design that you can imagine. You name it, I've probably put it on a cake, or at least been asked whether it was a possibility. And as a business owner, I know — like most other business owners know — that I can decide what we serve, but not who we serve. I wouldn't want to do that, anyway.
Unfortunately, there's an effort underway to give businesses a license to discriminate against LGBTQ people. This week, the Supreme Court heard the case of Jack Phillips, a conservative baker in Colorado who wants the right to turn away LGBTQ customers. Mr. Phillips is being represented by the Alliance Defending Freedom, which spends millions of dollars trying to pass anti-LGBTQ laws and pursue cases like this one. At its heart, Mr. Phillips' lawsuit is about discrimination.
Here's the thing: If a business is open to the public, it must be open to all. We can have rules, set standards and decide what we offer, but we don't pick and choose who we will serve. For example, if someone came into Charm City Cakes and asked me to make a lasagna, I can say no, because that's not what we do. But we decided a long time ago as a society that it's fundamentally un-American to decline to serve someone because of who they are. That's what Mr. Phillips and anti-LGBTQ activists are trying to do. And if they succeed, it could have a devastating impact on the LGBTQ community and millions of others who unfortunately still find themselves at heightened risk of discrimination.
Do we want a country where people can be turned away for their race, their religion, their sexual orientation or their gender identity? I don't — and I don't think most Americans do, either. We've had this national conversation before, and we shouldn't have to force our LGBTQ friends and neighbors to relive it now.
The bottom line is this: It's my job to make my customers happy — not to tell them how they should be living their lives. While I've had dilemmas about design requests in the past, it's always been about ensuring my customer gets the best possible product, not because of the person ordering it.
I also understand that by providing a cake to someone, it doesn't mean I endorse everything about that person. I don't make people fill out a survey about all of their opinions and beliefs before agreeing to sell them a cake, and it would be pretty bizarre if I did. Also, all that paperwork sounds like a nightmare!
I'm grateful to be able to serve a community as vibrant, diverse and resilient as Baltimore. The city is a microcosm of our country: a scrappy place full of folks from all different walks of life. It's taught me everything I know — including how to accept that other people have different beliefs. But, if someone's beliefs are used to discriminate, that's something I can't accept.
Listen, as a baker, I understand the pride that Mr. Phillips most likely has in their business, in their designs. I share these values and that pride in what I do. And, if Jack Phillips is ever in Baltimore, I'd be happy to make them a cake and talk this over. He's certainly entitled to their beliefs — but not to making anyone else less equal in our society.
Let's hope the Supreme Court agrees.
By Duff Goldman Contributing Columnist
Duff Goldman is the owner of Charm City Cakes; Twitter: @duffgoldman. They wrote this for the Baltimore Sun.
Duff Goldman is the owner of Charm City Cakes; Twitter: @duffgoldman. They wrote this for the Baltimore Sun.
Driving in ideal weather is a life-or-death adventure, so I am amazed and pleasantly surprised to be sitting at my kitchen table typing right now after spending the last two hours commuting through a blinding blizzard on a snowmobile track previously known as a highway.
I got myself trapped 100 kilometres from home and I blame a forecast that didn't seem all that scary. A few centimetres of snow. Big deal. It's called January.
Well, at 5 p.m. drew closer, those few centimetres were falling every two minutes. When I pulled out of the parking lot, the road was covered with snow but light on cars because most sane people ditched work early to get home. Apparently they were scared by the "centimetre-a-geddon" forecast.
Not me. Have you ever gotten out on the road and been trapped in weather you were not expecting? I very quickly realized that it really was unfit for travel. Snow was blowing and swirling over the highway in those hypnotizing, dizzying patterns (oh, and blinding at times, can't forget blinding). The road was hidden and only a couple of faint tire tracks told me where to point my car. Had I known how bad it was, I would have bunked down in a hotel for the night.
But there I was, out there in the middle of it. I didn't know if I should turn back or push forward. I wasn't sure if I should start praying or crying. Pulling over seemed like a disaster waiting to happen.
As a small caravan of vehicles continued to slowly and carefully make our way down the road, I was stunned by the small number of incredibly brave and noble drivers who felt the need to pull out and pass. Who are these loons? Where are they going? How do they make the decision to pull into a passing lane when the passing lane is completely covered in snow and ice?
It's usually either someone in a large pickup truck or, and this is strange but true, someone in some little, old crapmobile. Watch the passing lane. If someone pulls out and passes you in bad weather, if they aren't in a giant truck, odds are good they are in a Sunfire, a Focus or a Yaris. Nothing against those cars, but if I was in one in a storm, I feel like I would be a little cautious and defensive not busting out of the pack to get to ... where are they in such a hurry to get to again?
Anyway, I would not have bet $1 that I would have made it through the storm without at least a minor accident (and not ruling out blindly driving off a cliff) but after taking twice as long as normal to get there, I was home safe. And speaking of betting, don't forget that this Sunday it's time for the Super Bowl of football games — the Super Bowl!
Are you ready for some commercials? I mean footballs? If not, you better get ready because you are about to get an extra-large, supersized, all-you-can-eat, bottomless, deep-dish, triple-stacked, topped with melty cheese and bacon bits serving of it. You can have some guac too — it does cost a little extra though.
I am a sports guy. I like to watch sports, including football. But even I am starting to get overstuffed with the spectacle of it all. It's a football game. An American football game. We are in Canada. We pretend to have a favourite team but really, we have no stake in this thing.
April 20 Mast Therapeutics Inc
* Mast therapeutics- expects to adjourn special meeting without conducting any business other than adjournment
* Mast therapeutics inc- if adjourned, mast expects to reconvene special meeting on thursday, april 27, 2017 at 9:00 a.m
* Mast therapeutics inc- mast does not anticipate any change in record date for stockholders entitled to vote at special meeting
* Mast therapeutics says if mast adjourns special meeting, it will continue to solicit proxies from its stockholders of record as of March 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The NHL suspended Buffalo Sabres forward Johan Larsson two games for cross-checking Florida Panthers forward Vincent Trocheck in the face.
The league's department of player safety issued the ruling after conducting a hearing with Larsson on Friday, a day after Buffalo's 4-2 loss to the Panthers. Larsson was already facing a one-game suspension after being issued a 10-minute match penalty and 5-minute cross-checking major for their hit to Trocheck with 35 seconds left in the game.
The hit occurred after Trocheck and Sabres defenceman Jake McCabe got their sticks up during a skirmish at the Panthers blue line. Larsson skated toward Trocheck and cross-checked him.
In its ruling, the NHL noted Larsson's stick initially hit Trocheck high on the left shoulder before riding up to connect with the player's cheek. The league, however, noted players are responsible for their sticks.
"When a player attempts to intentionally use their stick to deliver a blow to an opponent, they cannot necessarily be excused of all responsibility when the blow lands in an unintended place," the league ruled.
Following the game, Larsson said they merely "pushed them a little bit and the ref came and grabbed me."
The fifth-year player will lose close to $15,900 in salary and miss Buffalo's home games against St. Louis on Saturday and Anaheim on Tuesday.
Emotions boiled over between the Sabres and Panthers shortly after Florida's Colton Sceviour closed the scoring with 2:24 remaining. Officials issued a total of 56 minutes in penalties to six players, including Larsson, over the final 2:01.
The Associated Press
April 9 Lixil Viva Corp:
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on April 12, 2017, under the symbol "3564"
* In its initial public offering, the company will offer a total of 19,623,800 common shares, comprised of newly issued 4,720,000 shares and privately held 14,903,800 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 2,120 yen per share with total offering amount will be 41.6 billion yen, and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* Nomura Securities Co Ltd and SMBC Nikko Securities Inc included, seven securities companies will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/qCEFta
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russian banks are expected to make profit of around 1.5 trillion roubles ($26.7 billion) in 2018 although the estimate could be revised down, Russia's Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday.
The central bank said last month the Russian banking sector's profit was at 790 billion roubles in 2017. ($1 = 56.2052 roubles) (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; writing by Maria Kiselyova; editing by Katya Golubkova)
March 31 Langold Real Estate Co., Ltd.:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 10 percent to 50 percent, or to be 4.1 million yuan to 5.6 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 3.8 million yuan
* Comments that increased income from real estate projects is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/wgOjTw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NEW YORK Puerto Rico and its federal financial oversight board faced a handful of lawsuits from stakeholders on Tuesday, which could ultimately push the ailing U.S. territory into bankruptcy, and more are expected in the coming days.
The lawsuits, filed just hours after the expiration of a freeze on creditor litigation, include complaints from holders of Puerto Rican sales-tax-backed debt, from general obligation bondholders and from bond insurer Ambac Assurance Corp.
Holders of the sales-tax-backed debt, known as COFINA bondholders, in their lawsuit allege that the island's debt-cutting plans violate the U.S. Constitution.
The general obligation bondholders, whose debt is guaranteed by the island's constitution, are demanding payment on $242.5 million of debt defaulted upon since July, and damages and interest of more than $102 million.
And Ambac (AMBC.O), which insures $2.2 billion of Puerto Rican bonds, filed four lawsuits, including two against the island's government and another against U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, seeking a lien on Puerto Rican rum taxes collected by the U.S. Treasury Department.
A spokesperson for the Treasury Department did not respond to a request for comment.
Midnight, from Monday into Tuesday, marked the end of a freeze on creditor litigation under last year's federal rescue law known as PROMESA. The law was designed to encourage Puerto Rico and its federal financial oversight board to negotiate debt-cutting agreements with creditors.
No deals were reached and the expiration of the freeze opened the way for stakeholders to take Puerto Rico to court, in hopes of blocking Governor Ricardo Rossello's plan to impose drastic repayment cuts.
With $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and near-insolvent public health and pension systems, a torrent of litigation could force Puerto Rico into a so-called Title III proceeding - an in-court debt-cutting process similar to U.S. bankruptcy.
Many experts see Title III as inevitable, though timing is uncertain.
"At some point, Puerto Rico might run up against an adverse court ruling it would rather not have," said Keefe Bruyette & Woods analyst Chas Tyson, who follows Puerto Rico. "I continue to think (bankruptcy) is a when, not an if."
Puerto Rico got more bad news on Tuesday afternoon, when Fitch Ratings downgraded $3.5 billion of debt issued by water authority PRASA, to "C" from "CC." The agency said a "restructuring of PRASA's debt appears imminent or inevitable" under PRASA's fiscal turnaround plan, approved by Puerto Rico's oversight board on Friday.
COFINA KICKS IT OFF
The COFINA plaintiffs - who include a local COFINA holder and hedge funds like Cyrus Capital Partners LP and Tilden Park Capital Management - in a lawsuit filed in federal court in Puerto Rico, accuse the U.S. commonwealth, Rossello and other officials of angling to repurpose the tax revenue earmarked to pay COFINA debt, which they say violates the due process clause of the U.S. Constitution.
The lawsuit asks the court to block Rossello from implementing a blueprint for fiscal turnaround that was approved by the oversight board in March. That plan forecasts the island as having only $800 million a year to pay debt - less than a quarter of what it owes, auguring big haircuts for all bondholders.
Puerto Rican officials have already imposed austerity measures, including cuts to worker benefits and pensions, and have said debt cuts are needed to spare the island from even more severe cuts to quality of life.
Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 general obligation bond rose modestly on Tuesday in light volume, gaining 0.65 point in price to bid 64.75, according to Thomson Reuters data. 74514LE86=MSRB
BLOCK BANKRUPTCY
Of the lawsuits filed by Ambac, two lodged complaints against Puerto Rico's government, adding as defendants the island's oversight board and the board's seven members.
One of the two complaints aims to block not only the fiscal blueprint, but the filing of any Title III bankruptcy based on that blueprint. Ambac filed its various lawsuits in federal courts in Puerto Rico and Washington, D.C., and in New York state court.
Trading in the stocks of the three main insurers of Puerto Rico's bonds on Tuesday was mixed. Ambac (AMBC.O) lost 0.42 percent to close at $18.79. Assured Guaranty Ltd (AGO.N) rose 0.26 percent to $38.02, and MBIA Inc (MBI.N) fell 1.1 percent to $8.06.
Ambac said in one lawsuit that Puerto Rico's oversight board exacerbated the island's abuses by "giving its imprimatur to an ongoing scheme ... that can only be called theft.”
Representatives for the Puerto Rican government and the oversight board had no immediate comment.
(Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Frances Kerry and Leslie Adler)
RE: Controversy around finance minister
The minister of finance has been dogged by alleged improprieties involving their current government position and their former job as CEO of a private financial services corporation, Morneau Sheppell. It has been revealed that Morneau sold a considerable amount of privately held shares in this corporation a week before announcing proposed legislative changes to the tax code. Subsequently the value of the remaining shares tank. The Conservative finance critic calls out Morneau in the House of Commons to explain themselves regarding the alleged dubious timing of the sale. Rather than answer the question, the minister deflects and obfuscates, cries foul and threatens to sue if allegations are made outside the protective confines of Parliament. The finance critic symbolically leaves the Chamber and holds a media scrum imploring the minister answer questions, calling Morneau's bluff.
I cannot find any part of this story in The Spec's online or print edition. I understand The Spec is a moderately leaning liberal news outlet, but this omission of an important news story is both unprofessional and absurd. Cheerleader-in-Chief Paul Berton is forever lecturing us on the importance of an unbiased and independent media. Unfortunately in this case their words ring hollow.
Garry Shaw, Burlington
We're too quick to use divisive tactics
RE: Science, religion, do go hand-in-hand (Nov. 25)
Many thanks to Rabbi Bernard Baskin for their insightful article on science and religion — a wonderful read! I, too, am of the opinion that there is no dichotomy between science and religion.
The problem lies, I believe, in the division-tactics we so readily employ to solve the perceived problem. Are the material and spiritual realms intrinsically separate, mutually exclusive and/or diametrically opposed? There is abundant biblical evidence that "supernatural judgment", for example, is manifested through strictly natural chains of events, purports Richard Bube, in the Encounter Between Christianity and Science. Scientific inquiry and God-consciousness are two innate characteristics of human life. Science and Christianity are, I believe, intrinsically not dichotomous, "the investigations of science having uncovered a variety of evidences that support the basic Christian contention of the origin of the world as the creative work of God," according to Bube. These two disciplines — science and religion — can be complementary facets of endeavour in unearthing the fundamental truths of our existence.
Johanna de Bruin, Ancaster
Our commercial core will be enriched
RE: Facades of Gore Park
I'm very happy to see that the facades in Gore Park will be preserved. Their presence is a lesson in our collective history; they're a piece of our past that makes us richer in the present. When pieces of our built history are destroyed, we lose not only their esthetic beauty, but we lose pages in the story of our local history. Great societies throughout time have always forged their futures with respect for their heritage. As a businessperson, I'm excited that our commercial core will be enriched by such properties for years to come. As a young father, I look forward to showing the restored streetscape to my children and telling them some of the stories they hold.
Martinus Geleynse, Hamilton
Relationships improve with free speech
RE: When free expression turns to freedom to oppress (Dec. 1)
Ms. Kanji can't have it both ways — either we have free speech or we do not. It makes no sense to demand the right to free speech at anti-Semitic Al-Quds Day rallies held in Toronto but ban students in a Canadian classroom from receiving 10 minutes of a TVO segment on gender-neutral pronouns for debate purposes.
If speakers like Nadia Shoufani use the public stage to praise "martyrs" for murdering Jews via terrorism, which Ms. Kanjii seems to defend, then why is it so hard for Ms. Kanjii to hear both sides of the pronoun issue which, unlike terrorism, has killed nobody?
One major objective of a free country is to protect the physical safety of individuals. A free society cannot regulate hurt feelings or interpersonal interactions gone awry.
Silencing debate on any issue does not help people to gain understanding. The line between free speech and hate speech is a fine one. It is definitely breached when a person promotes/incites terror; but not when they discuss people who feel they have been "misgendered (repeatedly referred to with the wrong pronoun)."
Relationships between people improve when free speech is protected and laws regarding murder and incitement to kill others are respected and obeyed.
Gary Gerofsky, Hamilton
How about preserving one Nanticoke stack?
RE: Smoke stacks to be demolished (Dec. 5)
The huge Nanticoke power station is to be destroyed, its coal and ash removed, and solar panels installed as a part of Ontario's Hydro system. Congratulations to us, as our province, ahead of most of the world, provides its power without air pollution!
But before those magnificent stacks are destroyed, what about leaving at least one standing as a landmark, perhaps with LED lights on, shaped like a maple leaf and/or an Ontario trillium, in celebration of Canada's 150th, and Ontario's leadership in diminishing global warming?
Don Eustace, Hamilton
letters@thespec.com
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
May 2 Celadon Group Inc
* promoted Jonathan Russell to role of president and chief operating officer of Celadon Group
* preliminary financial results for quarter ended March 31, 2017, are expected to include an operating loss of approximately $10.0 million
* audit committee reviewing certain transactions involving revenue equipment held for sale reported in statements for fy 2016
* audit committee reviewing transactions involving revenue equipment held for sale reported in for quarters ended sept. 30 2016 and dec 31, 2016
* Reviewing multiple other alternatives to address its short and long-term liquidity needs
* Eric Meek has resigned as president and chief operating officer to pursue other interests Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harold Richardson's recent article that considered the question “What's in a song?” prompted two of our readers to share their own musical memories. Alan Rose, of Breaston, wrote: “I found the memories of my friend, Harold Richardson, about the songs of romance over the years, fascinating and memory-provoking.
“There are a few from the Second World War era that could also be included in Harold's list such as When The Lights Go On Again (All Over The World', Don't Sit Under The Apple Tree (With Anybody Else But Me), When Father Painted The Parlour (You Couldn't See Pa For Paint), A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square, and a song which would resonate with all those couples who managed some special time together before parting, Room Five Hundred and Four.
“Another favourite from the war years was Run, Rabbit, Run by Flanagan and Allen. My own memorable songs come from a slightly later time, and feature the albums of Nat King Cole in the 1950s. ‘The Very Thought Of You (And I Forget To Do)', ‘Love Letters (Straight From The Heart)', and many others. Then there are the “Torch Songs” from Frank Sinatra, also from the 1950s. Where Are You (Now That You've Gone And Left Me) and The Night We Called It A Day.
“One or two more from the same album, reputably recorded after their break-up from Ava Gardner – I Think Of You and There's No You. Wonderfully romantic, but sad songs. Fabulous, timeless music to be listened to time and again during those quieter moments!”
For Marilyn Clampitt, née Yeomans, of Alvaston, it is particular songs which bring back specific memories. They said: “I'm not into slow mushy songs but I do like Memories by Elaine Paige. It brings back a lot of memories for me when I hear certain songs. A few weeks ago, I went over to the Festival of the Sixties at Butlin's in Skegness.
“Some of the songs that were sung over the weekend had me both smiling and in tears when some brought back memories of different occasions. Most of the old groups that were taking part also did cover as well as their own songs. All seemed to do I Saw Them Standing There by the Beatles. My late husband, Mike, had this requested for me on Radio Derby because it starts off with “She was just seventeen” – the age that we met.
“Another song played was This Old Heart Of Mine by the Isley Brothers. We both like this but I often think of the night before their heart operation at Glenfield when they sang it down the phone to me (oh dear, so out of key but lovely to hear their voice). They did it to make me smile but I just cried my eyes out. The tears certainly flowed that night.
“Like me, Mike was an avid Little Richard fan and, much to the surprise of several friends, I had Good Golly Miss Molly played at their funeral. It was their favourite song and we would often have a rock 'n' roll dance around the dining room to it. I often play my Little Richard CD and replay this song over and over again.
“Another song that brings back special memories is Devoted To You by the Everly Brothers. this was a song Mike asked to have played on my 40th birthday and our 20th wedding anniversary. This occasion took place at the now-defunct pub The Meadows. At Butlin's this song was sung by a tribute duo, also two brothers. Thank goodness I had no mascara on that night!
“As a teenager, I went to various youth clubs in Derby and Del Shannon's records were often played, such as Runaway. I never liked that song but when they brought out The Wanderer I loved it. I also enjoy the Status Quo version. The Abba song The Way Old Friends Do is one very special song. I had arranged a surprise 50th birthday party at The Spot in Derby for Mike. What a nightmare it was tracking down old friends and work colleagues.
“The day itself was cold and foggy and I was worried about whether people would come out on this horrible January night. I told Mike we had to go and pay the deposit for our up-coming 25th wedding anniversary party. It was so nerve-racking to walk into the darkened room. The lights suddenly switched on when we walked in to see everyone. A crowd of 140 had turned out despite the horrible night. A true tribute to a great man.
“This song was played at the start and finish of a CD I had put together. A fabulous night was had by all. I often think of my childhood friends around the West End when I hear this, as well. The song Friends And Neighbours, by Flanagan and Allen, I like to sing along to when I'm doing my chores. This also reminds me of childhood times, lots of good friends and neighbours in Nuns Street in the 1950s and 60s.
“I'm lucky, now, with my neighbours – all lovely and look out for this old gal. I could go on and on with lots of songs that make me recall certain memories but just picked a few special ones. As I write this, I'm looking up at Mike's photo on the wall and I think of the song Sweet, Sweet The Memories You Gave Me by Dean Martin but that's another story.”
ATHENS, Ohio — Cecil Williams scored a career-high 27 points and David DiLeo sank the winning free throws to lift Central Michigan to a 101-98 double-overtime win over Ohio on Saturday.
Tied up at 98 in the second extra period, DiLeo got their defender in the air on a pump fake with 0.9 seconds left and made all three free throws to clinch the win. Central Michigan (15-8, 4-6 Mid-American Conference) never led in regulation nor in the first overtime but stayed alive with a key bucket from Kevin McKay at the end of the second half to tie the score at 77. Williams banked in a 3-pointer at the end of the first OT to tie it at 89.
A pair of free throws from Williams early in the second overtime period gave Central Michigan its first lead of the game, 91-89, and the teams knotted the score four more times over the next 3 1/2 minutes before DiLeo went 3 for 3 at the line to win it.
Shawn Roundtree added 22 points, Luke Meyer had 14 points, McKay scored 13 and DiLeo hauled in 14 rebounds to go with eight points for the Chippewas, who dominated at the free throw line, 31 of 36 to Ohio's 16 for 31.
April 10 Forward Air Corp
* Forward Air Corp announces acquisition of atlantic
* Forward Air Corp - atlantic is expected to be accretive to Forward Air 's earnings starting in Q4 of 2017.
* Forward Air Corp - to acquire substantially all assets of Atlantic Trucking Company, heavy-duty equipment leasing, Atlantic Logistics, Transportation Holdings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BANGKOK Human Rights Watch on Wednesday urged Thailand's military government to disclose the whereabouts of a prominent rights lawyer who has been missing since their house was raided at the weekend.
Prawet Prapanukul, 57, provided legal assistance to members of Thailand's political opposition group, the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship, and served as legal counsel in a high profile royal insult case.
They have been missing since soldiers and officers from the ruling junta raided their house on Saturday, Human Rights Watch said in a statement.
Their disappearance comes after Thailand in February shelved legislation to criminalize torture and disappearances after years of working on the bill, prompting concern among rights groups and the United Nations.
"The Thai junta should urgently disclose Prawet's whereabouts and release them if they haven't been charged with a credible offence," said Brad Adams, Asia director at Human Rights Watch.
"Secretly detaining rights lawyers, critics of the monarchy, and other dissidents has created a climate of fear in Thailand that is generating international outrage."
A spokesperson for the junta said they were unable to comment as they did not know about Prawet's case.
Thailand's military seized power from an elected civilian government in a May 2014 coup.
Since then the junta has detained hundreds of politicians, activists, journalists and others accused of being involved in anti-junta protests and activities.
Some have been held incommunicado in unofficial places of detention, such as military camps.
It has also taken a hardline stance against alleged transgressors of Article 112 of the country's criminal code which makes anyone found guilty of insulting the monarchy liable to imprisonment for up to 15 years.
Since 1980, 82 cases of enforced or involuntary disappearance in Thailand were reported to the UN working group on enforced or involuntary disappearances.
(Reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Brazil's President Michel Temer reacts during a ceremony of Sanction of the Law of Revision of the Regulatory Framework of the Broadcasting at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
BRASILIA Brazil's President Michel Temer wants low inflation to be the legacy of their presidency and aims to cut the official target despite pressure from allies to prioritize growth ahead of elections next year, two close aides told Reuters.
With their government marked by a corruption scandal and an arduous recession, Temer believes their best opportunity to leave a lasting mark is by tackling inflation, said the aides, who asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak publicly.
At 4.5 percent with a band of 1.5 percentage points either side, Brazil's inflation target is one of the highest among major economies. Latin America peers Mexico and Chile have a 3 percent target.
Brazil has overshot its target during the last seven years, with the rate reaching double digits in 2015. Yet, with the recession weighing on demand, inflation fell to 4.76 percent in February, its lowest level since 2010.
The target from 2019 onwards is up for revision in June and Temer said in a statement on Monday that their economic team will consider a change.
Opponents of a lower target fear it would risk curbing the central bank's ability to cut rates to stimulate the economy, as that might push inflation above the new goal.
However, Temer's economic team believes a reduction of at least 25 basis points could help the administration gain credibility without undermining the recovery.
High unemployment and contracting output have dragged inflation expectations below target for the first time in years, but officials say the trend must continue before making a decision in June.
"If conditions allow it, the president will change the target," said one aide. "The legacy of a new economic matrix is very important for the president."
Markets jumped after Temer took office last year, following the impeachment of leftist President Dilma Rousseff. While Temer reversed their interventionist policies, they struggled to revive an economy that has contracted nearly 8 percent since 2015.
Political uncertainty, fueled by allegations Temer's top aides are involved in the corruption scandal, has weighed on the economy. Temer is on trial over charges of illegal campaign funding.
Twenty out of 25 economists polled by Reuters last week believe a cut is imminent. Most expect a symbolic move to 4.25 percent, but some called for a reduction to as low as 3.5 percent.
The finance ministry and central bank declined to comment.
PENSION IS KEY
At the heart of Temer's economic plan is a reform to cut ballooning pension spending, which faces stiff resistance in Congress. Temer aides said approval of the reform is a factor in deciding whether to cut the target.
Central bank chief Ilan Goldfajn, an MIT graduate who helped improve the country's inflation-targeting regime set up in 1999, is a strong advocate of a reduction.
Even before becoming central bank governor last year, Goldfajn called for a gradual reduction to 3 percent. They have since privately defended a cut in meetings with other members of the economic team, who were sceptical.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles initially believed a lower target could jeopardize a stronger recovery.
The economy is expected to grow just 0.5 percent this year before picking up speed to 2.5 percent in 2018, according to weekly central bank poll of economists.
The inflation slowdown and the creation of a new long-term rate for state-development bank BNDES pegged to market rates has eased Meirelles doubts, a member of the team said.
A decrease in subsidized loans would improve the impact of monetary policy, making it more effective in stimulating growth.
"The decision is not final yet, but resistance to the idea has eased," said the official.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Alistair Bell)
April 12Zhongtong Bus Holding Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 65 percent to 68 percent, or to be 43 million yuan to 47 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 135.5 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are decreased government subsidy of new energy cars and reduced orders
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ZcfJ1V
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
U.S. airline passenger complaints jump 70 percent in April
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Department of Transportation on Wednesday said airline passenger complaints jumped by 70 percent in April after a series of high-profile incidents including the removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight.
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels,... REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS European Council President Donald Tusk confirmed on Twitter that they had received Britain's Brexit notification letter on Wednesday, saying "After nine months the UK has delivered Brexit."
They tweeted a photograph of themselves receiving the small, business-style white document from the British ambassador to the EU, Tim Barrow. It contains a signed letter from British Prime Minister Theresa May. Its delivery starts a two-year countdown to withdrawal at midnight, at the end of March 29, 2019.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; @macdonaldrtr)
April 20 Singapore Exchange Ltd:
* Q3 securities daily average traded value (SDAV) increased 1% to S$1.24 billion
* Qtrly operating profit S$103 million, unchanged over previous year
* In 2017, technology-related capital expenditure is expected to be between $65 million and $70 million
* Will continue to exercise cost discipline while investing in growing business
* Positive outcomes on US economic policies will be important to sustain trading activities
* All figures in S$ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 New mortgage loans drawn down in Hong Kong totalled HK$21.1 billion in February, down 16 percent from a month earlier, Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) data showed on Friday. Following is the breakdown of data from the authority: 2017 2017 Feb Jan M/M Pct Change New loans drawn down (HK$ 21,140 25,162 -16.0 mln) New loan approvals (HK$ mln) Primary market 6,909 6,851 0.8 Secondary market 12,991 13,459 -3.5 Refinancing 7,701 7,970 -3.4 TOTAL 27,601 28,280 -2.4 No. of applications (cases) 9,904 9,914 -0.1 Outstanding loans (HK$ mln) 1,130,853 1,126,180 0.4 Delinquency ratio (pct) (more than 3 months) 0.04 0.03 Rescheduled loan ratio (pct) 0.02 0.02 Proportion of new mortgage loans priced with reference to: best lending rates (pct) 3.0 2.6 HIBOR (Hong Kong interbank 93.3 93.5 offered rates) (pct) For details, click bit.ly/2oi1kCW (Reporting by Twinnie Siu; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
"I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so they don't want to keep playing," they said. "It could just be because someone finds it funny."
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
"Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners," Powar said. "That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police."
Jada Pinkett Smith is tackling their hair loss with steroid treatments.
The 46-year-old actor opened up earlier this month about their battle with hair loss after experts told them they "don't know why" they are losing their locks, and they have now revealed she's begun to have "steroid injections" to help temporarily treat them condition.
In an Instagram video, they said: "I'm getting my little steroid injections, and they seem to be helping, but not curing, but they seem to be helping, but I'm open to other ideas."
The 'Girls Trip' star also took a moment to thank their fans for their support in the weeks since they revealed their ongoing struggle with hair loss.
They added: "I just want to say a thank you to everyone for all the outreach, from all the doctors and all the holistic practitioners, who have been reaching out to me for this head of mine, I appreciate it so much. And I'm taking into a lot of consideration all the recommendations that are coming my way."
Jada revealed their struggle during an episode of their 'Red Table Talk' show earlier this month, and said that the condition is the reason why they always sport a shorter cut.
They said: "A lot of people have been asking why I've been wearing turbans. Well, I haven't talked about it. It's not easy to talk about, but I am going to talk about it. [I have] issues with hair loss.
"It was terrifying when it first started. I was in the shower one day and had just handfuls of hair in my hands and I was just like, 'Oh my god, am I going bald?' It was one of those times in my life where I was literally shaking in fear. That's why I cut my hair, and why I continue to cut it.
"My hair has been a big part of me. Taking care of my hair has been a beautiful ritual and having the choice to have hair or not. And then one day to be like, 'Oh my god, I might not have that choice anymore.'"
GABORONE May 2 Botswana hopes to end a lawsuit with Russia's Norilsk Nickel by helping Emirates Investment House (EIH) buy a disputed 50 percent stake in the Nkomati nickel mine in South Africa, a government minister said on Tuesday.
Botswana's state-run BCL Mine pulled out of a 3 billion pulas ($281 million) deal to buy a 50 percent stake in Nkomati Nickel Mine from Norilsk Nickel Africa last year after falling into severe financial difficulties.
Norilsk Nickel filed a lawsuit against the government of Botswana last week in an effort to recoup $271 million in damages it says it is owed from the aborted sale.
EIH is expected to conclude due diligence on the Nkomati mine by the end of the week, Minerals Minister Sadique Kebonang said. EIH has been conducting a similar process on BCL's other assets for the past month.
"We are not worried about the lawsuit against government. Our intention is the find a buyer for the BCL," Kebonang told Reuters. "If a deal can be agreed and the funds are enough, we will pay off Norilsk and the lawsuits can then be withdrawn." (Writing by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by Joe Brock)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
Survey: travelers down on airlines, travel websites
Photo: Will Waldron / Albany Times Union Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Traveler satisfaction with Internet travel sites dropped 1.3 percent from a year ago in the American Customer Satisfaction Index, based on email surveys conducted over a five-week span in March and April with more than 12,000 people responding. less Traveler satisfaction with Internet travel sites dropped 1.3 percent from a year ago in the American Customer Satisfaction Index, based on email surveys conducted over a five-week span in March and April with ... more Photo: Will Waldron / Albany Times Union Survey: travelers down on airlines, travel websites 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The successor company to Priceline recovered some of the ground it lost in a survey last year of consumer satisfaction among travel websites, even as the industry as a whole saw satisfaction dip slightly.
Traveler satisfaction with Internet travel sites dropped 1.3 percent from a year ago in the American Customer Satisfaction Index, based on email surveys conducted over a five-week span in March and April with more than 12,000 people responding.
The Orbitz and Travelocity sites owned by Expedia had the best year-over-year gain on the ACSI survey at 4 percent each, with Priceline up 1 percent and others included on the index down 3 percent, including Expedia.com. On last year's survey, Priceline had sunk 5 percent, with the Norwalk-based company renaming itself Booking Holdings this year in recognition of the performance of its Booking.com website, and also running the Stamford-based travel search engine Kayak.
The ACSI travel report found declining satisfaction with many airlines, down 2.7 percent as a group, with Southwest Airlines edging ahead of JetBlue and Alaska Airlines for the top score.
Traveler sentiment was flat from a year ago with regard to hotels, with Hilton and Marriott getting the top two scores; and the Starwood Hotels & Resorts brands acquired by Marriott in 2016 tied for third alongside Hyatt.
Alex.Soule@scni.com; 203-842-2545; @casoulman
April 6 Novo Resources Corp:
* Novo Resources announces upsize of previously announced private placement to c$12 million
* Novo Resources Corp - has increased size of previously announced private placement of units of company from c$8 million to C$12 million
* Novo Resources - under increased offering, company may issue up to 18.2 million units Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds trade quote)
CAIRO, April 13 Egypt will impose a sugar export tariff of 3,000 Egyptian pounds ($165.47) per tonne, the state's official gazette said on Thursday.
Egypt expects to produce about 2.4 million tonnes of sugar from its harvest this year, less than the roughly 3 million tonnes it consumes each year, with the gap made up by a mix of private and public sector imports.
Egypt last month removed a tariff on raw sugar imports through the end of 2017.
Traders have said that tariffs applied to raw and white sugar impeded private importers from securing supplies and contributed to a sugar shortage last year.
One Middle East sugar trader said the new export tariff "won't change anything on the ground as no locally produced sugar is being exported at the moment", with the exception of sugar produced by Savola, which will be unaffected because its operation is based in a free zone.
The export tariff will take effect on Friday, the gazette said.
($1 = 18.1300 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk and Maha El Dahan; writing by Eric Knecht; editing by David Goodman and Jason Neely)
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina power generation company Central Puerto SA's (CEPU.BA) shares plunged on the Buenos Aires stock exchange on Friday as the weaker-than-expected debut price of its U.S.-listed stock took some air out of a two-year long rally.
The underwhelming debut came a day after airport operator Corporacion America Airports (CAAP.N) also priced its New York initial public offering below initial guidance, raising concerns that surging U.S. bond yields could sour prospects for a wave of Argentine companies racing to list shares on global markets.
“As long as U.S. rates keep rising with this speed, some companies are going to have to rethink whether it is necessary to list now, or if it is better to wait,” said Fernando Camusso, director of investment boutique Rafaela Capital in Santa Fe, Argentina.
Central Puerto shares debuted on the New York Stock Exchange (CEPU.N) at $16.50, below the initial pricing range of $17.50-$21.50 per American Depositary Share (ADS).
While they rallied 7.3 percent on the day to close at $17.70, local shares plummeted 16.7 percent to 35.10 pesos ($1.80) after falling to a one-month low of 32.00 pesos.
One U.S.-traded share is equivalent to 10 in the local market, so the large decline in Buenos Aires essentially reflects the lower-than-expected New York pricing.
Argentine companies including biotech firm Bioceres and food processor Molino Canuelas (MOLC.BA) are looking to follow with overseas listings, taking advantage of investor confidence in President Mauricio Macri's business-friendly policies after more than a decade of populist rule in Latin America's No. 3 economy.
But they could face difficulties from rising Treasury yields, which have hurt global stocks ahead of an expected rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Argentina's benchmark Merval stock index .MERV fell 5.85 percent on Friday, its largest daily percentage drop in over two years, after hitting a record high the prior session.
The index has been supported by rate cuts following the government's loosening of inflation targets in late December, but concern is growing that it might miss the revised target of 15 percent for 2018, which could mean tighter monetary policy.
”When things are good that's where you get the most torque, in the context of an accelerating global economy,” said Kevin Caron, portfolio manager at Washington Crossing Advisors at Florham Park, New Jersey. “On the downside, you should expect to see proportional declines.”
Senator blocks Trump's choice for Colombia ambassador
Photo: Ronald Zak, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Nov. 28, 2013 file photo, Joseph E. Macmanus, permanent U.S. Representative to the U.N. office in Vienna, gives a news conference after a meeting by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) board of governors in Vienna, Austria. A Republican senator has been blocking President Donald Trump's choice, Macmanus, to become the next ambassador to Colombia, which could force Trump to either select a new person or wait until a new Congress begins in January 2019 to nominate Macmanus again. less FILE - In this Nov. 28, 2013 file photo, Joseph E. Macmanus, permanent U.S. Representative to the U.N. office in Vienna, gives a news conference after a meeting by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) ... more Photo: Ronald Zak, AP Senator blocks Trump's choice for Colombia ambassador 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — A Republican senator has been blocking President Donald Trump's choice to become the next ambassador to Colombia, citing concerns that one of the State Department's most senior career diplomats mishandled the aftermath of the deadly assault on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, led a small chorus of conservatives who raised doubts about Joseph Macmanus' nomination almost as soon as it was announced last November and has used a procedural rule known as a "hold" to prevent any vote from taking place.
If they don't lift it, Trump could be forced to either select a new person or wait until a new Congress begins in January to nominate Macmanus again.
A spokesperson for Lee's office said the senator has no plans to remove the hold but declined further comment.
Macmanus is the longest delayed of 20 ambassadorial nominees awaiting confirmation, according to the American Foreign Service Association. Another 41 top ambassadorial posts are vacant.
The fact that Macmanus has been unable to take up an assignment traditionally reserved for a career diplomat at the same time other strategic ambassadorial postings including Mexico and Australia remain unfilled "is a sign of Washington's dysfunction," said Adam Isacson, a senior analyst at the Washington Office on Latin America.
Macmanus was chosen to replace Ambassador Kevin Whitaker at a crucial time in relations with Washington's staunchest ally in the region.
Colombia offered to deploy troops to help the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan and is one of the biggest recipients of American foreign aid outside the Middle East. But the Trump administration last year threatened to decertify Colombia as a partner in the war on drugs because of over a record boom in cocaine production — a step that could affect anti-narcotics cooperation between the two countries. The White House last week said land dedicated to the production of coca surged 11 percent in 2017 to 209,000 hectares (800 square miles).
President-elect Ivan Duque, who met last week in Washington with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, has vowed to turn the numbers around and said he's even considering bringing back a controversial, U.S.-backed aerial fumigation program that was scrapped in 2015 over health concerns.
Several Republicans expressed reservations about Macmanus when they were nominated. Lee, in December, called them "the wrong man for Colombia," saying they don't share Trump's "America First" foreign policy and voicing concerns about their perceived closeness to former Secretary of State Clinton.
Macmanus was Clinton's executive secretary and helped handle the aftermath of the terror attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans. Republicans accused then-President Barack Obama and Clinton of intentionally misleading the public and stonewalling congressional investigators. A final report by a Republican-led congressional panel found no wrongdoing by Clinton, but faulted the Obama administration for security deficiencies at the Libyan outpost and a slow response to the attacks.
During their confirmation hearing in March, Macmanus said that they never intentionally misled the public.
While Macmanus' role in the Benghazi situation has made them a lightning rod for conservative criticism, they also served in the same job under Republican Secretaries of State Condoleezza Rice and Rex Tillerson. Between 2012 and 2014, they were the U.S. representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency, and in 2015 served as the interim coordinator for the Iran nuclear deal — another position called into question by Lee.
"What is Macmanus committed to? It is hard to say for certain, but their background is cause for concern," Lee, who is not a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, said in December.
Even some Republican supporters of Macmanus have expressed concern at their lack of recent experience in anti-narcotics policy or Latin America, though they did serve in Mexico and El Salvador early in their career.
"While Macmanus' career as a U.S. foreign service officer is commendable, their lack of relevant and recent involvement in Western Hemisphere affairs will significantly undermine their effectiveness," the conservative Heritage Foundation said in a report last year. "Macmanus has been absent from the region far too long. And the problems pressing on Colombia are too urgent to accommodate a learning curve."
Some of Macmanus' backers were hopeful Lee's objections had eased after Pompeo didn't put forward another candidate upon being sworn in as secretary of state, and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in May backed their nomination, sending it to the Senate floor for a vote.
But Lee's hold has so far prevented a vote from ever taking place.
___
Associated Press writer Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.
___
Joshua Goodman on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APjoshgoodman
MOGADISHU Somali security forces shot dead a minister for public works in their car in the capital Mogadishu on Wednesday after mistaking them for an Islamist militant, officials said.
Mogadishu mayoral spokesperson Abdifatah Omar Halane said the minister, Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji, who was also a lawmaker, was killed "by mistake - they opened fire on their car accidentally. May God rest theirs soul".
Police Major Nur Hussein told Reuters that security forces on patrol encountered a car blocking the street and, believing it was being driven by militants, opened fire.
Al Qaeda-affiliated al Shabaab militants often carry out attacks in Mogadishu and elsewhere in their campaign to topple Somalia's government and drive out African Union peacekeeping troops out of the Horn of Africa country.
(Writing by Clement Uwiringiyimana; editing by Mark Heinrich)
TORONTO — Scotiabank's 1832 Asset Management LP will pay a fine after improper lavish spending on promotional activities for financial advisers.
Under a settlement agreement with the Ontario Securities Commission, the firm will pay an $800,000 fine and an additional $150,000 for costs related to the regulator's investigation.
Investment fund managers are prohibited from providing "excessive non-monetary benefits" to advisers. Promotional activities and items are supposed to be of minimal value.
According to the settlement, the investment firm, which is the manager of the Dynamic family of mutual funds, failed to meet the minimum standards of conduct from November 2012 to October 2017.
It provided tickets to NHL games, concerts and golf events. Investment conference attendees were also gifted Apple iPad minis, keyboards and sunglasses as well as pricey food, drinks and entertainment.
The settlement noted that 1832 started to make changes last year to its internal practices aimed at improving its compliance.
Glen Gowland, Scotiabank's senior vice-president and head, asset management, said the bank takes its regulatory responsibilities seriously.
"We will continue to work closely with regulators and others to ensure that, as manager of the Dynamic Funds, we meet all requirements with third-party dealers and dealer representatives," Gowland said in a statement.
"We were fully co-operative with the OSC staff during the investigation."
Companies in this story: (TSX:BNS)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc reported a 13.5 percent rise in quarterly profit on Friday, and said it had increased share repurchase authorization up to $1 billion.
Spirit Aero's net income rose to $122.8 million, or $1.07 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $108.2 million, or 89 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned $1.32 per share.
Total revenue rose 9.2 percent to $1.71 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Teachers in Colorado are planning a walkout April 26 and 27 in order to protest comparatively low national wages and low government spending per student.
Colorado teachers are some of the lowest-paid teachers in the country, ranking 46th for average teacher salary in the country in 2016. The state also spends about $2,500 less per student each year than the national average, according to data from the National Education Association.
The Colorado Education Association, the state teacher union responsible for organizing the walkouts, has called for educators to meet at Colorado's State Capitol Building to call on legislators to support teachers and their interests.
Kerrie Dallman, president of the Colorado Education Association, said in a statement posted on the CEA's website that teachers must meet in the capital to show legislators that education is a priority.
“School districts and public school supporters end up begging for the leftover money at the end of every legislative session while our dedicated educators are forced to work second jobs and buy school supplies out of their own pockets,” Dallman said. “Our members are taking a stand at the Capitol next week to demand something better than the leftovers.”
State legislators in Colorado proposed a bill April 20 that prohibits school districts from supporting a teacher strike and would require districts to dock teachers' pay for each day they participate in a strike. The bill states that teachers could also face jail time or daily fines of up to $500 for protesting and that any teachers found to be violating a court order prohibiting a strike could be fired without a hearing.
Senate President Kevin Grantham, a Republican, said they were unsure of how far the bill, which was proposed by Senate Republicans, would make it in Colorado's Senate.
“I'm not sure it has 100 percent support in the Republican caucus,” Grantham said.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper has supported teachers and funding for teachers in the past — namely, they have supported better retirement plans for public servants, including teachers — but they have not made a statement on the walkout or the proposed bill.
Both the bill and the proposed Colorado teacher walkout come after teacher strikes in Oklahoma, West Virginia, Arizona and Kentucky. Some teachers in Colorado canceled classes April 16 to walkout for better wages, but the upcoming rallies will be the first unified efforts across the state.
MADRID, April 10 Banco Popular chairperson Emilio Saracho said on Monday the struggling bank was considering a capital increase and did not rule out a merger.
The bank is considered Spain's weakest due to its exposure to toxic real estate assets, and reported a record 3.5 billion euro ($3.70 billion) loss last year.
"We need high confidence to carry out a new capital increase, so we must create that through transparency," Saracho told shareholders in Madrid.
Saracho, who took over the chairpersonship in December, said the bank would continue to work on selling real estate assets and was considering selling off other non-strategic holdings.
Banco Popular shares are the worst performers on the European STOXX banking index over the past year, falling almost 60 percent against a 30 percent rise in the index. They were trading down 2.8 percent at 1022 GMT.
($1 = 0.9454 euros) (Reporting by Jesus Aguado, writing by Isla Binnie, editing by Angus Berwick)
WASHINGTON — John Lackey is on the World Series champion Chicago Cubs' roster for their NL Division Series against the Washington Nationals.
Lackey was not among the starting pitchers that Cubs manager Joe Maddon had announced for the NLDS that begins in Washington on Friday night, so their status was in doubt. Lackey, a right-hander, has won three World Series titles, but they were only 12-12 with a 4.59 ERA this season for the NL Central champions.
Also in Chicago's bullpen, in a mild surprise, is left-hander Justin Wilson, who had a 5.09 ERA in 17 2/3 innings with the Cubs after arriving from the Detroit Tigers in a trade. But they also have this key career stat: Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy is 0 for 6 against Wilson with three strikeouts.
The Cubs chose to go with two catchers instead of three, with Alex Avila backing up Willson Contreras. They kept Rene Rivera off the roster even though they came up big down the stretch, going 15 for 44 after Chicago selected them off waivers from the New York Mets in August. Outfielder Kyle Schwarber could catch in a pinch.
April 20 D.R. Horton Inc, the largest U.S. homebuilder, reported a 17.5 percent rise in quarterly profit on Thursday, driven by higher home sales.
The company's net income rose to $229.2 million, or 60 cents per share, in the second quarter ended March 31, from $195.1 million, or 52 cents per share, a year earlier.
Home sales rose 17.6 percent to $3.16 billion. (Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Edited by Martina D'Couto)
Over the course of the next few months, Ithaca College will be replacing and upgrading its degree evaluation system in HomerConnect with Degree Works software.
The tentative layout for the system was unveiled to the campus April 11, with the goal of a Fall 2017 launch for the new system. The cost of the project has been budgeted at $165,000 — including the software itself, the licensing, the vendor fees and any other costs of implementation, Registrar Vikki Levine said.
The new software is supposed to simplify navigating the college's academic database within HomerConnect, said Levine, who is leading the implementation team for the new system. HomerConnect is the online source for all academic and financial information for students. It is where students register for classes, select meal plans and review financial aid. They described the old degree evaluation system — where students can run checks on their degree requirements — as clunky and said Degree Works will provide a more modern layout.
“I think the student body could probably attest to the fact that the current system doesn't look like the latest technology and that there is going to be a lot of value added from the new system from the student perspective and adviser perspective,” Levine said. “It's a natural progression. The system we're currently on is ending its life cycle, and this is the next logical step.”
Degree Works is advertised by its creator, Ellucian, as having a user-friendly layout as well as a number of instruments that will allow students to more easily understand where they stand academically and plan for their future accordingly. Some new features will include an eight-semester “plan ahead” calendar and the ability for students and advisers to communicate through notes directly on degree audits, according to Ellucian Technology's website.
“The biggest benefit is that students will be able to run one audit for multiple majors and minors,” Levine said. “So if you are a dual major in our current system, you have to run two audits, but now you'll be able to run one and see all that information in one spot, and that is pretty neat.”
Students like sophomore Cal Yohannan said they are happy to hear the system will be getting a makeover. Yohannan said they always preferred the help of in-person academic advising to the online system because it did not provide them with the level of detail that they needed.
“I was always just sort of able to navigate through the old system despite it not being so clear,” Yohannan said. “I am excited to get to know the new system, though, and actually, hopefully, understand if I am going to be able to graduate on time, because that is pretty huge deal.”
Michael Fox, an implementation consultant with Strata Information Group, is assisting the college in smoothing out the logistics of implementing Degree Works. Fox said having all academic information in one place that is easy to access and understand will allow the college to better match its course offerings to students' demands.
“Once those audits are in place that are showing where every student stands in relation to their or their graduation requirements, then you get a gold mine of data because you know what's in the bank, and you can begin taking that database apart to see how many students in specific programs still need to fulfill certain requirements,” Fox said.
Fox said they will be on campus working with Levine and the rest of the college's implementation team to work out bugs and field concerns.
“We're at a point where we're going to be working with the implementation team for 2 1/2 days in the next week, and there are hundreds of configurations that have to be set, all of which take what I call ‘incremental confession' regarding the culture of your institution,” Fox said. “Since it is online interactive advice, we have to wring it out and make sure that it is accurate and 99.9 percent correct.”
Young actor Blake Jenner played Ryder Lynn in the teen dramedy series 'Glee' and recently starred in the critically-acclaimed dramedy 'The Edge of Seventeen' with Woody Harrelson. Now he's also producing, and starring as Billy, an angry teen who finds themselves in a dangerous situation, in 'Juvenille.' The film will screen to the public at 8 p.m. Friday at Regal Theater Horton Plaza as part of San Diego International Film Festival.
- Above is an extra scene from Luke Gallows' recent "Superstar Ink" episode with The Good Brother talking to host Corey Graves about a botched tattoo they have.
Triple H will speak with the media this Wednesday to promote Saturday's WWE NXT "Takeover: Brooklyn III" event. We will have highlights from the call once it's over.
- WWE posted these videos with RAW Tag Team Champion Cesaro, Tian Bing, Shinsuke Nakamura, WWE Champion Jinder Mahal and some of the international announcers to reveal that Sunday's SummerSlam pay-per-view will stream live for the first time in Hindi, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Spanish, Mandarin, Russian and German.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Britain Soccer Football - Hull City v Middlesbrough - Premier League - The Kingston Communications Stadium - 5/4/17 Hull City's Harry Maguire scores their fourth goal as Middlesbrough's Victor Valdes looks on Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
HULL CITY 4 MIDDLESBROUGH 2
Hull City kept alive their bid to avoid relegation after coming from behind to beat Middlesbrough 4-2 in the Premier League on Wednesday and pile more pressure on their beleaguered rivals.
The result lifted Hull out of the drop zone into 17th position on 30 points from 31 games, while Boro remained 19th with 23 points from 30 matches after stretching their winless league run to 13 games.
Middlesbrough imploded after Alvaro Negredo had fired them into an early lead as Lazar Markovic, Baye Oumar Niasse and Abel Hernandez gave Hull a 3-1 advantage before Marten De Roon pulled one back from an offside position on the stroke of halftime.
The frantic pace dropped after the interval but Hull held the upper hand and sealed the contest when captain Harry Maguire headed home their first Premier League goal to give the Yorkshire club a fifth win in six home games under manager Marco Silva.
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Ken Ferris)
COLOMBO, April 12 The Sri Lankan rupee edged down on Wednesday as importer dollar demand and dividend payments outpaced mild inward remittances ahead of the traditional new year holidays, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 153.35/50 per dollar at 0550 GMT, compared with Tuesday's close of 153.30/45.
"Today we can see demand from small banks too. But conversions are very less than most of the companies are closed for the new year," said a currency dealer who requested anonymity.
Sri Lanka will celebrate its traditional new year this week and the markets will be closed on Thursday and Friday.
The rupee has been under pressure due to increased seasonal imports ahead of the new year, although dealers expect the pressure to ease with seasonal inward remittances.
Outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have also been putting pressure on the currency.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 259.5 million rupees ($1.71 million) in the week ended April 5. However, they net sold 63.9 billion rupees worth of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.51 percent at 6,337.74 as of 0551 GMT. Turnover stood at 1.03 billion rupees ($6.79 million). ($1 = 151.6000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sunil Nair)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Atlanta-area woman dead, husband hurt in the Bahamas' explosion
WOODSTOCK, Ga. (AP) — A Georgia woman is dead and their husband badly hurt after a tour boat they were on in the Bahamas exploded over the weekend.
Cherokee County school officials say 39-year-old Maleka Jackson and their husband, Tiran, were among 10 people on the boat when it blew up about 9 a.m. Saturday off the coast of Exuma, which is 130 miles south of Nassau. The cause of the explosion remains under investigation.
News outlets report video filmed from a nearby boat showed tourists jumping into the water in an attempt to rescue passengers in the burning boat. The footage also showed thick, black smoke pouring into the sky and large flames shooting from the boat.
Jackson is the former president of the Mill Creek Middle School PTSA in Woodstock. According to a Facebook post, they and their husband were celebrating their 15th wedding anniversary.
From Harford County Public Schools:
Harford County Public Schools has participated in the Summer Food Service Program for more than 25 consecutive years. Meals will be provided to all children without charge. Acceptance and participation requirements for the program and all activities are the same for all regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, or disability. There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service.
Open Meal Sites and Times
June 19 – August 25, 2017 Aberdeen Boys and Girls Club Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
June 19 – August 25, 2017 Havre de Grace Boys and Girls Club Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
June 19 – August 25, 2017 Edgewood Boys and Girls Club Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
June 26 – August 4, 2017 Havre de Grace Parks & Rec Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
July 10 – August 3, 2017 Aberdeen High School Breakfast: 7:15 a.m.
July 17 – August 10, 2017 Harford Family House Lunch: 11:30 a.m.
July 17 – 20, 2017 Aberdeen High School Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
August 7 – 17, 2017 Halls Cross Roads Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
August 7 – 17, 2017 Bakerfield Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
August 7 – 17, 2017 Havre de Grace Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
August 7 – 17, 2017 Hillsdale Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
June 19 – July 28, 2017 Village at Lakeview Lunch: 12:00 p.m.
July 5 – August 18, 2017 Windsor Valley Lunch: 12:30 p.m.
July 10 – August 17, 2017 Judy Center at Magnolia Elementary Lunch: 12:30 p.m.
July 17 – July 27, 2017 Edgewood Middle, Basketball Camp Lunch: 12:30 p.m.
July 24 – August 3, 2017 Deerfield Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
July 24 – August 3, 2017 Magnolia Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
July 24 – August 3, 2017 William Paca Elementary Breakfast: 8:30 a.m.
Mobile Meal Sites
Mobile Meals will be served Monday through Thursday from June 19, 2017, until August 31, 2017. The meal offered will be lunch. Please see sites listed below:
Havre de Grace Elementary, 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
Havre de Grace Housing Authority, 12:00 p.m.
Havre de Grace Public Library, 1:00 – 2:00 p.m.
Aberdeen Public Library, 1:00 – 2:00 p.m.
Victory Street Park, 12:30 p.m.
Affinity Old Post Apartments, 12:30 p.m.
Perrywood Gardens, 12:00 – 1:00 p.m.
Joppatowne Public Library, 1:00 – 2:00 p.m.
Edgewood Public Library, 1:00 – 2:00 p.m.
Enrolled Sites and Camps
Meals will be provided to all eligible children free of charge. Children who are part of households that receive benefits through the Food Supplement Program or Temporary Cash Assistance (TCA) are automatically eligible to receive free meals. To be eligible to receive free meals at a residential or non-residential camp, children must meet the income guidelines listed below for reduced-price meals in the National School Lunch Program. Please see the closed sites below:
In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA.
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g. braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.), should contact the Agency (State or local) where they applied for benefits. Individuals who are Deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in languages other than English.
To file a program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, (AD-3027) found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office, or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the information requested on the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992.
Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:
(1) mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, D.C. 20250-9410;
(2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or
(3) email: program.intake@usda.gov.
This institution is an equal opportunity provider.
The Maryland State Department of Education does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, disability, or sexual orientation in matters affecting employment or in providing access to programs and activities and provides equal access to the Boy Scouts and other designated youth groups. For inquiries related to Department policy, please contact: Agency Equity Officer, Equity Assurance and Compliance Officer, Office of the Deputy State Superintendent for Finance and Administration, Maryland State Department of Education, 200 W. Baltimore Street – 6th Floor, Baltimore, Maryland 21201-2595, 410-767-0433 – voice, 410-767-0431 – fax.
Norway's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO, June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Thursday.
Don't miss this fun event. Live music, raffles & $5 All-you-can-eat wrist bands. 501(c)
2nd Annual Dirty Dog Chili Cook-Off for Chairty
Contact
Kristina Johnson
***@aol.com Kristina Johnson
End
--will be hosting their 2nd Annual Chili Cook-Off Saturday, April 7th, and it's open to the public. Only $5 for all-you-can-eat wrist bands. Live music by Torrid Soul & DJ Dr. Phil Good. Celebrity judges, raffles, calendar signings and lots of fun. The 2nd annual Dirty Dog Chili cook-off will be held at Neon Moon in La Porte Tx, Saturday, April 7th, beginning at 12pm. Cook-off judging begins at 3pm. LIVE music all day! So come join the fun.Each year the group founder, Jimisu fsbdt Balko known as "Queen of Fur-babies" & their volunteers known as "The Beauties" organize such events to raise funds for their spay & neutering program. The organization's moto speaks volumes the overcrowded pet population. "The first steps to no kill is no birth".Jimisu & their Beauties is still seeking cook-off teams. Please contact them for information on how you can have your own team.Please visit the links below for more information.For more information on how to get involved, please visitwww.jimisuandherbeauties.com
LONDON Britain's largest natural gas storage site, Rough, will not be available for gas injection until the end of April next year, operator Centrica Storage Ltd (CSL) (CNA.L) said on Wednesday.
Concerns about the integrity of wells at the Rough site, off England's east coast, prompted Centrica to impose limits last year on how much gas could be stored, as a safety precaution.
After investigations, Centrica initially shut the facility for injections and withdrawals of gas. Withdrawals resumed in December but injections were put hold until at least July 1, which has now been extended to April next year.
Gas withdrawal at Rough is unaffected by the latest move.
Britain depends on stored gas reserves to help manage winter demand spikes and to ensure security of supply. Rough is the largest storage site in the country but is more than 30 years old and repeated outages have shown its vulnerability.
"CSL has concluded that, as a reasonable and prudent operator, based upon the results of its well testing program, Rough cannot safely re-commence injection operations in the 2017/18 storage year," the company said in a statement.
The UK gas storage year runs from the start of May to the end of April, a Centrica spokesperson told Reuters.
After testing two thirds of the wells, CSL said results confirmed several possible issues in a number of the wells, without giving details. It said tests would now be conducted on the remaining wells. It did not give a timeline for completion.
The announcement was largely expected due to the age of the facility and repeated outages which have shown its vulnerability, analysts said.
"Our forecasts for this summer took the view that Rough Storage would not be able to return this gas year, and there are significant concerns whether or not it will be operational again," said Oliver Sanderson, gas analyst at Thomson Reuters.
They said the news would push UK gas prices higher, especially for the third quarter and the coming winter.
The UK gas contract for winter 2017 TRGBNBPSH8 was up 0.62 pence at 46.57 pence per therm at 0900 GMT.
(Reporting by Nina Chestney and Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Edmund Blair)
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush wave from the backstage after their maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A member of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush prepares for band's maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A member of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush is prepared for band's maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush prepare for band's maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush appear on the stage during their maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush prepare for band's maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Fans of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush follow their maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush leave the stage after their maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Members of China's all-girl 'boyband' FFC-Acrush appear on the stage during their maiden press conference in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
BEIJING China's all-girl "boy band", FFC-Acrush, had more than 749,000 followers on social networking site Weibo even before any of their music was released.
Sporting short bobs, loose T-shirts and barely there makeup, Acrush's androgynous look is bucking centuries-old norms in a society where girls strive to look feminine and act demurely.
Marketed by sports brand Fantasy Football Confederation (FFC), the five women - aged 18 to 24 - held their first news conference in Beijing on Friday as their first single "Action" was released.
"We want the girls to break the mould," the band's agent, Zhou Xiaobai, told Reuters.
The letter 'A' in the band's name is a reference to the god Adonis - the archetype of youthful male beauty in Greek mythology.
It's not the first time Chinese music agents have had the idea of forming a gender-neutral act.
In 2005, a boyish-looking Li Yuchun briefly won fans with their style. They also sparked debate about how women should dress in a conservative society.
Held back by worry about a social backlash, the music industry had stayed away from marketing "handsome girl" acts until 2016.
Last year, Zhejiang Huati Culture Communication, an entertainment startup backed by Tencent Holdings, was looking to create a girl band when the idea of an androgynous act came about.
"It was rather a coincidence. We happened to see many 'handsome girls' during the auditions, and people thought they looked quite all right. Then it hit me that now is the time," Zhejiang Huati's chief executive Wang Tianhai told Reuters.
Acrush is one of several bands under the FFC brand, which aims to be a pioneer in sports entertainment by mixing sports with music and dance.
All FFC bands - including Acrush - must learn how to play soccer.
Soccer is backed President Xi Jinping, and the sport is expected to boom into a 5 trillion yuan ($725 billion) business by 2025.
"It is a new adventure for us and also for the Chinese pop music market," said Min Junqian, a member of Acrush.
"I will not be afraid, because I will just be me, a handsome girl."
($1 = 6.8940 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Muyu Xu and Ryan Woo; Editing by Robert Birsel)
