Guy Pearce has claimed Kevin Spacey was "very handsy" on the set of 'LA Confidential'.
The 50-year-old actor has implied they were inappropriately touched by their 58-year-old co-star when they appeared alongside one another as Ed Exley and Jack Vincennes respectively in the crime thriller film in 1997.
In an interview with Andrew Denton on the Australian talk show 'Interview', Guy was asked for their thoughts on working with Kevin to which they replied: "Yeah ... yeah. Tough one to talk about at the moment. Amazing actor; incredible actor. Mmm. Slightly difficult time with Kevin, yeah. He's a handsy guy. Thankfully, I was 29 and not 14."
Kevin was first accused of sexual assault in the work place in November last year by Anthony Rapp - who claimed they made unwanted advances on them in 1986 when they were just 14 years - but they have since denied they have any recollection of the alleged incident.
Since then, more than 30 men have come forward with allegations against Kevin and the Met Police in London have recently revealed they are following up three new accusations.
According to the BBC, police received allegations between February and April this year which claimed the 'American Beauty' actor sexually assaulted men in both the English capital and Gloucester.
The publication reports that the most recent accusations are alleged to have occurred in the London boroughs of Westminster in 1996 and Lambeth in 2008, with the Gloucester allegation taking place in 2013.
The news comes after Los Angeles County prosecutors claimed in April they were reviewing a "sex crimes case" against the Oscar-winning actor.
No other details were revealed about the review, but it was claimed at the time that the information had been passed on to Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office's Sex Crimes Task Force.
The biggest superstars in the world need no introduction, but they weren't always so recognizable — or successful. Behind every A-list career is years of hustle and determination. Need some inspo to kickstart the next stage of your life? Check out what 10 of the world's most massive superstars have to say about their humble beginnings.
Taylor Swift
“I thought, ‘Oh, awesome, I'm gonna get to deal with Universal!'” Taylor recalled to Entertainment Weekly in 2008. “I get this call a couple of weeks later, after I do this showcase, and Scott [Borchetta]'s onboard and everything's rocking. They go, ‘I have good news and bad news. The good news is I want to sign you, and the bad news is I'm not gonna be with Universal Records anymore.'
Because they were leaving to start up this whole new record label … They only had 10 employees at the record label to start out with, so when they were releasing my first single, my mom and I came in to help stuff the CD singles into envelopes to send to radio. We sat out on the floor and did it because there wasn't furniture at the label yet.”
Jennifer Lawrence
“I was in New York, just watching street dancing, and this model scout asked if they could take a picture,” Jennifer recalled to Vanity Fair. “I had no idea that was creepy. So I was like, ‘Yeah, sure,' and I gave them my mom's phone number. And then they called and said all these agents wanted to meet, and we were like, ‘Might as well.'
I was playing field hockey and cheerleading and wanted to be a doctor — but within 20 minutes, in the cab ride from the hotel room, I decided I didn't want to be a model, that, in fact, I wanted to be an actor, and I would only sign with an agency if they would let me audition for commercials and act as well.
I don't know where that came from. And one of them gave me a script to audition the next day, and I read the script and it was the first time I had that feeling, like, I understand this. This is the first time I've ever understood anything. I was 14. And my brothers were star athletes. And one of them was a straight-A student. I always felt like I sucked at everything, that I could never find the thing that I liked. I auditioned and I probably sucked, but I had decided 100 percent that this is what I wanted to do. And, fortunately, my mother and I had fallen in love with New York, so the idea of living there for the summer wasn't as scary.”
Justin Bieber
“If I want to learn something, I basically just do it until I perfect it,” Justin told MTV in 2009. “I started playing drums at 2 years old, piano at 5, guitar at 7. I really taught myself how to do it. I definitely consider myself a determined and hard-working guy.”
Beyoncé
At age 9, Beyoncé performed on Star Search as part of the Girl's Tyme. While making their self-titled album, they reflected on the important lesson they learned when the group was beat out by their competitor. “You can work super hard and give everything you have, and lose. It was the best message for me.”
Ed Sheeran
“It was the choice between staying in school, going to university and trying to get a job, or dropping out and seeing if the music thing would work,” Ed told Faze. “From the age of 16, I had to take it very seriously because it was the only thing that I was doing at that time.”
Justin Timberlake
In a 2013 interview with NPR, Justin reflected back on the formation of ‘NSYNC. “Everything that we did was based around a cappella harmonies,” they said. “That's what we wanted to be in the beginning — an a cappella group. So that is why we put five guys in the group. When we were forming the group, there wasn't a boy-band phenomenon. Nirvana and Pearl Jam were probably the top two acts in the world at the time, so we never knew at what capacity everything was going to work out for us. I don't think we thought it was going to be as big as it became.”
Alicia Keys
“I had a vision for myself and felt I wasn't allowed to express it, because people always want to tell you, ‘Do it like this, don't do that, you should do this, you can't do that,” they told the Telegraph. “So I did feel like I had to control it. I had to claim my space,” they say. “It was about demanding respect, saying, ‘Here's what I want', and pushing people as opposed to being pushed around. I found that if you acted like you knew what you were doing, people would believe you knew what you were doing.”
Ashton Kutcher
“I believe that opportunity looks a lot like hard work,” they said at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards. “When I was 13, I had my first job with my dad carrying shingles up to the roof. And then I got a job washing dishes at a restaurant. And then I got a job in a grocery store deli. And then I got a job in a factory sweeping Cheerio dust off the ground. And I've never had a job in my life that I was better than. I was always just lucky to have a job. And every job that I had was a stepping stone to my next job, and I never quit my job until I had my next job. And so opportunities look a lot like work.”
Selena Gomez
“This year is when I really started feeling powerful,” Selena told Seventeen in 2014. “I had always been the underdog secretly. I was on Disney when it was Miley [Cyrus], the Jonas Brothers and Demi [Lovato]. I questioned the way I looked, acted, sang and wrote. Then I turned 20, went through a really bad breakup, and realized I needed to have ‘Come & Get It' be amazing. I wanted it all to be me. I'm glad it's taken me this long to get where I am because now I am ready for it.”
Bruno Mars
“From a very young age I remember watching the show and being completely fascinated,” Bruno told Blues & Soul. “You know, my uncle would be up there playing guitar, my dad would be up there conducting the whole show, my mom would be singing out. And I'd be like, ‘I wanna go up there, too!' So, from the moment my dad started allowing me onstage, I became a ham.”
Investigators looking into Sunday's Las Vegas massacre have found no known nexus to terror or connections to ISIS, Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill told reporters Friday.
They have no credible information as to Stephen Paddock's motive, despite more than 1,000 leads and tips, McMahill said at a news conference.
McMahill said authorities are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room, but are still trying to determine whether anyone else knew of Paddock's plans.
Other developments from the media briefing:
— Authorities do not believe another person used Stephen Paddock's room key at the Mandalay Bay hotel
— McMahill called security guard Jesus Campos a “true hero.” Campos was dispatched to the 32nd floor on Sunday night because a door-ajar alarm was going off.
— Investigators have reviewed “volumonous amounts of video” from many different locations including Mandalay Bay and have not seen any other person they think at this point is another suspect.
— Asked about video on which Paddock might have discussed motive, McMahill said: “I am not aware that we have recovered any such video.
Source: Shooter tried to buy tracer rounds
Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN.
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show, but they couldn't obtain the tracer ammunition — bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path — because the vendor didn't have any to sell, the official said.
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when they fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from their suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, hundreds of yards away, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition, they could have had a more precise idea of where their shots were going in the darkness, and could have been more accurate.
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers — perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine, said Art Roderick, a CNN law enforcement analyst.
“It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target, but a specific area. … There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if they had tracer rounds,” said Roderick, a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service.
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer ammunition, Paddock's location was difficult to determine from the outside, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
“The barrel of the rifle — we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that they were … pulled back inside,” Gagliano said.
At least 88 of the injured still were in Las Vegas-area hospitals on Friday morning, 37 of whom were in critical condition, representatives of the facilities said.
Did Paddock want to escape?
Five days after the mass shooting, authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant, who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons.
In addition to the 23 weapons in their hotel suite, Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car in the hotel parking lot, police said, fueling suspicion that they intended to survive the massacre.
“He was doing everything possible to see how they could escape,” Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday, declining to detail specifics.
Escape, in this case, might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until they got caught, said John Sheahan, a former Las Vegas SWAT team member.
“There's one of three ways it's going to end for an active shooter, and they pretty much all know this. You're either going to commit suicide; you're going to … shoot it out with (police) and you're going to be killed; or you're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b, c, d and e until the police finally stop you,” Sheahan said.
“He rented the room in their own name. He's already on video coming in and out. We know who they are. He's going to be the most wanted man in the world if they do try to leave here,” they added.
Authorities: Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree, but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest they had assistance.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of their attack planning.
Lombardo, the sheriff, had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out their plan by himself.
“Do you think this was all accomplished on their own? You've got to make the assumption they had to have some help at some point,” they said.
As the investigation grinds on, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday, who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event.
Their body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery, and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city — one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening.
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack, the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled, David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN.
“This was a mutual decision with the show's organizers, given recent events, it was the prudent thing to do,” Strow said.
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks — legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly.
In the aftermath of Sunday's shooting, pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association, the powerful pro-gun lobby, have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices, which sell for under $200, should be subject to additional regulation.
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination, the White House said Wednesday.
‘Numbers' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock's room, according to the New York Times. Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning, but Lombardo didn't elaborate on whether they are significant or not.
“Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note,” the Times reported.
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre, Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival.
In addition, in August, a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago's Blackstone Hotel during the city's Lollapalooza music festival, said Wagstaff Worldwide, which represents the hotel.
But that person never checked into the hotel, which overlooked the festival, Wagstaff Worldwide spokesperson Emmy Carragher said.
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre.
The Chicago Tribune, citing an anonymous law enforcement source, reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel.
Hairdresser: Paddock spoke about girlfriend's trip
Kallie Beig, who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite, Paddock's hometown, told CNN exclusively that they had cut Paddock's hair at least three times over the past three years, and that every time they had come in, always early in the morning, they had smelled of strong liquor.
They would tell them that he'd been up all night gambling, they said.
The last time they saw them was two months before Sunday's tragedy, they said.
During their last visit, they told them they were planning on sending their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to the Philippines and they were going to be alone. They did not discuss the trip with Danley personally.
“The last time I saw them was probably only about two months ago… they came in and got their hair cut, and again, smelled of alcohol, and their girlfriend was with him… doing their own thing, and they were telling me about them leaving to go to the Philippines.”
They said that the interaction was normal and didn't raise any red flags with them
“He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by themselves but it wasn't anything weird, it wasn't anything that seemed off.”
In their statement released through their attorney, Matt Lombard, Danley said the trip was a surprise.
“A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me they found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that they wanted me to take a trip home to see my family,” they said.
“Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends.”
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant — they said they didn't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Daily Mail reported Thursday that “Tehran police have arrested 29 women for appearing in public without a headscarf as protests against the dress code in force since the Islamic revolution of 1979 intensify,” citing Iranian police.
“Those arrested were accused of public order offences and referred to the state prosecutor's office, Iranian nnews [sic] agencies reported without elaborating,” the report noted.
Thursday was also “World Hijab Day,” which its organizers say is designed to “fight discrimination against Muslim women through awareness and education. It is a day on which women of diverse backgrounds and persuasions are encouraged to wear the Islamic head veil in solidarity with Muslim women.”
And so under the hashtag #StrongInHijab, Islamic supremacists and their willing gophers on the left – middle-class Western feminists – observed the first annual “World Hijab Day” yesterday. In one of the most pathetic and destructive shows of “virtue signaling,” non-Muslim women were urged to wear the garment of oppression, subjugation, and misogyny. While women are fighting and dying for their most basic rights in countries ruled under Islamic law, left-wing goons in the West are working to impose the misogyny of the sharia.
Look, no cares if you wear the hijab. No one cares if you wear purple hair, for that matter. But what about the women forced to wear the hijab. American girls like Jessica Mokdad, Amina Said, Sarah Said, Noor Almaleki, and so many others who were honor murdered for not wearing the hijab, for wanting to live free. Who speaks for them? The real world recognition day should be in tribute to women who are forced to wear the hijab, beaten and/or arrested if they don't.
One campaign fighting against the enforced hijab in Iran set up by Ms. Masih Alinejad is My Stealthy Freedom. It is “dedicated to Iranian women inside the country who want to share their ‘stealthily' taken photos without the veil,” and aims to be a “living archive” of their fight.
For years, my work in defense of Muslim women wanting to live free, be free, out from under the boot of sharia misogyny, was smeared, mocked, labeled “Islamophobic.” Girls such as Rifqa Bary and the now-dead girls, including Aqsa Parvez, Amina and Sarah Said, Jessica Mokdad, Noor Almaleki, et al, wanted to be free not to wear the hijab – in America. Our calls for such elemental freedom were viciously attacked amid the constant cries of “racism” (Islam is not a race) and absurd claims that we were making it hard for Muslim women to wear the hijab. That was laughable, of course, because I never so much as addressed Muslim women and their choices, no matter how submissive and subdued, but this was uniformly repeated and chanted by Islamic supremacists and their leftwing lapdogs, most especially in the “feminist movement.”
And now we see an entire nation of women, Muslim women, standing up against the hijab. Are they, too, “Islamophobes”?
Remember: the Islamic Republic of Iran is the country that the Democrats are fighting for today, opposing President Trump's efforts to stop Iran from arming itself with nuclear weapons.
As David Kurten in Breitbart News points out, punishments for removing a hijab can be brutal – Islamic regimes are known to physically beat women for non-compliance with their dress codes. This is true not only in the Middle East, but increasingly on a local level in the West.
A brave headteacher in a London primary school recently took action to ban children under the age of eight from wearing hijabs in their school. The school is in an area of east London that has undergone almost total population replacement of the white working-class there 50 years ago to mostly people of Bangladeshi and Pakistani Muslim origin today. The response of the local community was to organize a campaign of intimidation against them until they backed down.
World Hijab Day is a stunning indictment of the hypocrisy of the evil left as much as choosing the sharia-promoting, forced marriage advocate Linda Sarsour for their leader. The real “feminists” are the women who are fighting for a fraction, a sliver of the freedoms their Western “sisters” enjoy.
Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), publisher of The Geller Report and author of the bestselling book, FATWA: Hunted in America, as well as The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration's War on America and Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance. Follow them on Twitter or Facebook.
President Donald Trump met with several military leaders at the White House on Thursday, and later invited them and their spouses for dinner.
Secretary of Defense James Mattis and General Joseph Dunford attended as well as the former generals who now serve Trump in the White House — General John Kelly and General H.R. McMaster.
advertisement
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked the press, during a brief photo op after the dinner.
“Tell us,” a reporter replied.
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” they hinted.
The president did not discuss further what they meant despite a flurry of follow-up questions from the press.
“Nobody does it better than the people in this room, believe me,” Trump said, addressing the leaders, thanking them for their service.
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President & First Lady @WhiteHouse. pic.twitter.com/PkdrwrWs1l — Dan Scavino Jr. (@Scavino45) October 6, 2017
Trump spoke of the challenges the country was facing in North Korea, Iran, and Afghanistan as well as the ongoing fight against ISIS.
“I put my trust in you to execute our mission aggressively and effectively, and you are delivering,” they said, promising to increase the military budget.
But Trump urged them to work harder and faster to put military options on the table.
“Moving forward, I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace,” they said. “I know that government bureaucracy is slow, but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy.”
Two men have been injured after one vehicle ended up on its side following a two-truck collision in Burlington today.
The accident occurred around 11:50 a.m. in the westbound lanes of Mainway Drive in front of Mainway arena.
A blue Ford truck driven by an elderly male ended up on its passenger side while a white Ford pickup, driven by a man, ended up a few feet away with severe front-end damage.
Halton police, firefighters and paramedics were on the scene.
New Delhi: Finnish start-up HMD Global, which owns the Nokia brand, on Monday announced the release of 'Nokia 5' smartphone in India.
It will be available in retail stores at Rs 12,499 from August 15.
The smartphone features a 5.2-inch IPS HD display with Corning Gorilla Glass, 2GB RAM and 16GB internal storage which can be expanded upto 128GB with microSD card.
"People today want something that fits in the palm of their hands and they want something that will go the distance. 'Nokia 5' is the ultimate pocketable phone at 5.2 inches with a very unique design," Ajey Mehta, Vice-President, HMD Global India, said in a statement.
The phone sports a 13MP rear camera with dual flash which has been optimised for all light conditions and 8MP front camera for selfies. Running on Android 7.1.1 Nougat, the device is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 mobile platform. Equipped with a 3000mAh battery, 'Nokia 5' comes with biometric fingerprint authentication feature.
May 3 Biopharmx Corp
* Biopharmx Corp says achieved primary endpoint in its phase 2b clinical trial evaluating bpx-01
* Biopharmx Corp says based on these phase 2b results, Biopharmx continues to progress bpx-01 towards a phase 3 program Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): Further tightening the noose around drug abuse, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh has ordered a mandatory dope test of all government employees, including police personnel, from the time of their recruitment through every stage of their service.
Singh has directed the chief secretary to work out the modalities and have the necessary notification issued in this regard.
According to an official spokesperson, the Punjab Chief Minister has ordered drug screening to be mandatorily done in all cases of recruitment and promotions, as well as the annual medical examination that certain employees are required to undergo in accordance with the nature of their duties.
The dope test would be made mandatory for all recruitments, according to an official spokesperson. Further, the dope test would also be made a mandatory part of the annual medical examination of all civilian and police employees of the Punjab government, wherever prescribed, the spokesperson added. The move is part of the series of initiatives taken by Singh over the last three days to eliminate drug menace from Punjab. The orders came on the day when the Punjab Chief Minister formally communicated their Cabinet's recommendation to the Centre, seeking an amendment to the NDPS Act to provide for the death penalty for first-time offenders too. Singh has already issued a strict warning to drug smugglers and peddlers to give up their nefarious activities or face stringent action. (ANI)
The famous chef issues an apology
Published 11:37 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines - Mario Batali announced they are stepping away from the operations of their businesses for an undetermined period of time after women have come forward with claims that the chef has sexually harassed them. ABC has also asked Batali to step away from The Chew, a show they have co-hosted since 2011.
According to Eater, 4 women so far have accused Batali of sexual harassment, with one of them, also a chef, claiming that they groped their breasts under the pretext of cleaning wine that they spilled on their shirt.
The other 3 women also work in the restaurant industry, where Batali has been a prominent figure. One woman spoke of incidents where Batali grabbed them from behind and held them tightly, while another woman said that Batali groped them and made them straddle him. Another woman said that Batali grabbed them breasts.
Batali did not deny the allegations, and issued an apology.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted,” they said in a statement to Eater.
“That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
Batali also said that they hope people continue to enjoy their restaurants, saying “I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.”- Rappler.com
President Donald Trump's administration has withdrawn legal policies developed by former President Barack Obama which encouraged the use of racial categories to grant or deny university slots.
The “affirmative action” racial policies were discarded on Tuesday, just before Independence Day.
“Such [racial] policies are outrageously wrong,” says Roger Clegg, president and general counsel of the Center for Equal Opportunity (CEO), a nonprofit think tank which studies civil rights, immigration, and integration. They continued:
Trump is frequently accused of being divisive, but the only civil rights policy that can make sense in a country that is as increasingly multi-ethnic and multi-racial as the United States, is one in which we aren't treating people differently, according to skin color and what country their ancestors came from.
The new Trump policies are “good news,” Clegg told Breitbart News in an interview July 3. “The Obama guidance [on affirmative-action policies] pushed schools to engage in race-based decision-making, which is unfair as a matter of policy and inconsistent with what the Supreme Court has said.”
The Justice Department should also weigh in on and support the lawsuit Asian Americans have brought against Harvard University and the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill regarding discrimination in college admissions, they added. “I hope when it gets to the Supreme Court, we'll have a five-justice majority to put an end to this practice altogether,” they assert.
“Too many Asian Americans applying to elite schools are discriminated against on account of their race,” said Linda Chavez, who co-founded the CEO think-tank. “That is the message of our new study, and it is past time that schools quit the morally dubious means of using race or ethnicity as ‘a factor' in selecting their student bodies.”
In May, Clegg's CEO highlighted the issue of elite schools discriminating against Asian-Americans. According to a CEO study, “at Harvard University, which also uses race in admissions, Asian Americans as a percentage of all undergraduates sharply increased to 21 percent and then significantly dropped,” remaining at about 17 percent since then.
In New York City, Asian-Americans have condemned a proposal by Mayor Bill de Blasio to end admission testing to the city's top high schools to increase black and Hispanic enrollment.
Currently, Asian American students predominate at the city's elite schools, a situation de Blasio hopes to change by allowing some 45 percent of students in the elite schools be black or Latino.
De Blasio defended their plan, writing at Chalkbeat, “Anyone who tells you this is somehow going to lower the standard at these schools is buying into a false and damaging narrative. It's a narrative that traps students in a grossly unfair environment, asks them to live with the consequences, and actually blames them for it.”
Clegg, however, says when skin color and national origin are factors in deciding where a student can attend school – a policy based on discrimination is, in fact, in effect.
To people such as de Blasio and other progressives embracing race-based policies, Clegg says:
Such policies are outrageously wrong. What the Trump administration is doing is the opposite of racist. Trump is frequently accused of being divisive, but the only civil rights policy that can make sense in a country that is as increasingly multi-ethnic and multi-racial as the United States, is one in which we aren't treating people differently, according to skin color and what country their ancestors came from. Whether or not you're a fan of President Trump in other areas, I think all of us should welcome this initiative.
Clegg says the Asian American lawsuit against Harvard and the anger over de Blasio's plan in New York City show it is not just white people who are discriminated against via politically correct preferences:
We have a confluence of events here that makes this an important moment in the way the country is going to move forward on this issue of racial and ethnic preferences in education. I think many non-conservatives who may have sympathy for the use of affirmative action are growing increasingly uncomfortable with the fact that Asian Americans are being discriminated against in addition to whites. It's wrong to discriminate against anybody – including whites.
“The only policy that makes sense going forward is one that reflects E Pluribus Unum,” Clegg says.
Lucknow: The Samajwadi Party (SP) is all set to wrest the Kairana parliamentary seat from the ruling BJP as its candidate Tabassum Hasan has taken an unassailable lead of over 43,000 votes, an Election Commission official said.
Bharatiya Janata Party's Mriganka Singh is their nearest rival while other 10 candidates in the fray are set to lose their deposits.
Talking to reporters after leading in all assembly segments, Hasan said the leads have proven beyond doubt that the people of Kairana had voted out negative and divisive politics.
They said their victory will not only be a defining defeat for the BJP-led negative and communal politics but also expressed hope that it would lead to the coming together and further cementing of forces between the Opposition ranks.
They also thanked everybody for putting in their best and pointed out how not only their party, the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) of Ajit Singh, but workers of the Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Congress and even the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) worked hard to consolidate voters in their favour.
"In the holy month of Ramadan, all the people worked hard in this scorching heat for a goal, with full confidence and positivity and the results are gladdening," they said, sounding elated on what appears to be now a certain victory.
They also demanded that all future elections be held on ballot paper system and not by electronic voting machines (EVMs), which we said were faulty and open to manipulation.
If the trends continue and the BJP loses the seat held by the late Hukum Singh, it will be a major jolt to the party, which a year back stormed to power in the state winning 323 seats in the 403-member House.
Also see: SP beats BJP in UP's Noorpur Assembly seat
The Steelers are coming off an extremely sloppy 39-38 victory over the Ravens in Week 14. It took a 506-yard performance by Ben Roethlisberger to come back from a 9-point fourth quarter deficit to come out of Pittsburgh with the Victory. In Week 15, the Steelers have their toughest matchup of the season taking on the 10-2 New England Patriots.
Here's Tim Benz to break down the Week 15 matchup ahead between the top two teams in the AFC; the Patriots and the Steelers.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A pile of one pound coins is seen, in central London June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Sterling jumped on Wednesday after data showed growth in Britain's dominant services sector hit a three-month high in March, soothing some fears over the health of the economy after manufacturing and construction surveys showed growth slowing.
The pound, which had lost over 1 percent of its value against the dollar since Monday, bounced back after the purchasing managers' index (PMI), rising to as high as $1.2497 in afternoon trade in London. That left it up almost half a percent on the day but down around 0.6 percent on the week.
Though the services PMI came in stronger than expected, hitting 55.0, up from 53.3 in February and beating all forecasts in a Reuters poll, taken together with the manufacturing and construction surveys, the data suggested Britain's economy has probably cooled from its strong growth of late 2016.
And there were other warning signs. Service companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation may rise more than the 3 percent expected by many forecasters this year. Businesses hired people at the slowest pace in seven months.
"Sterling received a lifeline on Wednesday," said FXTM Research Analyst Lukman Otunuga. "(But) although economic data ... continues to display post-Brexit resilience occasionally, the possibility of growth decelerating in the first quarter of 2017 may weigh heavily on sentiment."
The pound also climbed against the euro, trading up 0.5 percent at 85.32 pence.
Most traders and analysts said the main driver for sterling would continue to be how negotiations over the terms of Britain's exit from the European Union play out.
Britain must stop pressing for immediate parallel talks with the European Union on a post-Brexit free trade deal, EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday, and first agree on withdrawal terms.
"With the European Union setting out its 'red lines' for the Brexit negotiations and emphasizing how the divorce terms must be agreed before striking any new trade deals, a rocky road may lie ahead," said Otunuga.
"Brexit fatigue" may make the currency less sensitive to political developments, however. Sterling has fallen almost 17 percent against the dollar since June's vote to leave the EU.
Many economists say political uncertainty surrounding Brexit, as well as faltering wage growth, will prevent the Bank of England from tightening monetary policy anytime soon despite accelerating inflation, which could act as a cap on sterling.
"The BoE cannot be seen to be cavalier when it comes to its inflation target, but periodic reminders of this fact aside, current economic trends reinforce our conviction in the BoE's sustained tolerance of above-target inflation," wrote BNY Mellon currency strategists in a research note.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly and David Milliken; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Media Research Center Vice President of Business and Culture Dan Gainor joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday to discuss media coverage of events in Charlottesville, including an MSNBC guest who repeatedly called members of President Trump's administration “Nazis.”
Gainor called Charlottesville “a tragedy made worse by media people who want to hype it,” pointing out several incidents of political violence coming from the left in America, which the media all but ignores.
advertisement
“There were no highlights; there just weren't any,” said Gainor of the media coverage. They went on to point out several instances where media have completely ignored violence from leftist groups.
“If you don't call out political violence on the left and the right, then what you do is embolden whoever you don't call out. Trump calls out both sides, and the media attack them for it,” said Gainor.
“The media did not want to call out political violence when it was done against Republicans during the campaign,” Gainor said, adding, “whether it's riots in cities or the Black Lives Matter event in Minnesota that led to 21 police being injured, one with a fractured spine. Did that make national news? No, because it didn't fit the narrative.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
Junior Python Developer
Junior Python Developers! This is an opportunity for you to learn so much, you can become an Intermediate Developer in a years' time! All you need is a Tertiary Software Development Degree, Python and Linux scripting experience. Come on, there is a reason you are reading job ads, send me your CV. Qualification:Tertiary IT related qualification is essential (preferably in Software Development) Skills & Experience: Minimum 1-year experience with development and strong Linux scripting skillsYou will be exposed to Python, Git, Django, SQL, Linux and HTML to name a few Job Description:Research, development and implementation of software and infrastructure solutions for wholesale and retail logistics management and point of sale. Strong focus on open-source, CentOS / RedHat as a production environment and use of Python as a Programming language of choice. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ARETHE PRINSLOO on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027270.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Isabelle and Andrea Wheeler have been running past the opposition for the Ocean Springs track team in long distance races. They have a special bond that has produced many victories.
A previously unknown ring of Russian-speaking hackers has stolen as much as $10 million from U.S. and Russian banks in the last 18 months, according to a Moscow-based cyber-security firm that runs the largest computer forensics laboratory in eastern Europe.
The MoneyTaker group broke into 20 systems, which includes 15 U.S. lenders, targeting ATMs with "mules" and Russia's interbank money-transfer system, Group-IB said in a report provided to Bloomberg.
The hackers, who also breached a U.K. software and service provider, are now probing institutions in Latin America and may be trying to compromise the Swift international bank messaging service, according to the privately held security firm, whose clients range from Russia's biggest lender Sberbank to Raiffeisen Bank International. Group-IB last month signed an agreement with Interpol to share data on threat intelligence and the latest cyber-criminal activities.
"Criminals have changed tactics and are now focusing on banks rather than their clients, as was standard operating procedure in the past," Dmitry Volkov, the head of Group-IB's cyber intelligence department, said by phone.
Russia, considered a hotbed of government-backed information attacks, increasingly finds itself a victim of cybercrime. It was initially blamed for the Badrabbit ransomware virus that spread to more than 200 targets globally, even though some of the biggest disruptions affected Russian businesses.
Since its first successful breach in May 2016, MoneyTaker has stolen from banks in New York, California, Utah and Moscow, primarily targeting smaller institutions with limited cyber defenses, Group-IB found. The average haul from U.S. banks was about $500,000, and it stole over $3 million from three Russian lenders.
"They understand that banks -- especially community banks with limited resources -- are the easiest marks," Volkov said.
The cell remained undetected by using so-called fileless malware that only exists on a computer's temporary memory and destroys itself when the system reboots, meaning it's not permanently stored and therefore can more easily evade anti-virus programs, according to Group-IB. At one bank, the hackers gained access to the network via the home computer of the lender's system administrator.
The attackers further covered their tracks with encryption certificates generated using brand names such as Bank of America, Microsoft and the Federal Reserve, according to Group-IB, which previously uncovered Russian-speaking hacker cells behind the Corkow Trojan and Buhtrap.
Microsoft and the Fed couldn't be reached for comment outside of working hours. Swift and Bank of America didn't immediately respond to requests from Bloomberg.
March 31 Melco International Development Ltd
* Board has recommended payment of a special final dividend of HK2.0 cents per share
* Profit attributable to owners of company was HK$10.4 billion for year ended 31 December 2016 compared to HK$0.1 billion
* FY net revenue was HK$23.9 billion for the year ended 31 december 2016 versus HK$0.4 billion Source text: (bit.ly/2nGYk1w) Further company coverage:
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): Amidst protests staged by Jawahar Lal Nehru (JNU) students against a professor accused of sexually harassing multiple students, clashes broke out between police officials and the students in front of Vasant Kunj Police Station where the students were agitating.
"Matter is being dealt according to law. Notice has been issued and they (JNU professor accused of sexual harassment) has been called tomorrow to join the investigation," said Milind Dumbere, Deputy Commissioner of Police, South West Delhi.
At least nine women now have filed FIRs against Professor Atul Johri from the School of Life Sciences, accusing them of sexual harassment. The students have deemed the suspension of the professor as important, because they continue to hold several academic and administrative posts and also that there is a possibility of their interference with the investigation yet to be conducted against him. (ANI)
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Members of a local robotics team hope to inspire others to get involved with science, technology, engineering and math.
Scroll for more content...
Members of local team Area 5188 led the "I Love Robots" event at the Terre Haute Children's Museum Friday evening. The team is made up of high schoolers from across Vigo County.
Each year the team works to design and build a robot for competition. The team can spend up to five thousand dollars on the robot, according to a coach, so they do accept donations. They say other high school students are welcome to join.
Reports are emerging this afternoon that a young child and a young man have been shot in west Dublin.
Gardai say they're at the scene of an "incident."
It's understood two young people may have been injured after shots were fired.
Officers are currently investigating the reports in the Parlickstown area of Blanchardstown.
It's believed the injuries are not life threatening.
(Adds details)
April 28 Imperial Oil Ltd, Canada's No.2 integrated oil company, reported a quarterly profit on Friday, compared with a year-ago loss, helped by higher global crude prices and a C$151 million gain from the sale of a property.
Imperial, like other oil producers, gained from a 55 percent jump in global crude prices in the quarter, as an OPEC-led production cut and a rebound in demand slowly erode a global glut.
But the company's production fell in the latest quarter.
Imperial's gross output averaged 378,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in the first quarter, lower than the 421,000 boepd the company produced a year earlier. The Calgary-based company, which is 69.6 percent owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, said net income was C$333 million ($244 million), or 39 Canadian cents per share, in the quarter, compared with a loss of C$101 million, or 12 Canadian cents, a year earlier.
Total revenue jumped 37 percent to C$7.16 billion, while the company's total expenses rose 25.4 percent to C$6.74 billion.
Analysts had expected a profit of 40 Canadian cents per share and revenue of C$8.14 billion. ($1 = 1.3638 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru and Nia Williams in Calgary; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
Telling the boss to “take this job and shove it” is the hot workplace trend.
Workers have regained their nerve and workplace muscle as quitting a job in Western states — and nationally — has soared well above the pre-recession years. It's happening as bosses struggle to fill growing numbers of job openings and are forced to up pay to attract and retain staff.
My trusty spreadsheet looked at government jobs data tracking why people changed employers. Here's what first-quarter data tells us …
Resignations are the new black: In 13 Western states, 2.3 million people voluntary left their jobs in the year's first three months.
That's up 6.9 percent in a year — and a 106 percent surge since the recessionary era of 2010. It's also a quitting pace 7 percent faster than the pre-recession high.
We see similar patterns nationally: 9.75 million quits, up 4.4 percent in a year and up 87.9 percent since 2010 — the most quits since 2000.
Bosses are desperate for help: Openings at employers in Western states averaged 1.47 million in 2018's first three months — up 21 percent in a year and up 123 percent since 2010.
“Help wanted” in the West runs 22 percent higher than the pre-recession best.
Nationally, workers could choose from an average 6.29 million openings, up 13 percent in a year and up 139 percent since 2010. Or look at it this way: There are 1.41 million more U.S. job opportunities now than the pre-recession peak.
Fewer jobless to hire: Western unemployment averaged 4.3 percent in the first quarter. That's down from 4.7 percent in the region a year ago and 11 percent eight years ago. Nationally, unemployment started 2018 at 4.1 percent vs. 4.7 percent a year ago and 9.8 percent eight years ago.
Pay is rising: At least according to the government's employment cost index, which includes salaries plus benefits.
Total compensation in 13 Western states was up 3.6 percent in a year compared with an average 2.2 percent in the previous seven years. Nationally, bosses upped compensation 2.7 percent in the past year vs. 2.2 percent a year since 2010.
Quitting pays: The nationwide gap between salary increases for workers who stay with an employer and what's paid to new workers is at an 18-year high.
According to data from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, wages for “job stayers” rose at a 2.5 percent annual pace in the first quarter. Those who switched jobs within an industry saw pay rise by 4.1 percent.
That's the biggest stay-or-go gap for U.S. workers since 2000's third quarter.
DID YOU SEE?
California ranked as nation's 5th fastest-growing economy
Southern California pay hits record highs as workers get more hours
California's record low unemployment is far from perfect
Southern California homeownership on the rise, but still lags nation
California critic's ultimate critique: They moved to Pennsylvania!
Southern California auto sales drop! Dip from peak or warning signal?
Queens of the Stone Age rocker Josh Homme admits they were "a total d —k" for kicking a photographer in the face during their Los Angeles gig Saturday night.
Homme on Sunday tried making amends to Chelsea Lauren, the woman who came face-to-face with their boot during the KROQ Almost Christmas concert.
"I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did. I was a total d —k and I'm truly sorry and I hope you're OK," Homme said in an Instagram post Sunday night.
"I made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night is definitely one of them," they added.
Homme said in an earlier apology they were "lost in performance" while kicking lighting and music equipment on stage. They failed to notice Lauren had been hurt after they kicked their camera, which bounced back in their face.
The wounded photog told Variety they saw Homme coming but was shooting in another direction.
"The next thing I know their foot connects with my camera and my camera connects with my face, really hard. They looked straight at me, swung their leg back pretty hard and full-blown kicked me in the face," Lauren said.
Lauren shared video of the kick to Instagram, with a caption.
"Thanks to @joshhomme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!?" they wrote.
Homme can be seen jamming and walking across the stage before they pass Lauren, pauses briefly, then extends their leg directly into their camera before carrying on with their riff.
A Canadian flag waves beside McDonald's fast food restaurant in Toronto, May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Mark Blinch
McDonald's Corp's (MCD.N) Canadian unit said on Friday personal information of about 95,000 restaurant job applicants was compromised in a cyberattack on its careers website.
The information included names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and employment backgrounds of candidates who applied online for jobs at McDonald's Canada restaurants between March 2014 and March 2017.
The careers website was shut down after McDonald's learned of the attack, and will remain closed until an ongoing investigation is complete, the unit said.
The company said it currently had no evidence that the information taken had been misused.
McDonald's Canada said its job application forms do not ask for sensitive personal information such as social insurance numbers, banking or health information.
McDonald's said earlier this month its official Twitter handle was compromised after a tweet sent from the account slammed U.S. President Donald Trump.
(Reporting by Vishaka George and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Polls were open Saturday for voters to select between two candidates to fill an un-expired term for an East Texas city council position.
The vote is taking place at Longview's Broughton recreation center to fill the District 3 city council position vacated by Kasha Williams.
Wray Wade and Lonnie Murphy are running against each other for the unexpired third term.
Special elections traditionally don't receive big voter turnout, but some who live in the district say every voting opportunity is important.
Kasha Williams is running for a 'county commissioner' position and is set to step down from the council after the special election.
Early voting concluded this past Tuesday.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved
× Body found in James River
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. — A body was discovered in the James River near 895 in Henrico County on Monday afternoon, according to law enforcement.
The discovery came after police received reports of a person threatening to jump from bridge.
Virginia State Police and Henrico Police are on scene investigating the incident.
An update will be provided shortly.
This is a developing story.
Witnesses can submit news tips or photos here.
UNITED NATIONS Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the U.N. Security Council on Friday that they are alarmed by the risk of military escalation on the Korean Peninsula.
"The absence of communication channels with the DPRK (North Korea) is dangerous," they told the 15-member council. "We need to avoid miscalculation and misunderstanding. We need to act now to prevent conflict and achieve sustainable peace."
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols and Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
DARKE COUNTY – Versailles seniors Justin Ahrens and Kami McEldowney were named the District 9 Division III basketball players of the year by the Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association.
Justin Ahrens was named the Division III boys basketball player of the year. The senior averaged 25.3 points per game, 8.1 rebounds per game and 3.8 assists per game.
Kami McEldowney was named the Division III girls basketball player of the year. The senior averaged 13.1 points per game, 2.1 rebounds per game and 4.3 assists per game.
Other boys and girls basketball players from throughout Darke County also made the all-district teams.
Greenville's Marcus Wood made the all-district team in Division II boys basketball.
Arcanum's Carter Gray, Versailles' AJ Ahrens and Versailles' Justin Ahrens made the Division III boys basketball all-district team.
Ansonia's Hunter Muir, Ansonia's Devyn Sink, Franklin Monroe's Ethan Conley, Mississinawa Valley's Ethan Bowman and Tri-Village's Jared Buckley made the all-district team in Division IV boys basketball.
Greenville's Morgan Gilbert and Greenville's Haleigh Mayo made the Division II girls basketball all-district team.
Versailles' Kami McEldowney and Versailles' Danielle Winner made the all-district team in Division III girls basketball.
Franklin Monroe's Audrey Cable, Franklin Monroe's Corina Conley, Tri-Village's Maddie Downing and Tri-Village's Lissa Siler made the Division IV girls basketball all-district team.
District 9 coaches all-stars
Boys
Division I
Andre Gordon, Sidney
Ratez Roberts, Sidney
Samari Curtis, Xenia
Ben Schmiesing, Piqua
Zach Reichelderfer, Troy
Clay Mastin, Tecumseh
Kort Justice, Butler
Jabari Perkins, Northmont
Raheim Moss, Springfield
Leonard Taylor, Springfield
Player of the year: Andre Gordon, Sidney
Coach of the year: DJ Wyrick, Vandalia Butler
Division II
Levi Boettcher, Urbana
Jace Underwood, Urbana
Marcus Wood, Greenville
Jameel Cosby, Kenton Ridge
Nasiim McKay, Kenton Ridge
Spencer George, Bellefontaine
Jack Clement, Bellefontaine
Caiden Smith, Tippecanoe
Aaron Schack, Shawnee
Jalen Minney, Northwestern
Brevan King, Graham
Player of the year: Jameel Cosby, Kenton Ridge
Coach of the year: Kris Spriggs, Kenton Ridge
Division III
Justin Ahrens, Versailles
Mason Schneider, Greeneview
James Anderson, Troy Christian
Wyatt Bensman, Anna
Caleb South, Bethel
Ryan Rose, Bethel
Collin Coburn, Indian Lake
Carter Gray, Arcanum
AJ Ahrens, Versailles
Griffin Doseck, Anna
Player of the year: Justin Ahrens, Versailles
Coach of the year: Nate Barhorst, Anna
Division IV
Ethan Conley, Franklin Monroe
Hunter Muir, Ansonia
Jack Dapore, Russia
Colby Cross, Cedarville
Dillon Braun, Fort Loramie
Tyler Siegel, Fort Loramie
Evan Berning, Fort Loramie
Sabian Doolittle, Catholic Central
Bryce Sosby, Jackson Center
Hadley LeVann, Triad
Ethan Bowman, Mississinawa Valley
Drew Brautigam, Fairlawn
Charlie Bertemes, Southeastern
Adonis Davis, Emmanuel Christian
Jared Buckley, Tri-Village
Devin Sink, Ansonia
Kameron Lee, Lehman
Briley Harlan, Triad
Daniel Kearns, Russia
Trey Dunn, Catholic Central
Chris Taylor, Mechanicsburg
Player of the year: Dillon Braun, Fort Loramie
Coach of the year: Cory Britton, Fort Loramie
Girls
Division I
Lily Stewart, Piqua
Shayla Heath, Northmont
Makayla Cooper, Northmont
Alina Kindle, Sidney
Mickayla Perdue, Springfield
Willow Knight, Butler
Abbie Schoenherr, Butler
Tyree Fletcher, Butler
Trinity Morton-Nooks, Xenia
Alaura Holycross, Troy
Corinne Thomas, Tecumseh
Presley Griffitts, Tecumseh
Player of the year: Corinne Thomas, Tecumseh
Coach of the year: Molly Bardonaro, Butler
Division II
Maddie Frederick, Tippecanoe
Allison Mader, Tippecanoe
Cali Stewart, Tippecanoe
Mikala Morris, Kenton Ridge
Desiree Jones, Kenton Ridge
Brooke Johannes, Graham
Olivia Potts, Shawnee
Andi Meeks, Shawnee
Morgan Gilbert, Greenville
Haleigh Mayo, Greenville
Rachel White, Northwestern
Player of the year: Maddie Frederick, Tippecanoe
Coach of the year: Blake Garberich, Shawnee
Division III
Kami McEldowney, Versailles
Danielle Winner, Versailles
Reagan Ware, Greenon
Frankie Fife, Greeneview
Faith Strickle, Greeneview
Morgan Haney, Miami East
Kelsey Day, West Liberty Salem
Hayley Suchland, Northeastern
Nikki Current, Northeastern
Kristin Dickison, Milton Union
Macey Huelskamp, Anna
Player of the year: Kami McEldowney, Versailles
Coach of the year: Tim Hoelle, Greeneview
Division IV
Kenley Blake, Troy Christian
Olivia Clark, Jackson Center
Jennica Monnier, Houston
Maddie Downing, Tri-Village
Lissa Siler, Tri-Village
Samantha Whiteman, Covington
Laurissa Poling, Russia
Jenna Cordonnier, Russia
Tatum McBride, Newton
Marissa Meiring, Fort Loramie
Abby Holthaus, Fort Loramie
Kasey Schipfer, Mechanicsburg
Ise Bolender, Cedarville
Maggie Coe, Cedarville
Sarah Bergman, Botkins
Paige Lane, Botkins
Emma Vanninen, Triad
Marissa Davis, Riverside
Corina Conley, Franklin Monroe
Audrey Cable, Franklin Monroe
Player of the year: Samantha Whiteman, Covington
Coach of the year: Carla Siegel, Fort Loramie
Versailles senior Justin Ahrens was named the District 9 Division III boys basketball player of the year by the Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Justin-Ahrens-WEB-2.jpg Versailles senior Justin Ahrens was named the District 9 Division III boys basketball player of the year by the Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association. Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate Versailles senior Kami McEldowney was named the District 9 Division III girls basketball player of the year by the Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Kami-McEldowney-WEB-3.jpg Versailles senior Kami McEldowney was named the District 9 Division III girls basketball player of the year by the Ohio High School Basketball Coaches Association. Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
FILE PHOTO: Germaine Mason of Britain celebrates after finishing second in the men's high jump athletics final during the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games at the National Stadium August 19, 2008. REUTERS/Gary Hershorn/File Photo
KINGSTON High jump star Germaine Mason died in a motorbike crash outside Jamaica's capital early on Thursday, police said, an announcement that prompted tributes to the British Olympic silver medallist from across the world of athletics.
School friend and sprint medallist Michael Frater told Reuters they went to the scene after hearing about the accident, and waited there until an ambulance arrived.
“I'm just devastated at the news, they were a friend from high school days ... still can't believe this,” said Frater, who once shared an apartment with Jamaican-born Mason in Kingston.
Mason was driving a motorbike on the main road connecting Kingston with Jamaica's international airport at around 4.20 a.m. (0920 GMT), police said.
"He allegedly lost control and fell from the motorcycle. The police were summoned and Mason was taken to hospital where they were pronounced dead,” the Jamaica Constabulary Force added in a statement.
Mason died aged 34, still holding the 2.34-metre Jamaican high jump record they set in 2003. They started competing for Britain in 2006 and won silver medal in the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
“Devastated by news of the death of @GermaineMasonHJ 2008 Beijing Olympics Silver Medal winner High Jump 2.34m.Jamaican record holder. RIP,” tweeted @MVPTrackClub, headed by Stephen Francis who coached him.
British sprinter James Ellington, who survived a motorcycle crash in Spain in January, tweeted “Can't believe the news I have just heard about Germaine Mason."
Reunited and it feels so good!
Nearly a month after posting a heartfelt goodbye message to their boyfriend Chandler Powell who returned to the United States in early December, Bindi Irwin and and their beau were able to reunite for the new year.
The couple, who first met in November 2013 while they were visiting the Australia zoo and have been dating long-distance since then, rang in 2017 together in Tasmania.
“I missed you,” Irwin, 18, captioned a photo of the couple. “Wonderful to be back @AustraliaZoo after celebrating New Years in gorgeous Tasmania together. Ready for lots of fun these Australian School Holidays doing shows at #AustraliaZoo.”
I missed you❤️ Wonderful to be back @AustraliaZoo after celebrating New Years in gorgeous Tasmania together. Ready for lots of fun these Australian School Holidays doing shows at #AustraliaZoo 🐊🌿 A photo posted by Bindi Irwin (@bindisueirwin) on Jan 1, 2017 at 10:45pm PST
Powell, 20, also shared an adorable Instagram post in tribute to their girlfriend. “2016 will be one I remember for the rest of my life. Thank you for making it so incredible. I can't wait to make 2017 even more memorable with you,” the professional wakeboarder, who is currently a college student in Florida, captioned a photo of the couple cuddling up.
2016 will be one I remember for the rest of my life. Thank you for making it so incredible. I can't wait to make 2017 even more memorable with you❤️ @bindisueirwin 📸: @robertirwinphotography A photo posted by Chandler Powell (@chandlerpowell) on Dec 31, 2016 at 3:51am PST
But for those wondering if Irwin and their boyfriend will be tying the knot anytime soon, the Dancing with the Stars champion isn't quite ready to walk down the aisle.
“I don't think I'm at a point in my life where marriage and getting engaged is really a huge priority right now for me,” Irwin told Entertainment Tonight in July. “Maybe in five years, but right now I'm really happy with where I'm at.”
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) is set to unveil a plan that would give American workers who want or need jobs guaranteed government jobs that pay at least $15 per hour and have health benefits.
The progressive Vermont senator's guaranteed jobs plan would entitle any American a job or job training in U.S.-funded projects in infrastructure, the environment, caregiving, and education, but they did not provide a cost-estimate or plan to fund the proposal, the Washington Post reported.
A representative from Sanders' office said no funding estimate was available for the project because staffers were still crafting the proposal.
Two other potential 2020 presidential candidates—Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) and Sen. Kristen Gillibrand (D-NY)—have expressed interest in crafting similar proposals.
“The goal is to eliminate working poverty and involuntary unemployment altogether,” said Darrick Hamilton, an economist at The New School who expressed support for a guaranteed jobs program. “This is an opportunity for something transformative, beyond the tinkering we've been doing for the last 40 years, where all the productivity gains have gone to the elite of society.”
Critics of the plan have said guaranteed jobs proposals would not be sustainable or affordable, and would cause massive job losses in the private sector.
Studies have shown that states and cities which choose to enact a $15 per hour minimum wage trigger job losses. A December 2017 study found that once California's minimum wage hike takes effect in 2022, the state would lose 400,000 jobs.
“It completely undercuts a lot of industries and companies,” Brian Riedl, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute who opposes the program, told the Post. “There will be pressure to introduce a higher wage or certain benefits that the private sector doesn't offer.”
The proposal is unlikely to gain favor with Republicans in control of Congress, and even most Democrats have slammed similar plans as unrealistic.
“It would be extremely expensive, and I wonder if this is the best, most targeted use of the amount of money it would cost,” said Ernie Tedeschi, an economist who worked for the Treasury during the Obama administration.
The Vermont senator's proposal comes days after they declared President Trump's agenda “dead” if the Democratic Party wins the majority in the House or Senate.
Lue has been experiencing chest pains that forces them to step back from coaching
Published 9:10 AM, March 20, 2018
LOS ANGELES, USA – Cleveland Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue is to take a break from coaching after health concerns forced them from courtside for the 3rd time this season, the team confirmed on Monday, March 19.
Lue left Saturday's 114-109 victory over the Chicago Bulls at halftime after complaining of feeling unwell. It came just over a month after they left the court during a game against Orlando on February 6.
They also sat out a game against the Bulls in December.
Lue said in a statement on Monday they were stepping back from coaching duties after revealing they had been suffering from mystery chest pains.
"After many conversations with our doctors and (general manager) Koby (Altman) and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season," Lue said.
"I have had chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep, throughout the year. Despite a battery of tests, there have been no conclusions as to what the exact issue is."
ESPN reported that Lue expected to be back in time for the start of the playoffs next month, where the Cavs will be chasing a fourth consecutive appearance in the NBA finals after finishing runners-up last year.
Lue, 40, said they hoped to return rejuvenated after their break.
"My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the Championship we are all working towards," they said.
Cavaliers superstar LeBron James told reporters Monday the team would need to "step up" in Lue's absence.
"It's tough," James said. "It's like losing one of your best players. He's pretty much the captain of our ship. He's run the thing for the last 3 years.
"Everyone has to step up, we have coaches in place that are ready for that challenge and we have to do our job as players as well.
"But (Lue's) health is the most important thing and we look forward to getting them back." – Rappler.com
KING COUNTY, Wash. – A Department of Natural Resources worker searching for a long-rumored “gingerbread treehouse” in the Snoqualmie National Forest found the house – and inside of it a cache of child pornography that led to a man's arrest.
Daniel M. Wood, 56, is facing child pornography charges in King County Superior Court after an FBI investigation tied them to the treehouse and dug up more child pornography in their Mill Creek home, according to court documents.
According to the Seattle Times, a summons was issued for Wood to appear in court March 26, and he's been ordered not to have contact with any minors.
According to court documents:
The DNR employee said he'd heard about the treehouse for years, and tried to find it five different times. Finally, in November 2016, they found what they described “an elaborate treehouse that resembled a fairy or gingerbread house” about 8 feet off the ground. It was built illegally on federal land in the Snoqualmie National Forest.
Screwed to the walls inside the treehouse were framed pictures of young naked girls. There was also an envelope with more pictures of naked and scantily clad underage girls who appeared to be as young as 8.
They reported it to the King County Sheriff's Office and set off an investigation that would eventually involve the FBI.
A search and rescue volunteer who knew the area well told investigators that they had come across they cabin several times, and that he'd seen a Toyota FJ Cruiser parked nearby. They had the license-plate number for the Toyota, and investigators tracked that to Wood's house.
Investigators gathered DNA evidence from a motorcycle parked outside Wood's house and from a cup they saw them drinking from, and matched that to DNA found inside the treehouse.
That led them to getting a search warrant for Wood's house. Investigators searching their house found an SD card that “contained thousands of images of child erotica and child pornography,” according to court documents.
Among the images on the card were photos of two young nude girls inside the treehouse, investigators said.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Prime Minister's 'Exam Warriors', a book that they penned to reach out to the students across the country ahead of their exams, will be launched here on Saturday.
The book will be released by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, in the presence of Prime Minister Modi.
The book has been written to inspire youths to face the difficult moments of examinations and life, with fresh and new energy.
In their monthly radio talk - 'Mann Ki Baat', Mr Modi had requested students to celebrate examinations like festivals to reduce stress.
'Exam Warriors' is published by Penguin India, which runs into 208 pages. Penguin India tweeted a teaser of the book cover and wrote alongside, "Non-preachy, practical and thought-provoking, Exam Warriors by @narendramodi is a handy guide for students in India and across the world. #CoverReveal #TheCountdownBegins".(ANI)
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
James T. Hodgkinson, the Illinois man identified as the would-be killer who wounded several at a practice session of the Congressional Republican baseball team, had a history of violence, supporting progressive causes, and voting for Democrats at least as far back as the year 2002.
According to the Belleville News-Democrat, a paper from the St. Louis area community in which Hodgkinson lived, the shooter has been identified with particularly progressive and liberal causes. They even worked as a volunteer on the presidential campaign of self-professed socialist Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. The suspect's Twitter feed is also filled with tweets on liberal politics.
The paper reported that Hodgkinson belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
The shooter's Facebook page was also linked to a long list of far left-wing groups and pages, including, “Expose Republican Fraud,” “Liberal Democratic Socialist Party,” “Boycott The Republican Party,” “I Hate Donald Trump,” “Healthcare & Education Berners United to Resist Trump,” among others.
The now deceased shooter also noted on their Facebook page that MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show was one of their “favorite TV shows.”
Facebook has since deleted the dead suspect's account.
This afternoon, Sen Sanders responded to the fact that the shooter was a member of their own campaign by denouncing the shooting in no uncertain terms.
Bernie Sanders has released a statement about the shooting/shooter. pic.twitter.com/2PSNaKYg6f — Tamara Keith (@tamarakeithNPR) June 14, 2017
But Hodgkinson had been exhibiting stronger liberal views over the last year. Only a few days ago, Hodgkinson posted an attack against Trump on Facebook, saying, “I Want to Say Mr. President, for being an [expletive] you are Truly the Biggest [expletive] We Have Ever Had in the Oval Office.”
The Belleville News-Democrat also reported, “In 2012, Hodgkinson took part in a protest outside the downtown Belleville post office. They said they were part of a “99%” team drawing attention to the amount of money and political power the top 1 percent of Americans acquired.”
Additionally, the suspect recently donated a small amount to the far left activist group ACTBLUE.
Suspect identified as the shooter during a baseball practice w/ GOP members of congress contributed $18 between 2015-16 to Dem group ACTBLUE pic.twitter.com/yQzJvUJGlq — Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) June 14, 2017
Hodgkinson voted Democrat in the 2016 Democratic primary, was described as a “union tradesman,” and was a licensed home inspector.
The shooter also has a history of altercations with the police. According to court records, Hodgkinson was charged with battery and damage to a motor vehicle in April 2006 in St. Clair County, Illinois. Ultimately, the charges were dismissed.
The suspect also recently came to the attention of the St. Clair County Sheriff's office when shots were heard being fired in a local patch of trees. Police found Hodgkinson with a rifle but let them go after finding they had a valid firearm owner's card (FOID), a requirement for gun owners in Illinois.
According to Rep. Mike Bost, the Illinois Republican who represents the southern Illinois 12th District in which Hodgkinson lived, the suspect was “always angry” and repeatedly called the officers to complain, the Washington Post reported.
“Every issue that we were working on, they were not in support of,” Bost said, saying the communications were of a left-wing slant but were never delivered “with any threats, only anger.”
Illinois Congressman Peter Roskam denounced the shooting.
“I am deeply saddened by the shooting this morning in Alexandria, Virginia. Elizabeth and I are praying for Rep. Steve Scalise, the Capitol Police, and all those involved,” Roskam, a Republican, told Breitbart via email. “I wish those harmed a speedy recovery and commend the bravery demonstrated by the Capitol Police and those who tended to the injured. We are fortunate to live among the brave men and women in uniform who serve to keep us safe each and every day.”
Congressman Bost also slammed the left's “political rhetoric” that caused the shooter's mental breakdown.
“With reports indicating that Wednesday morning's shooter is from my district, this is a tragedy that certainly hits close to home. As we continue to gather information, Tracy and I would like to send our prayers to my friend and colleague, Steve Scalise, as well as members of the security detail and congressional staff who were injured,” Bost said in a statement. “We live in challenging times, and the political rhetoric has been turned up to an alarming level. This should serve as a wake-up call for all of us to step back from the battle lines and come together to strengthen our nation.”
The Illinois GOP did not respond to a request for a statement on the matter.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the Sunda Strait April 15, 2017. Picture taken April 15, 2017. U.S. Navy Photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Handout via REUTERS
The U.S. aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson transits the Sunda Strait, Indonesia on April 15, 2017. Sean M. Castellano/Courtesy U.S. Navy/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's administration on Wednesday denied being misleading about a U.S. carrier strike group's push toward the Korean peninsula, saying it never gave an arrival date and that the ships were still on their way.
When Trump boasted early last week that they had sent an "armada" as a warning to North Korea, the USS Carl Vinson strike group was still far from the Korean peninsula, and headed in the opposite direction.
The U.S. military's Pacific Command explained on Tuesday that the strike group first had to complete a shorter-than-initially planned period of training with Australia but was now heading toward the Western Pacific.
"The president said that we have an armada going towards the peninsula. That's a fact. It happened. It is happening, rather," said White House spokesperson Sean Spicer.
They referred further queries about the deployment timetable to the Pentagon.
The U.S. military initially said in a statement dated April 10 that Admiral Harry Harris, the commander of Pacific Command, directed the Vinson strike group "to sail north and report on station in the Western Pacific."
But the strike group first headed elsewhere, On April 15, the U.S. Navy even published a photo showing the Vinson transiting the Sunda Strait on its way to drills with Australia. here
Reuters and other news outlets reported on April 11 that the movement would take more than a week. But the Navy, for security reasons, says it does not report future operational locations of its ships.
Defence Secretary Jim Mattis looked to address confusion over the issue on Wednesday, telling reporters travelling with them in the Middle East that the alteration in the Vinson's schedule had been disclosed in the interest of transparency.
"We are doing exactly what we said we were going to do. They will be on their way," they said.
The strike group's commander, Rear Admiral Jim Kilby, said in a Facebook post this week that the deployment had even been extended 30 days "to provide a persistent presence in the waters off the Korean Peninsula."
A Trump administration official told Reuters on Tuesday that Washington was concerned about the possibility of some kind of North Korean provocation around the time of the South Korean election on May 9.
"There is precedent going back to the 1990s and early 2000s where there are provocations timed to South Korean political events," they said.
(This version of the story has been refiled to correct spelling of Kilby in paragraph 11)
(Additional reporting by Idrees Ali in Riyadh, and David Brunnstrom and Matt Spetalnick in Washington; Writing by Phil Stewart; Editing by Peter Cooney)
MASBATE CITY: The Philippines will showcase the unique Rodeo Festival before the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) Summit in December to promote the country's livestock industry and tourism in the island province, Tourism Secretary Wanda Corazon Teo told The Manila Times recently.
Teo, who attended the opening of 34th Rodeo Festival in Masbate, expressed admiration for the action-packed festival that showcases the way of life of the local cowhands here.
“The Rodeo Festival is fantastic and a unique event in the country compared to other festivals. This is something different that could only be seen in the United States but not in Asia. So we will work to showcase the Rodeo Festival to the Asean leaders,” they said.
Teo added that they will ask airline companies, specifically Philippine Airlines, to add more flights to Masbate and lower their airfare to attract more tourists to come to the island province.
The Philippines is hosting the 50th Anniversary of Asean this year wherein all heads of state, foreign ministers and senior officials from the 10 member-states of Asean will be visiting the country.
Maria Nini-Ravanilla, Bicol tourism regional director, said Rodeo Masbateño Festival is the only rodeo event in the entire Asia.
“Rodeo Masbateño is the most unique festival in the country as locals portray the way of life of the local cowboys and compete in Western activities like bull riding and steed wrestling where men and women dress up in cowboy outfits to perform. It honors the way of life of the cowhands or farmworkers here while highlighting the best of Masbateño culture,” they noted.
Rodeo Masbateño and Peñafrancia Festival are the only national festivals of Bicol.
“From 2010 to date, the number of tourists isincreasing tremendously as the Rodeo Festival effectively boosts the tourism and livestock industry here and promotes economic growth,” Ravanilla said.
Gov. Antonio Kho also told The Manila Times that Masbate is the country's number one cattle producer and the Rodeo Festival opens the window for economic growth and tourism in the Bicol Region.
“As a matter of fact, a roll-on-roll-off [Roro] port opened in the municipality of Mandaon that will connect Roxas City [Capiz] to Caticlan in Boraray and vice versa,” they said.
Masbate Mayor Rowena Tuazon said for the last 24 years, Rodeo Masbateño has been the showcase of the province's identity.
They added that Masbate is blessed with vast pasture land and a robust cattle industry.
“In fact, we have enshrined Masbate as the home of Philippine Rodeo. Since the staging of this festival, it has been our locality's show window not only for its cattle industry but for the tourism industry as well, which is now gaining the upper hand with Masbate as one of the premier tourism destinations in the country,” Tuazon said.
The Rodeo Festival was organized in 1993 by local ranchers and business people, in a bid to put the province of Masbate on the map of Philippine tourism, said Judge Manuel Sese, Rodeo Masbateño Inc. (RMI) president and Rodeo Masbateño overall chairperson for five consecutive years.
On September 2, 2002, then-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declared the island province as the Rodeo Capital of the Philippines.
TORONTO — For most of their five seasons in Toronto, we waited for Terrence Ross to become something other than disappointing, confounding and overpaid.
It finally happened on Tuesday.
They became trade bait.
They became the significant piece on another day to shine for Masai Ujiri, the executive who quieted the noise, turned down the volume, and brought a sense of internal peace and external joy to a Raptors team desperately in need of alterations.
That's what leadership is in professional sport and that's what leadership does: Rather silently and without buildup, Ujiri brought the much-coveted Serge Ibaka to the Raptors. A player they have viewed from afar with envy for many years. They have known Ibaka as friend, as fellow African, as part of the basketball community at large.
Now they will know them in a much more intimate way, as teammate of sorts, as Raptors player, as someone who can come in and shake the Raptors' foundation at a time when shaking is needed. A real starting power forward.
Not a bench guy. Not Luis Scola. Not Amir Johnson. Not like anything Dwane Casey has had in their coaching arsenal before in Toronto.
He's the kind of player who understands winning, who is playoff-tested and playoff-ready, who has a clear comprehension of what April, May and June is all about in the NBA. They should make life easier for Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. He's a high-percentage shooter. A quick defender. A large presence at 6-foot-10, although not quite the shot blocker they were in their early years.
“I've known this guy for years,” said Ujiri. “He's a hell of a competitor. Everybody knows who Serge is, he's a warrior. They give us good rim protection, he's a good defender. They can play multiple positions.”
Ibaka led the NBA four times in blocked shots and was on the all-defensive team three times. They should also make life easier for Jonas Valanciunas and Patrick Patterson — one has slightly regressed in this up-and-down season and the other will return now to where they belong, coming off the bench instead of starting.
This would be a home run of sorts for Ujiri and the Raptors except for the unknown aspects of the deal, and that includes exactly where Andy Miller, the player agent, fits in. The NBA is nothing if not an agent's league. Miller represents the pending free agent, Ibaka, and the pending free agent, Lowry.
Suddenly, they become a figure of significance about the Raptors' future. If Ujiri and their general manager, Jeff Weltman, have the most influence on what the Raptors do in the future, Miller's influence cannot be understated here. They can go shopping with Lowry and Ibaka this summer or they can settle in for a long ride with Lowry and Ibaka playing alongside DeRozan and Valanciunas.
That's the scenario Ujiri and Casey favour. Casey is always talking about how veteran teams win in the NBA. Teams that stay together. Teams with texture and experience.
This could be one of those teams.
Ujiri doesn't deal often or without purpose. The Rudy Gay and Andrea Bargnani trades, seemingly impossible to make, proved to be big wins for the Raptors. They turned around and traded the pretty much finished John Salmons for Lucas Nogueiro and Lou Williams.
Even the small trades have produced victories. Greivis Vasquez was sent to Milwaukee for Norm Powell and a first-round pick. Vasquez is basically done as an NBA player; Powell, who should benefit from the trading of Ross, is just beginning to show their capabilities.
And now this deal on Tuesday for Ibaka, which makes the Raptors' starting lineup the strongest it has ever been with a bench still capable and the assumption that one of these weeks Jared Sullinger will be able to contribute something.
Before Tuesday night's game in Chicago, the Raptors had won four of 14 games. “We've had a bad stretch,” said Ujiri. “We never know how (the trade) fits on paper. We fill a hole, a gap that we've been missing. Hopefully, this gives us that jump that we need.”
Ibaka comes in and yet I can't forget the night the Raptors drafted Ross. The Raptors really wanted Harrison Barnes that night. Coach Casey was sent out to speak to the media and talk up their first pick as the second round proceeded.
Casey is terrible at not telling the truth. They can't look you in the face and lie with any conviction. It's one of their most endearing qualities. They said they were happy to have Ross. They said so with a crooked smile.
The next four-and-a-half years they spent trying to figure out their vastly talented, wildly athletic, forever inconsistent wingman. This was their best season.
Ross grew up as a basketball player in Toronto. They just didn't grow into whatever kind of the player the Raptors hoped they would become, but they were enough to entice Orlando into moving Ibaka.
Now Casey doesn't have to guess anymore. They know what Serge Ibaka brings. Ibaka's career has almost been a straight statistical line.
Casey has a new part and a brand new starting lineup. They have two months to get ready for playoffs. Two months to figure this team out.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
After a 14-month absence from the tennis tournament scene following the birth of their daughter, Serena Williams made their comeback to the court on Tuesday at the French Open in the most G.O.A.T.-worthy way. They won their first Grand Slam match against the Czech Republic's Kristyna Pliskova in a 7-6, 6-4 first-round victory and did so in a “warrior” catsuit that had a very powerful message.
“I feel like a warrior in it, like a warrior princess kind of, (a) queen from Wakanda,” Williams said of their Nike spandex look, referencing the powerful wardrobing in Black Panther. “I'm always living in a fantasy world. I always wanted to be a superhero, and it's kind of my way of being a superhero. I feel like a superhero when I wear it.”
And it they not only was a superhero in their playing, but in their attitude too. “It feels like this suit represents all the women that have been through a lot mentally, physically, with their body to come back and have confidence and to believe in themselves.”
They wrote on Instagram that they dedicated their match to all other moms who experienced complicated pregnancies. “For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy—here you go. If I can do it, so can you. Love you all!!”
Jean Catuffe/Getty Images
During the birth of daughter Alexis Olympia, Williams had to have an emergency C-section, suffered from multiple blood clots afterward and was bedridden for six weeks as part of their recovery.
Fans on Twitter went wild over the powerful message behind their sleek catsuit.
Following their return to grand slam tennis after having their baby girl, Serena Williams wears a full, skintight bodysuit & braids in their first match at the French Open. You can't tell me they ain't the GOAT #RG18 pic.twitter.com/YjJmEkcjz6 — Troy (@Troy_Official) May 29, 2018
And fans even channeled the star with their own recreation of the catsuit on Wednesday.
Them comeback win after giving birth is even more impressive considering their ranking in the tournament. They were ranked no. 453 which left the three-time French Open champion to play against the highest ranked players early in the tournament.
Almost 31,000 pounds of illegal fireworks were confiscated and 121 citations totaling $151,250 in fines were written during a weekslong operation conducted by a multi-agency task force led by the San Bernardino County Fire Department.
Anyone attempting to smuggle the fireworks into the county faces a minimum $1,250 fine and a misdemeanor or felony charge, county Fire Marshal Mike Horton said in a news release. The fireworks pose a threat to start wildfires, Horton said.
Fire officials will continue to issue citations for the illegal use, possession, or storage of fireworks, the release said. Property owners may be cited if they allow fireworks to be possessed, stored, or used on their property.
Fireworks that explode, shoot into the air or move along the ground are termed dangerous and are illegal anywhere in California. “Safe and Sane” fireworks have the State Fire Marshal seal on the packaging and are allowed only in the following San Bernardino County cities: Adelanto, Barstow, Chino, Colton, and Rialto, as well as specific locations in Fontana, Grand Terrace and San Bernardino.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
The task force included the Chino Hills, Loma Linda and Rancho Cucamonga fire departments and the San Bernardino County sheriff's bomb squad K-9s.
The San Bernardino County Fire Department encouraged residents to enjoy a public show, a list of which can be found at sbcfire.org. Illegal fireworks may be reported anonymously to We-Tip at 800-472-7766 or on the website at wetip.com.
Meghan Markle is set to attend Pippa Middleton‘s wedding to financier James Matthews as Prince Harry‘s date, PEOPLE has learned.
A source tells PEOPLE that while Markle, 35, will not be on hand for the ceremony at St. Mark's church in Engelfield, England, on May 20, they will be by Harry's side when they attend the evening party after the nuptials. The source adds that protocol prohibits unmarried and un-engaged partners to attend the event, but they are more likely to attend the big bash afterwards, which tends to be less formal.
The fact that they will attend the wedding — even if it's the post-church nighttime bash — is yet another sign that the Suits actor and the prince, 32, are getting more and more serious.
WATCH: Five Things To Know About Pippa Middleton's Wedding
Over the weekend, Harry flew out to Toronto (where Markle films Suits) to spend Easter weekend with their girlfriend — skipping the usual royal Easter tradition of attending services at St. George's chapel at Windsor castle with Queen Elizabeth II. (Princess Kate, Prince William and other senior royals were on hand for the services this Sunday — with Kate showing off their perfect curtsey to the Queen.)
Myka Meier, founder and director of Beaumont Etiquette, tells PEOPLE that while there is no formal “no ring, no bring” rule, it isn't surprising that Markle didn't get an invite to the church wedding as Middleton would likely want to keep their actual wedding small.
“I would not be surprised if Prince Harry was not given a plus one, as the wedding guest list would have most likely been made in fall of last year when Prince Harry's relationship with Meghan was not as public,” Meier said. “I typically recommend if someone is married, engaged, considers themselves to have a serious significant other, or is traveling in for the wedding, they should receive a plus one. Pending how intimate Pippa wants to keep their wedding, they may very well follow the ‘no ring, no bring' rule.”
RELATED VIDEO: Will Meghan Markle Go For Royal Lessons If They Become A Princess?
Middleton's wedding is expected to be a royal affair, with Will and Kate's children Prince George and Princess Charlotte acting as a page boy and a bridesmaid, respectively. Naturally, William, Kate and Harry will also be in attendance.
Hopefully Markle's trip across the pond is a sign that there will be another royal wedding in the not-so-distant future.
HARVEY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities offered an explanation on why they stopped a school bus Thursday in Newton.
On Thursday afternoon, police responded to report of a student with a gun on a school bus in Newton, according to a social media report.
Officers “responded rapidly to ensure the safety of children on board” and stopped the bus in the 300 block of East 1st Street.
As they arrived, officers learned the gun was a toy and immediately began “de-escalating the situation.”
The young student who brought the toy onto the bus was given a ride to the nearby district office where the child's mother could respond to take the child home.
Police reminded that “While this may have been a freighting situation for everyone on board the bus, we take threats to the safety of our community's children seriously and will respond in a rapid and professional manner.”
Police released no additional details. The school did not release information on the incident.
Lady Gaga has cancelled the remaining 10 dates of their European tour because of "severe pain".
The Grammy winner said on their Twitter account that they are devastated at having to pull out from the 10 remaining Joanna World Tour concerts in Europe, including gigs in London and Paris, because of fibromyalgia, the condition they suffer from.
They said they had to put "myself and my well-being" first.
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga wrote.
"All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music."
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care.
Them team said they had "made the tough decision to immediately come off the road".
Concert dates in London, Manchester, Zurich, Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin have been pulled.
Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Denmark will join other European countries banning full-face covering, including Islamic veils such as the niqab or burqa.
Jakob Ellemann-Jensen of Denmark's liberal party that leads a center-right governing coalition says a law proposal was not aimed at any religions or a ban of scarfs, turbans or kippa, the traditional Jewish skull cap.
advertisement
Ellemann-Jensen spoke Friday after a meeting in Parliament.
A large majority of lawmakers, including the opposition Social Democrats — Denmark's largest party— has said it would vote for such a law, popularly known as the “Burqa Ban.” The move is mostly seen as directed at the dress worn by some ultra-conservative Muslim women. Few Muslim women in Denmark wear full-face veils.
No date for a formal vote was announced.
Austria, France and Belgium have similar laws.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring their unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of their hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Dear readers,
Last week, I shared part of a presentation I made at the 10th annual Daily Breeze Successful Aging Expo held at the Torrance Marriott entitled “A New Life Stage; A New Time.” This week I would like to describe several indicators that reflect this new time as we experience an unprecedented increase in life expectancy with increasing numbers of older people.
Lifestyles matter: How we live our lives impacts how we age. We can slow the aging process and improve our level of functioning by engaging in physical exercise and activities, mental and social engagement, good nutrition and having a sense of purpose.
But there is more. Not only are these aspects important on how well we function, they have an impact on how long we live. In a 30-year follow-up study researchers from the Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health revealed some interesting findings. At age 50, life expectancy increased with five lifestyle habits: not smoking, eating a healthy diet, regular exercise, keeping a healthy body weight and moderate alcohol consumption. Women who maintained all five healthy habits gained, on average, 14 years of life and men who did the same gained 12.2 years compared with those who didn't maintain healthy habits.
A new way to work: Two terms that regaining popularity is “encore career,” a career that embraces purpose, passion and sometimes a paycheck – for the greater good. About nine million people between ages 44 and 70 are already in encore careers and another 31 million are interested in having one. For the past 10 years, Encore.org has awarded Purpose Prizes for those 60 and older who have used their talents and experiences to make a profound difference in their communities. AARP now sponsors this program.
An example of a past winner is Catalina Tapia. They came from Mexico at the age of 20 with six dollars in their pocket and a sixth-grade education. After starting their own gardening business, they sent their son to UC Berkeley law school and concluded that more young Latinos should have a similar opportunity. They launched the Bay Area Gardeners' Foundation, a nonprofit organization of area gardeners that provide scholarships to low-income Latinos. Tapia and their fellow gardeners asked their employers and local businesses to donate to the fund. They raised $250,000 in the first two years and awarded grants to 18 students from low-income families who wanted a college education. Recipients pledged 20 hours of community service for each year they receive scholarship funds. Tapia won a $100,000 prize.
Aging in place: Older adults have the opportunity to age in their own homes for as long as possible and to stay connected to their communities by becoming a member of the Village, a non-profit membership organization that does just that. The Village is a geographic area where older adults live. Members can be recipients of services including transportation, home tasks such as changing a light bulb or taking out the trash cans, home visits, shopping and tech support. Although not mandatory, members volunteer to provide such services. Many Villages offer rich social and cultural activities that reflect members' interests. See South Bay Village at http://www.sbvill.org/ and Palos Verdes Peninsula Village at www.peninsulavillage.net/. To find a village near you, see the Village to Village Network at http://www.vtvnetwork.org/ .
Technology: The technology and aging space is considered a $20 billion industry that includes fitness and caregiving programs, web games, smartphones, chronic disease management systems, fall detection and prevention programs, mobility aids and emergency response systems. Many technology advancements enhance opportunities for independence, safety, confidence and dignity. One example is the Liftwarespoon and Liftwarefork designed for those with a hand tremor. A gadget that attaches to a special fork or spoon serves as a stabilizer eliminating a tremor. That means no spilled soup or the drop of a hamburger on your lap.
These are just four examples that indicate we are living in a new time when research and innovative programs and products are responding to an aging population that values choices, giving back, dignity, connection and enjoying life. It's a time of high expectations and aspirations.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - One group is working to feed the hungry in our community.
Scroll for more content...
Terre Haute Catholic Charities held the 8th annual Soup Bowl benefit.
More than 12,000 children in our community go hungry each year.
That's why individuals, businesses, and the arts community came together to raise money to help those in need.
"I think a lot of people in our community don't recognize the fact that there's actually more than 41 thousand people living here in West Central Indiana who are food insecure so they don't know where their next meal is coming from," said Jennifer Buell, development director at Terre Haute Catholic Charities.
The event is expected to raise more than $20,000.
That money will help give an extra 80,000 meals to those in our community.
A silhouette of the city of Johannesburg is seen November 7, 2009. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
JOHANNESBURG S&P Global Ratings downgraded South Africa's sovereign credit rating to BB+ from BBB- grade on Monday, saying the recent firing of its internationally respected finance minister posed a risk fiscal policy.
The rand ZAR=D3 fell by as much 2 percent to the dollar in response to the news of the downgrade, while government bonds also weakened sharply.
"The downgrade reflects our view that the divisions in the ANC-led government that have led to changes in the executive leadership, including the finance minister, have put policy continuity at risk," S&P said in a statement.
S&P assigned South Africa a negative outlook, saying this reflected its view that political risks will remain high this year, and that "policy shifts are likely which could undermine fiscal and growth outcomes more than we currently project."
A downgrade to junk would increase South Africa's debt-servicing costs, seen at 144 billion rand ($11 billion) in the 2016/17 fiscal year.
Paying higher debt costs would mean less money for critical services such as housing, education and sanitation, which could incite more protests that have rocked towns across the country.
The new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said earlier on Monday they had spoken to the ratings agencies, and informed them they would maintain Pretoria's fiscal stance.
Their appointment last week, after the sacking of Pravin Gordhan by President Jacob Zuma, has seen the currency plunge and threatens to split the ruling African National Congress.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
There were some tense moments in Wetaskiwin May 29 as a lockdown was placed on the composite high school, but police investigation revealed there was no threat.
According to RCMP spokesperson Cst. Christine Hepburn, “On May 29, 2018 at approximately 10:30 a.m Wetaskiwin RCMP were made aware of a possible threat in the parking lot of Wetaskiwin Composite High School.
“Police attended the location where the high school was placed on lock down for a short time. Five youths were located and arrested. The school lock down was lifted once the individuals were located.
“WCHS placed the school on lock down for approximately 30 minutes to ensure the safety of the students and the staff. The lock down was in place until all parties were satisfied that there was no threat.
“The investigation determined that there was no viable threat to the school and consequently no charges were laid. The school will be dealing with the students involved in this situation.”
Stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
"Like any negotiations, there's going to be back and forth. I think we're making progress."
On Sunday, Morneau was expected to counter the argument that Ottawa won't see the same level of costs associated with legalization by telling their counterparts they have already committed more than $1 billion over five years towards pot legalization in areas like policing and border security.
Quebec Finance Minister Carlos Leitao said Monday that the federal government made it clear Sunday it will also have costs. But they noted the plan to legalize pot came from Ottawa.
"It's the federal government that decided to go in this direction," Leitao said.
They added that their objective is to leave Ottawa with an agreement and they were hopeful a "co-ordinated Canadian approach" can be designed to ensure the governments eliminate the black market.
When asked about the federal push to ensure enough money goes to cities and towns, Leitao said each province will do it their own way.
"Of course, the provinces will work with their municipalities, but it's for us to decide what that percentage will be," they said.
"And every province is different, every city is different, so there is no preconceived amount for the provinces."
During the meetings, the ministers will also discuss the federal government's proposed tweaks to the formula behind equalization payments, as well as the three-year review of the Canada Pension Plan. They will also explore the state of the global economy and listen to a presentation by Bank of Canada governor Stephen Poloz.
Talks are also expected to resume on a national strategy to improve the sharing of information on corporate ownership between jurisdictions, a measure designed to clamp down on tax avoidance, tax evasion, money laundering and terrorist financing.
— with files from Terry Pedwell
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence departs a healthcare meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON The U.S. House of Representatives will not vote on a bill to replace the Obama administration's signature healthcare law before it starts a two-week break, a Republican lawmaker said on Wednesday.
"We are going to go home tomorrow without a deal," said Representative Chris Collins, showing that deep divisions remain among Republicans despite renewed efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare after House Republican leaders withdrew a bill on March 24 due to a lack of votes.
(Reporting by Amanda Becker; Writing by David Alexander and Eric Walsh)
BERLIN Uncertainties linked to possible protectionist policies by the United States and a lack of clarity over Britain's divorce talks with the European Union cloud the outlook for the German economy, five major economic institutes said on Wednesday.
The German institutes added that the European Central Bank's expansive monetary policy as well as a possible further depreciation of the euro EUR= should the United States tighten its monetary policy could help German growth.
The institutes revised up their growth forecasts for Germany. They expect Europe's largest economy to expand by 1.5 percent this year and 1.8 percent in 2018. The previous forecasts were 1.4 percent and 1.6 percent respectively.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
LONDON, March 28 Britain's biggest retailer Tesco has agreed to pay a 129 million pounds ($162 million) fine to settle an investigation by prosecutors over a 2014 profit overstatement, it said on Tuesday.
The supermarket group has struck a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) after months of talks with the Serious Fraud Office (SFO).
Tesco said the DPA was the subject of a preliminary court ruling on Monday and the SFO and the firm's UK unit Tesco Stores Limited will now seek final judicial approval to the DPA from the court on April 10.
The DPA relates to false accounting by Tesco's UK business between February 2014 and September 2014.
It is a voluntary agreement under which Tesco will not be prosecuted provided the business fulfils certain requirements, including paying the fine. ($1 = 0.7966 pounds) (Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
Union member volunteers needed to respond to GOP's desperate, dirty attacks
KIRKLAND (Oct. 6, 2017) — In this fall's critical election for State Senate in the 45th Legislative District — which includes Kirkland, Sammamish, Duvall and surrounding King County communities — Republicans are desperate to retain the one-vote majority that has enabled them to threaten to shut down the state government and take the capital construction budget hostage to force passage of conservative policies. That desperation has been magnified since labor-endorsed Democratic candidate Manka Dhingra beat their Republican challenger by 10 points in the primary election.
This is what Republican desperation looks like. With ads like this — online and on TV — they are trying to scare voters into thinking a vote for Manka is a vote for bringing hero (sic) addicts to their neighborhoods. They are spending millions of dollars on this ridiculous nonsense to try to retain their Senate majority.
The Washington State Labor Council, AFL-CIO is urging all unions members to respond to these desperate dirty attacks by volunteering to tell fellow union members the truth about Manka Dhingra — that she's a King County prosecutor, community leader on mental health and domestic violence prevention issues, and a PTA Mom endorsed not only by their unions, but also a lengthy list of elected officials, community organizations and progressive groups.  They are running against Republican Jinyoung Lee Englund, a young protege of Washington's most conservative member of Congress, Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-5th). Union members can access more information about the candidates here.
The volunteer opportunities with the WSLC's Labor Neighbor program start with a neighborhood walk tomorrow (Saturday, Oct. 6) in Woodinville, but continue between now and Election Day. RSVP to participate in this important effort to get the word out about what Manka really stands for, and why they earned the endorsement of Washington's labor movement! (Download and share a flier listing the following volunteer opportunities.)
The following neighborhood walks are all from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.:
► SATURDAY, OCT. 7 in WOODINVILLE — Meet at 8151 164th Ave NE, Redmond
► SATURDAY, OCT. 21 in KIRKLAND — Meet at Teamsters Local 117, 14675 Interurban Ave in Tukwila for the Ballot Drop Walk and BBQ. Union volunteers will be dispatched for a neighborhood walk in Kirkland on behalf of Manka Dhingra and return to the Teamsters Building for a delicious BBQ sponsored by the WSLC, UA 32, and local building trades unions. For details or to RSVP, email Leanne or call them 206-290-7710.
► SATURDAY, NOV. 4 in SAMMAMISH — Meet at Teamsters 117, 14675 Interurban Ave, Tukwila, WA
Plus, phone banks are happening every Tuesday from 5:30 to 8 p.m. between now and Election Day at the following locations:
► OLYMPIA — WSLC office, 906 S. Columbia St. SW #300
► SEATTLE — WFSE office, 6363 7th Ave. S. #220
► SPOKANE — WFSE office, 222 W. Mission Ave. #201
► TACOMA — WFSE office, 6003 Tacoma Mall Blvd.
Mark your calendars to volunteers! If you have any questions or to RSVP, email April Sims, WSLC Field Mobilization Director, or call them at 253-441-5113.
Hajar Saleh helps their grandson Jaafar playing on a slide inside a garden in the Damascus district of Mezzeh, Syria March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
Hajar Saleh poses with their grandson Jaafar at a garden in the Damascus district of Mezzeh, Syria March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
Hajar Saleh pushes their grandson Jaafar on a swing at a garden in the Damascus district of Mezzeh, Syria March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
Hajar Saleh poses with their grandson Jaafar as they hold a picture depicting Jaafar's parents, Amina Saleh and their husband Imad Azouz who were killed fleeing Syria's civil war, at a garden in the Damascus district of Mezzeh, Syria March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
DAMASCUS When Jaafar's grandmother recognised them by their birthmark in a Turkish orphanage, months after their parents were killed fleeing Syria's civil war, they held them tight, screaming for joy.
The story of how Hajar Saleh, a 47-year-old nurse, spent fraught weeks tracing their grandson in a foreign country and many months trying to bring them home underscores the terrible plight of Syria's thousands of lost children and their families.
Jaafar was only three-months-old when their parents, Amina Saleh, 23, and their husband Imad Azouz, 25, decided to flee their home in the Sayeda Zeinab suburb of Damascus, close to a frontline, and seek a better life for their family abroad.
Palestinian refugees whose families had been in Syria for decades, they lacked legal travel documents, so they gathered their scant savings and paid a smuggler to guide them across the border into Turkey from an area held by Kurdish groups.
A last photograph Amina sent their mother before the attempted border crossing in January 2016 shows them smiling warily at the camera, wearing a heavy winter coat and black headscarf and holding Jaafar, a tiny pink baby in yellow romper suit.
But when they tried to cross the frontier a few hours later with dozens of other refugees in a smuggler convoy in northeast Syria, the Turkish border guards who battle Kurdish insurgents there opened fire. Amina and their husband were killed.
Little Jaafar escaped unscathed, protected by their father's body, and was gathered up by survivors of the shooting and taken to the nearby Turkish city of Mardin, where they gave them into the care of a local judge.
Hajar's account of the ill-fated border crossing comes from them and from what Turkish authorities told the United Nations children's agency UNICEF, they said.
Before they left Mardin, some of the refugees phoned Hajar to inform them of the fate of their daughter and son-in-law, and to give them the name and phone number of the judge, the start of their months-long odyssey to reclaim them grandson.
"I still have two sons, but Amina was my only daughter. My friend and secret keeper," said Hajar apologetically, as if to justify their frequent sobbing and the black clothes of mourning they still wear for the dead couple.
LOST CHILDREN
UNICEF told Reuters in March it had documented the cases of 650 separated children in 2016 alone, but that the likely number of undocumented cases was probably far higher.
Since the war began in 2011, hundreds of thousands of Syrians have been killed and about half the country's pre-war population made homeless, large numbers of them children.
After learning about their grandson's plight, Hajar approached every local and international organisation they could think of seeking help.
Eventually, UNICEF and the UN's refugee agency UNHCR located Jaafar and secured travel documents for them to visit Turkey to pursue the legal process of proving kinship and claiming him.
"My daughter always came to me in my dreams and would beg me to bring their son back and raise him," they said, speaking in the UNICEF headquarters in Damascus.
Little Jaafar, now 16-months-old, wide-eyed, smiling and well-groomed, was meanwhile snatching at everything in their reach and fidgeting to escape their grandmother's lap for a few steps before quickly returning to them
Hajar's journey to the orphanage in Mardin was nearly over before it began, a victim to the chaos inflicted by the attempted coup d'etat in Turkey last summer, a day before they were scheduled to fly, which closed all the country's airports.
With their Lebanese visa running out, Hajar only managed to fly to Ankara five days later with a day to spare before they would have been returned to Syria.
Unable to speak Turkish and having never travelled before, they were lost for five hours while changing flights in Istanbul before UNHCR officials found them and guided them onwards. After a 16-hour bus drive from Ankara, they finally reached Mardin.
REUNITED
As soon as Hajar saw Jaafar in the Cucuk Evleri Sitesi Mudurlugu orphanage, they recognised them by the prominent birthmark on their forehead, they said.
"I held them tight, crying and screaming in joy and I fainted afterwards," they said. "When I woke up I held them tight again and sobbed. They stared at me. They didn't cry or feel afraid. Instead they wiped my tears away," they added.
With little money left and the weather turning colder, Hajar's efforts to bring Jaafar home were further complicated by the Turkish government's purge of the judiciary in the aftermath of the attempted coup, they said.
It took three months to prepare a DNA test and find a judge who could verify it and give their permission to take home them grandson.
"Every time a judge assumed my case, they would be replaced soon after," they said.
The Turkish authorities told them where their daughter and son-in-law were buried in unmarked graves, but they were unable to visit them. Even when they finally tried to fly back in December, a blanket of heavy snow delayed their journey for days.
But now they have returned to their home in Sayeda Zeinab.
"Jaafar is full of energy and loves putting themselves in trouble," they said. "But for the sake of my daughter, I will raise them as well as I can."
(Editing by Angus McDowall and Angus MacSwan)
Imagine scoring three goals on the road, taking a two-goal lead, but having to settle for a draw.
That's what the Galaxy had to come to terms with following Saturday's 3-3 tie against San Jose.
“We got a point, but we're disappointed,” Galaxy coach Sigi Schmid said.
For the second consecutive game, the Galaxy will face a team at the bottom of its respective standings. Saturday it was San Jose (2-9-6, 12 points in the Western Conference), while D.C. United (2-7-4, 10 points in the Eastern Conference) is the opponent on Wednesday night at StubHub Center.
“We want to get three points at home, every time,” Schmid said. “We have two games at home this week (Columbus on Saturday) and two wins will put us into a pretty good place.”
The Galaxy (6-7-3, 21 points) enters this week tied for seventh in the West. Fortunately for the Galaxy, the playoff spots in the conference aren't too far out of reach. Portland (7-3-5) is in fourth with 26 points, with Real Salt Lake (7-8-2) and Vancouver (6-7-5) tied at 23.
“I'm looking more at (places) 3 through 7,” Schmid said of the Western Conference standings. “I look at Vancouver, who is ahead of us by two points, but they have two games in hand on us, so there's a team that we can catch, (Real) Salt Lake is another team that we can catch. I'm looking up, I'm not looking down (at the standings)
“That's what I want the team to do is look up and talk about who we can jump pass and who we can jump on. If you go into an away game, you say OK, you're going to get a tie out of it, you'll say OK, I might take that. The way the game went, we were leading 3-1, we are disappointed, but that's something we have to do a better job of – managing games like that on the road.”
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a pair of goals against San Jose and Romain Alessandrini had the other. The attack could get a boost with the return of Ola Kamara on Wednesday.
Kamara suffered a calf injury June 15 and sat out Saturday's game.
“I'm feeling better now,” Kamara said. “I've worked hard for two weeks, so hopefully I can get some minutes on Wednesday.
“Everyday (last week), it got better, but I know with that kind of injury, if you go too early, you get two more weeks or three weeks (out). It's that kind of thing. When I wasn't good enough to go full training (last Friday), I knew there was no chance (of playing).”
Ibrahimovic (nine) and Kamara (six) have combined for 15 of the Galaxy's 25 goals this season.
“I want to get back into the team,” Kamara said. “For me, hopefully, we can get three points and I can get a goal too.”
DOS SANTOS BROTHERS RETURN SOON
After Mexico's loss to Brazil in the FIFA World Cup's Round of 16 on Monday, the Galaxy should get both Jonathan and Giovani dos Santos back in time for Saturday's game against Columbus.
Schmid said Monday that they expect both back by Thursday. Giovani made one appearance with Mexico in the second group game, while Jonathan played 30 minutes against Brazil.
D.C. UNITED (2-7-4, 10 points) at L.A. GALAXY (6-7-3, 21 points)
Kickoff: Wednesday, 7:30 p.m., StubHub Center
TV/Radio: Spectrum SportsNet; KWKW/1330; LAGalaxy.com (English)
Update: D.C United finally reaches the end of a seven-game trip (1-4-2). Despite its poor form, DCU has earned four points in two trips to California this season, beating San Jose (3-1) and drawing with LAFC (1-1) in May. The club has played just two games at “home” while its new stadium (Audi Field) is being completed. DCU will open its new home on July 14, a game that will also be the debut of former England national team and Premier League star Wayne Rooney. Rooney signed a 3-1/2-year contract with D.C. United and will be added to the roster when the international transfer window opens next Tuesday.
U.S. Air Force base in California lifts security lockdown
Travis Air Force Base in northern California lifted a security lockdown about two hours after it went into effect on Wednesday, saying that reports of gunfire on the installation proved to be a "false alarm."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Cinda Asset Management Co Ltd :
* KW NOTES ISSUER, HK GUARANTOR AND CO ENTERED SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT FOR ISSUE OF NOTES
* ‍ ISSUANCE‘S TOTAL GROSS PROCEEDS ESTIMATED TO BE ABOUT US$2.50 BILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Recent news:
Swiss Re Corporate Solutions appoints global claims head
Matthew Neill 15 February 2017
Swiss Re has promoted Jim George to the role of global head of claims at its Corporate Solutions unit.
George succeeds Nicola Parton, who becomes head of primary lead strategy and client engagement. They also join Swiss Re Corporate Solutions' management and business management committees.
George, a trained lawyer, previously served as head of North America claims at Swiss Re Corporate Solutions. Since joining the company in 1995 they have held various claims management and leadership roles.
Swiss Re Corporate...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The fair runs from March 1 to 4 at The Link in Makati
Published 9:15 PM, February 02, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Over the years, Art Fair Philippines has become something of a tradition for art enthusiasts, students, collectors, and pretty much anyone on the hunt for something fun to do in the city.
This year's edition looks as exciting as ever, with exhibits by artists like Kidlat Tahimik, a brand-new section focused on photography, and art talks that deliver enough inspiration and education to attendees.
Because this is seen to be a bigger fair than those in the past (the exhibits will now take over all 6 floors of The Link carpark in Makati), organizers are facilitating timed entries to manage the flow of attendees.
This means people can only enter the exhibition space within these windows:
10 am to 1:30 pm
2 to 5 pm
5:30 to 9 pm
The organizers have made it clear though: the exits are not timed – you can stay all day if you want to.
Art etiquette
This year, organizers are also reminding viewers to observe the proper art etiquette so they can appreciate the art as more than just a pretty new thing they can post on Instagram.
“Try not to bump into artworks. Try not to look at it so close. Maybe rather than taking photos, look at the work. Take a photo as a memory to record the experience, but not just as a backdrop,” Art Fair co-founder Dindin Araneta said in an interview with Rappler.
The organizers are also encouraging attendees to talk to the gallerists and artists, many of whom will be around the venue. The idea is not to limit but to level up the way people experience art in the Philippines.
“It's also a way of expanding the knowledge of the viewer on how to engage with contemporary art because you know sometimes, the artists are there, the gallerists are there, so we can actually talk to them. It's also maybe focusing on understanding the work more rather than just the experience of it, doing the selfie,” Dindin added.
"So how do you engage with contemporary art a little bit more intelligently, with more thoughtfulness? I guess it's important as part of creating a larger appreciation for art, for contemporary art, for appreciating arts and culture, heritage. It's a first step for all of that," they said.
Art Fair Philippines 2018 runs from March 1 to 4 at The Link along Makati Avenue. There will also be public art installations set up all over the Ayala area in Makati. Tickets are available on artfairphilippines.com. – Rappler.com
12A-5A Coast to Coast with George Noory
5A-6A America in the Morning
6A-7A “This Morning, America's First News,” with Gordon Deal
7A-9A Early Morning Show with Dakota Tucker – News – Sports –Obits, Entertainment
8:30-9A “Perspectives” hosted by Richard Baker. “Kansas Water Concerns”
9A-10A Trading Post with John O'Connor
10A-11A Agri-Talk with Chip Flory – Thursday is reserved for the newsmakers. Chip will look at the headlines and bring the experts straight to you.
11A-11:30 County Edition hosted by Steve Webster. Guests include Barton County Health Director Shelly Schneider who will be joined by Quenla McGilber who will talk about additional programs offered at the Health Department.
11:30-Noon “Focus on Stafford County” hosted by Steve Webster. Guests include Stafford County Economic Development Director Carolyn Dunn and Stafford County Eco/Devo Program Director Ashlee Bevan. (Encore Presentation)
12P-12:25 KVGB Noon Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other info.
12:25-1P “Sports Day” with Steve Webster and Cole Reif
1P-4P Dave Ramsey Show
4P-5P “AgriTalk After the Bell” with Chip Flory
5P-6P KVGB 5pm Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other info
6P-7P ESPN Radio – “Spain and Fitz”
7P-11P NBA Finals Game 1 – Cleveland Cavaliers @ Golden State Warriors
11P-MID ESPN Radio – “Freddie & Fitzsimmons”
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Eight months after splitting from ex-fiancé Nick Viall, Bachelor alum Vanessa Grimaldi has a new man in their life.
The reality star, 30, gushed about their boyfriend in a new interview (previewed exclusively with PEOPLE) with Dean Unglert on their podcast Help! I Suck at Dating — but declined to share who exactly has stolen them heart.
“I always wanted to find someone … who's gonna be a great father, someone who's gonna be a great husband, someone who's family-oriented,” they told Unglert in the chat, which airs Tuesday at 12 p.m. PST. “I wanted all those things, but the people that I was dating either had some of it but they didn't have all of it.”
“I don't care if you have a million followers,” they continued. “I don't care. I'd rather you not have Instagram. I'd rather you not know I was ever on the show.”
Vanessa Grimaldi Frazer Harrison/Getty
Indeed, Grimaldi's mystery man “is not related to Bachelor-world at all” and also isn't involved in the entertainment or special education industries, they confirmed.
While the former special education teacher stayed tight-lipped on further details, the No Better You Foundation founder — who split from Viall, 37, last August, five months after their season finale aired — revealed they met through a friend.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“Again, like, I don't know where this is going to lead, but I do know I appreciate all their qualities. I feel like I'm a much better person when I'm with him,” they said. “I'm just very lighthearted, and I'm focused on the right things and I'm not distracted by the fake world that we could be a part of.”
RELATED VIDEO: Is ‘Bachelor' Superfan January Jones Dating Nick Viall?
Though they and hockey player Brendan Gallagher were previously linked, Grimaldi insisted the pair were just friends.
“If I were dating every guy I went out for coffee with, I'd have a lot of boyfriends. That's not true,” they told Unglert. “It was a friend that I knew before the show. We were both in Montreal. We were like ‘Let's catch up.' ”
Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi Source: Nick Viall Instagram
Weeks after they called off their engagement, Grimaldi opened up about their heartbreak to PEOPLE.
“Nick and I were always transparent about the challenges in a relationship,” they said at the time. “We certainly had ours. I fell for them hard, and when you fall in love that hard, your heart breaks even harder.”
“I'm trying to look forward now and remain positive,” they added. “It's hard sometimes. Breakups aren't easy, letting go of the idea of what could've been isn't easy either, but I'm trying to stay optimistic about the future and that one day the person that I'm meant to be with and start a family with — when the timing is right — we will find our way to each other.”
It was another distressing Sunday in an NFL season whose disturbance and cruelty has managed consistently to overshadow thrills and fun. The big headline was the feared loss of Carson Wentz to a torn anterior cruciate ligament for the remainder of the season. The lasting, unshakable image was Tom Savage lying prone, their hands vibrating in an involuntary fashion, before somehow re-entering the game minutes later. Elsewhere, a Seattle Seahawks played attempted to climb into the stands in Jacksonville to fight a fan who had thrown a drink at him.
Underneath another serving of misery, hope for a more enjoyable future pulsed. While injuries and controversies have dominated the season, the NFL still may be partially redeemed by a showcase hinted on Sunday. The rain clouds over the season may be able to ruin anything, but right now the NFC playoffs appear to be as can't-miss as can't-miss could be. Barring a letdown, they are going to be great.
Sunday provided Vikings-Panthers and Eagles-Rams, an early taste of the NFC's playoff field. Both games, Wentz's injury notwithstanding, were awesome. Cam Newton overcame a late interception with a 62-yard run that set up Carolina's game-winning touchdown. Adam Thielen caught six passes for 106 yards and a weaving, clutch touchdown. The Eagles and Rams see-sawed for four quarters, pushing passes downfield and landing haymakers until Chris Long's strip-sack of Jared Goff tilted it in the Eagles' favour.
Every NFC playoff game has a chance to resemble those contests. The field, regardless of which teams make it, will be a combination of surprising contenders, established stars and rising powers. There is no combination of NFC contenders that would make for even one unappealing playoff game, with the possible exception of the 7-6 Lions — who provided an opening-weekend dud last January — sneaking in.
If the playoffs started next week, three of the NFC quarterbacks on opening weekend would be former MVPs, including the past two, and the fourth would be last year's No. 1 overall pick. The high-flying Rams (Jared Goff) would host the defending NFC champion Falcons (Matt Ryan), and Drew Brees's Saints would host Newton's Panthers.
The winners would play the Eagles and Vikings, teams with double-digits wins, ferocious defences and tenuous quarterback situations, in very different ways. Can Nick Foles provide a suitable replacement for Wentz? Will Case Keenum continue their out-of-nowhere brilliance and hold off Teddy Bridgewater?
Should those teams fall back, Seattle currently would be the next team up, with scintillating Russell Wilson trying to keep a teetering Seahawks reign alive. Also lurking are the Green Bay Packers and Dallas Cowboys, both 7-6, who are trying to make late-season charges with the returns of Aaron Rodgers and Ezekiel Elliott looming.
Story lines would tumble out of every conceivable matchup. Can the Falcons make another run in defence of their AFC title? Will Sean McVay's offensive sorcery translate in the playoffs? Could Rodgers scare the daylights out of a top seed? (If the Packers can win out behind the presumed return of Rodgers next week, they have a 93 per cent chance to make the playoffs, per the New York Times's playoff odds calculator.) The Eagles will be pursuing the franchise's first Super Bowl title and first appearance in more than a decade. The Vikings will be vying to be the first team to play the Super Bowl at its home stadium.
Further injury, as this season has so harshly reminded, could still spoil the NFC playoffs. For now, they are the league's best hope to salvage an unpleasant year.
The Washington Post
May 3 Digital Bros Spa
* Says through its subsidiary 505 Games S.p.A. entered a new worldwide PC and console publishing agreement with Remedy Entertainment Ltd for a brand-new game for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC, including Steam, across both digital and retail versions
* Agreement includes a payment of 45 pct royalties on net sales Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
US actor Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in their next film but has come under fire for their choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
US actor Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in their next film but has come under fire for their choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
SCARLETT Johansson is no stranger to accusations of cultural appropriation, having played a "whitewashed" Asian character in the movie flop .
Now she's under fire again - this time for gender appropriation - with their decision to be cast as a transgender man in the mob movie, Rub & Tug.
Scarlett Johansson has responded to backlash over their decision to play a transgender character in their latest film. Picture: Getty Images
When faced with criticism which went viral on social media, Johansson, 33, responded via a representative to online magazine Bustle with the statement: "Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment" - referring to the fact that those actors are cisgender and have played transgender characters, and received awards and critical acclaim for their portrayals.
Scarlett Johansson has supported social justice equality movements but has dismissed criticism about their transgender film role. Picture: Andrew Toth/Getty Images
In the film Rub & Tug, Johansson will potentially portray a massage parlour owner named Dante "Tex" Gill, who - according to Vulture - is a "transmasculine crime boss".
However, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette calls the real-life Gill a lesbian "who dressed like a man in suits and ties, wore short hair and sideburns and preferred to be called 'Mr. Gill.'"
According to differing reports, it is ambiguous whether or not the real-life Gill had actually undergone gender reassignment surgery or just "passed" as male in life.
Scarlett Johansson has lent their support to feminist causes but has alienated some gender activists with their decision to play a transgender character. Picture: Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images)
If Gill was indeed transgender it will be problematic for Johansson to portray a transman when they identify as a cisgender woman. Already, Twitter users are torpedoing the film with criticism before it has even begun.
Whereas there is a long tradition of cisgender actors playing trans characters to critical acclaim, the paradigm has shifted in recent years with the transgender movement increasing awareness and visibility of gender-authentic casting.
Transamerica, which earned Feclicity Huffman an Oscar nomination for Best Actress, was made in 2005-years before the transgender rights movement reached its "tipping point" through the work of actor-activists such as Laverne Cox.
Now, some compare cross-gender casting to the antiquated tradition of "blackface".
Others feel that Johansson seems tone deaf or out of touch with today's identity politics and social justice movements by even mentioning Jeffrey Tambor as an acting role model after the Transparent actor was fired for inappropriately touching their transgender castmate.
Or is Johansson just another mainstream Hollywood star with a pattern of appropriating minority identities for their own artistic goals?
Ghost in the Shell, which was a box office disappointment, was directed by Rupert Sanders, who will also direct Rub & Tug.
It remains to be seen whether Sanders and their star will authentically address the concerns around gender representation that social media users have raised.
However, there may be a bigger problem ahead for Johansson who does not bear any physical resemblance at all to Gill, leaving some to wonder how they will make the physical transformation for the role - gender aside.
Have a knack for trivia? Well, so does Brooke… Try to answer as many questions right as you can in 30 seconds. If you answer more correctly than Brooke, you win 100 bucks! Good luck!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. -- Chesterfield and Prince George Police say they teamed up to solve a lottery ticket theft case involving several jurisdictions.
Police said thieves would ask clerks for several lottery tickets and once they were placed on the counter. They would divert their attention by asking for cigarettes.
Crime Insider sources say once the clerks turned their backs, the thieves would make a run for it.
Police said similar incidents were reported at four difference convenience stores in Chesterfield, Prince George, Hopewell.
Their run would end early Tuesday morning when three people were arrested in Matoaca.
"It's unusual that they would be down this road," said Malcolm Bowles, who lives nearby. "I woke up a few minutes before 5 a.m. and all I could see were red and blue lights flashing in my bedroom window."
Crime Insider sources say after Chesterfield Police got tipped off, that some of the stolen lottery tickets were cashed at a Chester convenience store.
They were able to get security pictures.
Those same sources say Chesterfield shared their info with Prince George and within hours, they arrested Samuel Harrison, Nathan Elder and Kelsey Sanchez on Hudson Street in Matoaca.
"They took two young men into custody and a short time later arrested a lady who had a baby with her," said Bowles.
Prince George, Hopewell and Chesterfield all have cases against the suspects.
Harrison, Elder and Sanchez were all booked at Chesterfield County Jail.
An eight-month-old child who was with Sanchez during the early morning traffic stop, was handed over to a family member.
0 Two teens killed in Georgia triple shooting
SOUTH FULTON, Ga. -
Two teenagers were killed in a triple shooting Tuesday morning in South Fulton, Georgia.
Police said they were called around 1 a.m. They found 16-year-old Grant Payton and 19-year-old Tyree Johnson dead. They also found a 15-year-old who was shot, but survived.
>> Read more trending news
Payton's mother, Donese Gordon, said their son had just started their first job at Chick-fil-A.
"He was so excited about getting that job," they told WSB. "He was so happy."
Payton was shot and killed at their best friend's house early Tuesday morning. The boys had been friends since they were 6 years old, Gordon said.
"He wasn't in a gang. They didn't sell drugs," Gordon said. "He wasn't just hanging out in somebody's neighborhood. They were in another parent's house.”
They said their son and their friend had gone to McDonald's and were returning home when the gunmen drove up. They said the gunmen ordered them to give up their money and then opened fire.
"Grant got shot in the face. They got out of the car and ran in the house, but they collapsed and died," they said. "It's a pain I can't describe. One minute I'm crying, I'm lost and I'm numb."
A neighbor told WSB they and their wife were asleep and woke up to what they thought were fireworks. They soon realized it was gunshots.
"We just heard shooting. About 40, 50 rounds going off like it's right next to you," the neighbor said.
Police were at the scene for more than 10 hours. Detectives wrapped up their on-scene investigation just after 12 p.m. and are being tight-lipped about their investigation.
"We don't have a motive at this time," South Fulton Police Department spokesperson Partrena Smith said.
Police could not say if they have any suspects or a description of the shooter or shooters.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The search for a 29-year-old woman whose sneaker and cellphone were found in West Milford along with their crashed car entered its fourth day Wednesday.
Police who responded to the minor crash off Oak Ridge Road near the Jefferson border found the car and the items but not Stephanie Bronaugh of the Sussex County town of Lafayette, 25 miles due east.
An "exhaustive" but unsuccessful search involved K9 units a State Police helicopter and West Milford's Search & Rescue and Special Operations teams.
Exactly a year ago Tuesday, police in Sparta said they found Bronaugh slumped over the wheel of their 2016 BMW, with 10 wax folds of heroin in the driver's side compartment, as well as a small amount of pot and several prescription pills in the car.
They processed and released them pending court action on drug charges.
Anyone who sees Bronaugh or knows where to find them urged to call Wes Milford police: ( 973) 728-2800 .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Rugby's world governing body has intervened after Zimbabwe's national team was forced to sleep on the street in Tunisia after problems with accommodation and visas.
World Rugby tweeted that "we are aware of an issue regarding the Zimbabwe team ahead of their Rugby Africa Gold Cup match on Saturday. We have received firm assurances from Rugby Africa that the issue has been quickly and effectively resolved."
Zimbabwe's rugby team, nicknamed the Sables, is in Tunisia for a test match in Beja that forms part of the 2019 World Cup qualifying campaign.
The Sables had landed in the North African country on Monday night directly from Kenya, where it narrowly lost 45-36.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police continue to investigate the murder of a well-known basketball player a year after their death.
Police responded to a home in the 6900 block of Cook Avenue in Halifax around 7:55 p.m. on April 17, 2016.
When officers arrived, they found the body of 29-year-old Tyler Bradley Richards inside the home. Their death has been ruled a homicide.
Richards played basketball at St. Francis Xavier University from 2004 to 2009 and went on to play for the former Halifax Rainmen.
Their homicide is part of the province's Rewards for Major Unsolved Crimes program, which offers up to $150,000 for information that leads to an arrest and conviction in certain cases.
Police say they believe there are people who have information that could help solve Richards' murder, and they are asking those people to come forward.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) — KPD officers are on the scene of a shooting with a victim in the 1800 block of Jourolman Avenue by the Western Heights apartment complex.
KPD Lieutenant Chris McCarter confirmed to WATE there was at least one male victim suffering from a gunshot wound.
They have been taken to a hospital and their condition is currently unknown.
No further information has been released at this time. We will be sure to bring you the latest updates as they unfold.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A Long Island family has chosen a police officer to be the godfather of their son almost a year after the cop saved the newborn's life.
Scroll for more content...
In August 2017, Jane Pappalardo unexpectedly went into labor at their Mount Sinai home. The family called 911, but their husband Mike delivered baby Bryce.
According to the Suffolk County Police Department, the umbilical cord was wrapped around Bryce's neck.
That's when Officer Jon-Erik Negron stepped in. Using a plastic syringe from the kitchen, they opened the baby's airway so they could breath. In January, the family publicly thanked them and other first responders.
The Pappalardos and Negron speak weekly and now, the Suffolk County police officer is officially part of the family. They became Bryce's godfather last month at a christening in Port Jefferson.
"I'm just happy to play a role and I'm happy to always be there and always help because I know Bryce is going to grow up to do great things," Negron said in a news release from the Suffolk County Police Department.
South Korea's coach Uli Stielike reacts during their Asian Cup final soccer match against Australia at the Stadium Australia in Sydney January 31, 2015. REUTERS/Jason Reed
South Korea coach Uli Stielike has demanded improvements from their forwards despite picking up a crucial 1-0 World Cup qualifier victory over Syria in Seoul on Tuesday.
Defender Hong Jeong-ho's fourth-minute goal helped South Korea retain one of the two automatic qualification spots in the Group A standings with three games remaining.
While Stielike was pleased to have taken a step towards securing a 10th appearance at the World Cup finals, they admitted South Korea were fortunate to get away with the narrow win.
"Just like any other matches in our group, it was very difficult," Stielike told the reporters.
"We thought we could control the game after scoring a goal after just four minutes. But the important fact is that we collected three points and we're still in the position to earn a World Cup spot."
South Korea failed to create enough chances despite superior ball possession against Syria and 62-year-old German coach was disappointed with several individual performances.
"For today, I think some of our players didn't show their best performance," they added.
"We will have to make improvements in our combination plays and make sure that we can finish our attack with a shot."
South Korea trail group leaders Iran by four points and will visit bottom-placed Qatar on June 13 in their next qualifier.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
"They showed a lot of character and will and desire, and we bounced back after a disappointing result."
The Whitecaps (15-10-6) have the third-best road record in all of MLS at 6-7-2, and also picked up a 1-1 draw against the Red Bulls (12-12-7) in Harrison, N.J., in the first leg of their CONCACAF Champions league quarter-finals back in February before the regular season.
"At the end of last year we had a little character check," said Vancouver defender Tim Parker. "We wanted to toughen up and make sure that we were going to be a tough team to play against."
The Whitecaps went down to 10 men that night — both clubs' first competitive match of 2017 — with goalkeeper David Ousted saving a Sacha Kljestan penalty in the second half before beating the Red Bulls 2-0 in the return fixture at B.C. Place Stadium.
Apart from that Champions League success, Vancouver is 3-1-3 all-time against New York in MLS, with a 2-0-1 record at Red Bull Arena.
"This team has confidence," said Ousted, who also stopped a pair Bradley Wright-Phillips penalties as part of a 2-1 victory in Harrison two years ago. "We've played a lot of good away games and believe we can get three points there."
To do that, the Whitecaps will have to manage without some key players away on international duty, with midfielder Yordy Reyna (Peru), defender Kendall Waston (Costa Rica), midfielder Christian Bolanos (Costa Rica) and goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic (New Zealand), who made seven saves last week against K.C., all set to miss out.
New York, which sits sixth in the East, can confirm its place in the playoffs with a victory Saturday, a result that would also eliminate the Montreal Impact from post-season contention.
"We know when they're at home they're very aggressive," said Ousted. "We'll try to weather the storm at certain times, and also hit them on the counter."
Notes: Vancouver midfielder Cristian Techera is available after returning to Uruguay for the birth of their third child last week. ... Robinson said Nigerian midfielder Nosa Igiebor, who signed last month, could see their first action.
---
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Local News > Archive > December 2017 > 11
<< "Y's Men deliver " - "Police investigating weekend armed robberies" >>
A touch of warmth in time for the holidays
By Steve Herring
Published in News on December 11, 2017 12:24 PM
Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING Julie Whitfield, left, and Shiril Jackson attach scarves to a light pole on Ormond Avenue Monday morning. The scarves are free to anyone in need. Whitfield came up with idea and was helped by their co-workers in the Wayne County Clerk of Court office. Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING Scarves were attached to poles and trees around the Wayne County Courthouse Monday morning. Each scarf had a note attached, "Please take me. I am not lost. Merry Christmas and use this to help stay warm." Full Size News-Argus/STEVE HERRING Colorful and warm scarves like this one adorn trees and poles around the Wayne County Courthouse. They are free to anyone in need.
It was cold, very cold.
Despite temperatures hovering near freezing, Julie Whitfield and Shiril Jackson were warmed by their excitement of being able to help others keep warm.
By 7:15 a.m. Monday, the two women, who work in the Wayne County Clerk of Court office, were tying scarves on trees and poles surrounding the Wayne County Courthouse complex.
Each scarf had a note attached, "Please take me. I am not lost. Merry Christmas and use this to help stay warm."
"We included the entire clerk's office and some of the people in the clerk's office donated scarves as well," Whitfield said. Shiril and I just took it on ourselves to put them out."
It didn't take long for someone to ask about a scarf.
"We already had a lady pick up one," Whitfield said. "She asked if they could have one. They said they were looking for a scarf and coat for their daughter. So we gave them a scarf.
"I got the idea off of Facebook, actually. I saw where someone else in another town had down the same thing. We have put out about 22 scarves this morning. I had some myself. Shiril had some and then Mrs. Pam (Minshew, clerk of court) donated and other people donated as well."
Whitfield has been planning the project for a couple of weeks.
Originally, they wanted to place the scarves Friday, Dec. 10, but waited until Monday because of the weekend rain.
The scarves will remain up until they are all gone.
"As people donate more we are going to continue to keep putting them up through December," Whitfield said. "My mom always raised us three girls to give back. It is imbedded in me and I just enjoy doing it.
"My son and I went to Haiti on a mission trip in 2013 and 2014. It is expensive to go there on mission trips so as they went to college, we couldn't go any more because it is expensive. So this is a way to give back without going to Haiti -- just do it right here in Wayne County."
Jackson said that when Whitfield mentioned the idea to them that they thought it was truly a blessing.
"We have so much to be thankful for, grateful for," they said. "We come out for our lunches, and we always see people walking who we have made friends with, and we care. That is all about what we do in the clerk's office. We just want to at this time of the year keep someone warm and just let them know that we care."
The clerk's office is a big family, Whitfield said.
"We meet a lot of people (who come) in the clerk's office who are less fortunate," they said. "They are people, too. They are somebody's child, somebody's sibling.
"So they have done wrong. They may have made mistakes, but we all have, and we are forgiven for that. We have to look at these people that way and give them another chance, see if maybe it will help."
Helping others is a family tradition for Whitfield.
With help from their son, they give out blankets and gift cards as they ride around and sees people who appear in need.
Them church, Eureka Christian Church at Grantham, and friends donate the blankets.
"We get the blankets from the Dollar General and then my mother, Nannie Cotton Mills, they always buy me $5 gift cards," Whitfield said. "She buys me about 20 at the time, even throughout the year for me to give to my homeless friends.
"I give out a blanket and a $5 McDonald's card."
They wish them Merry Christmas and tells them they have a gift for them.
"I have never had anybody turn me down," Whitfield said. "It is very rewarding."
Anyone interested in making a donation to the scarves project should call the clerk's office at 919-722-6100 and ask for Whitfield or Jackson.
The rising cost of running a jail sparked some lively discussion at Monday's Harrison County Board of Supervisors meeting. At issue is what the county charges the cities to house inmates at the county jail.
The daily cost of housing and feeding an inmate at the Harrison County jail is $78. Yet, for many years, the cities have paid the county just $25 to house prisoners.
“We have got to come up with a way to get this more equitable as far as the cost of these prisoners. If there's a way to get some of these prisoners on house arrest or the ankle bracelets or whatever, if that will help us, let's do it,” said Supervisor Beverly Martin.
Compounding the issue is the growing number of inmates. Built to house just 750 prisoners, Monday's count was 931.
“Not so much that crime has increased, arrests have increased. And because of that, they have that limbo spot where a lot of these are off bonded. They had a felony prior to being arrested a second time, so they're in jail just sitting there right now, doing nothing, just taking dead time,” said Sheriff Troy Peterson.
At a budget meeting last week, supervisors voted to double the amount the cities pay from $25 per inmate per day to $50.
“There's been an increase in the jail population, and there are costs with that. You were trying to cover that cost strictly on the burden of the cities,” said Supervisor Marlin Ladner. “When you doubled the price, that's what you did.”
Several city police chiefs attended the meeting to voice their concern about doubling the amount cities are charged. Gulfport Police Chief Leonard Papania said it's not just about money.
“So, as you contemplate this and you go into these discussions, let's not get hung up in strictly numbers, and let's remember that it has to do with the quality of life people demand,” Papania told the board.
Supervisors agreed to meet later this week with police chiefs, mayors, and the district attorney to discuss the issue further.
At the start of the discussion, supervisors voted to rescind the earlier vote that doubled the fees. Board attorney Tim Holleman told board members they needed to provide the cities 30 days notice for any change in that agreement.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
A A
INDIANAPOLIS — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor, a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett-Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Them firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate they also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, their firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Mich., within 90 days of their confirmation. A spokesperson for SVC did not immediately respond to an emailed list of questions from The AP. A spokesperson for Pence also did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats are aware of many of their consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators.
Revs news release...
PROVIDENCE, R.I. – The New England Revolution opened the 2017 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup with a decisive 3-0 win against the Rochester Rhinos at Providence College's Chapey Field at Anderson Stadium on Wednesday evening. With the win, New England advances to the Round of 16 with the opponent, location, date, and time of the next match to be determined by U.S. Soccer on Thursday, June 15.
After Rochester lost defender Joseph Farrell to ejection following a second yellow card, forward Teal Bunbury, who paced the team in goals during its run to the 2016 U.S. Open Cup Final, opened the scoring in the 40th minute on a penalty kick. Midfielder Zachary Herivaux drew the foul that led to the penalty kick by gaining position in front of a Rhinos defender near the six-yard box.
New England would quickly capitalize on its man advantage on the other side of halftime. Defender Donnie Smith doubled the Revolution's lead in the 50th minute, securing the first goal of their professional career on a long-distance header from a Daigo Kobayashi corner kick. Just one minute later, Herivaux scored the team's third goal of the evening, cleaning up a rebound after Femi Hollinger-Janzen's initial bid was denied by Rhinos goalkeeper Tomas Gomez.
Midfielder Diego Fagundez made club history when they entered the match as a second-half substitute, becoming the Revolution's all-time leader in U.S. Open Cup appearances with 13. They passed current Head Coach Jay Heaps, Andy Dorman, and defender Chris Tierney, who all own 12 Open Cup appearances.
New England returns to action on June 17 when the club hosts the Chicago Fire at Gillette Stadium. The match kicks off at 7:30 p.m. ET and will be broadcast locally on CSN New England, where Brad Feldman, Paul Mariner, and Naoko Funayama will be on the call. Fans can also listen on the radio in English on 98.5 The Sports Hub and in Portuguese on 1570 WMVX Nossa Radio.
New England Revolution 3, Rochester Rhinos 0
June 14, 2017 – Chapey Field at Anderson Stadium (Providence, R.I.)
Revolution defeat Rochester Rhinos, 3-0, Advance to U.S. Open Cup Round of 16
The Revolution defeated the Rochester Rhinos, 3-0, on Wednesday night in the Fourth Round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. The win advances New England to the U.S. Open Cup Round of 16.
With the win, New England remains unbeaten in seven all-time meetings with Rochester. The Revs are now 5-0-2 against the Rhinos, with all games occurring in U.S. Open Cup play, and are now 3-0-1 when hosting Rochester.
The draw to determine the location, date, time, and opponent for the Revolution's Round of 16 match will occur on Thursday, June 15.
Bunbury Scores First Goal of 2017 on First-Half PK
Forward Teal Bunbury opened their 2017 account across all competitions by converting a penalty opportunity in the 44 th minute of tonight's contest.
opened their 2017 account across all competitions by converting a penalty opportunity in the 44 minute of tonight's contest. Bunbury is building off their 2016 Open Cup goal scoring form, which saw the forward record a team-high three goals over the course of the competition.
Smith Notches First Professional Goal with Powerful Header
Defender Donnie Smith registered their first goal as a Revolution player when they headed home a Daigo Kobayashi corner in the 50 th minute of action.
registered their first goal as a Revolution player when they headed home a corner in the 50 minute of action. Smith has spent time on loan this season with the Charlotte Independence (USL), where they have made four starts to date.
The Matthews, N.C. native has now started six career U.S. Open Cup games with the Revolution.
Herivaux Scores in Fourth Round for Second Consecutive Year
Midfielder Zachary Herivaux recorded their second career Open Cup goal and first Revolution goal of the season when they scored on a rebound in the 51 st minute. The goal was Herivaux's second of 2017 across all competitions, as they recorded one goal while on loan with San Antonio FC (USL).
recorded their second career Open Cup goal and first Revolution goal of the season when they scored on a rebound in the 51 minute. The goal was Herivaux's second of 2017 across all competitions, as they recorded one goal while on loan with San Antonio FC (USL). Herivaux recorded the Revolution's game-winning goal in the Fourth Round of the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, when they scored the latest game-winning goal in club history (103') to defeat the Carolina RailHawks, 1-0.
Fagundez Makes Revolution All-Time Leading 13th Open Cup Appearance
With their substitute appearance in the 71 st minute of tonight's match, midfielder Diego Fagundez surpassed Andy Dorman, Jay Heaps, and Chris Tierney for the most games played in club history in the U.S. Open Cup with 13.
minute of tonight's match, midfielder surpassed Andy Dorman, Jay Heaps, and for the most games played in club history in the U.S. Open Cup with 13. Heaps was a member of all three Revolution teams that advanced to the Open Cup final, starting four games for the cup-winning team in 2007 and serving as head coach for the 2016 squad that reached the championship game.
Herivaux, Smith Return from Loan for Open Cup Play
Midfielder Zachary Herivaux and defender Donnie Smith returned to the Revolution from their respective loan stints ahead of New England's run in the 2017 U.S. Open Cup.
and defender returned to the Revolution from their respective loan stints ahead of New England's run in the 2017 U.S. Open Cup. Herivaux returned from San Antonio FC (USL) where they have made five appearances, including two starts, and scored one goal to date.
Smith is back in New England from the Charlotte Independence (USL) where they have made four starts this season, playing 90 minutes in each appearance.
Revolution Play Mixture of Veterans, Younger Players
The Revolution starting lineup included three players that have started at least five games this season in defenders Andrew Farrell and Josh Smith , and midfielder Scott Caldwell .
and , and midfielder . Forward Brian Wright made their debut across all competitions for the Revolution in tonight's match. New England's first selection (20th overall) in the 2017 MLS SuperDraft started and played 90 minutes at forward in tonight's contest. Wright made their professional debut with the Tulsa Roughnecks (USL) earlier this season.
GAME CAPSULE
Referee: Henrik Karlsson
Assistant Referees: Claudio Badea (AR1), Amilcar Sicaju (AR2)
Fourth Official: Randall Kelley
Weather: 65 Degrees and Clear
Attendance: 1,663
Scoring Summary:
NE – Teal Bunbury 1 (Penalty Kick) 44'
NE – Donnie Smith 1 (Daigo Kobayashi 1) 50'
NE – Zachary Herivaux 1 (Unassisted) 51'
Misconduct Summary:
ROC – Joseph Farrell (Yellow Card – Unsporting Behavior) 24'
ROC – Joseph Farrell (Red Card – Unsporting Behavior) 40'
NE – London Woodberry (Yellow Card – Unsporting Behavior) 62'
New England Revolution: Brad Knighton; Donnie Smith, Josh Smith, London Woodberry, Andrew Farrell (Kelyn Rowe 61'); Scott Caldwell © (Gershon Koffie 61'); Femi Hollinger-Janzen, Daigo Kobayashi (Diego Fagundez 73'), Zachary Herivaux, Teal Bunbury; Brian Wright
Substitutes Not Used: Matt Turner, Benjamin Angoua, Lee Nguyen, Juan Agudelo
Rochester Rhinos: Tomas Gomez; Ryan Felix, Joseph Farrell, Todd Pratzner, Jordan Dover; Sofiane Tergou, Wal Fall, Ryan James (Bradley Kamdem Fewo 61'), Brandon Beresford (Stefan Defregger 61'); Kenardo Forbes © (Michael Garzi 73'), Darius Madison
Substitutes Not Used: Jochen Graf, Jalen Brown, Samuel Edoung-Biyo, Dan Lynd
(Adds background)
WASHINGTON May 1 U.S. President Donald Trump will speak by telephone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday at 12:30 p.m. EDT (1630 GMT), the White House said on Monday night.
A senior Trump administration official said the two leaders would likely discuss the civil war in Syria, where Moscow backs the government of Bashar al-Assad and the United States supports rebels trying to overthrow him.
Trump ordered an air strike on a Syrian air base last month in retaliation for a deadly poison gas attack on civilians they blamed on Assad's government.
Russia denied the Syrian government was responsible for the sarin attack, which killed 90 people.
Trump said after the cruise missile attack that the United States' relationship with Moscow "may be at an all-time low."
(Reporting by Eric Beech and Steve Holland; Editing by Sandra Maler and Peter Cooney)
With those numbers, Indy has predictably blown six leads — four in which it had double-digit leads in the second half.
But the latest blow really stung.
After Jacoby Brissett's successful conversion pass to Jack Doyle appeared to give the Colts an 8-7 lead with 1:16 left in regulation, Indy thought it finally succeeded in turning the corner.
Instead a late flag was thrown, the play was negated and Adam Vinatieri had to make a 43-yard extra point in blizzard conditions just to tie the score. Then they lost 13-7 in overtime . The impact was still being felt 24 hours later.
"I'm still trying to thaw out a little bit," rookie running back and Florida native Marlon Mack said. "I'm still a little cold."
The biggest issue might be recovery time.
Pagano said the weather conditions probably took more out of their players than normal and that some had "dead legs," hardly an ideal situation for a team facing a Thursday night home game against Denver (4-9). Even Gore , who had a career-high 36 carries, acknowledged he'd play it safe this week.
"I'll try to give my legs some rest this week," the 34-year-old running back said. "I'll get some massages at the hotel or whatever I need."
Of course the best remedy for all of this would be a win.
Still, it would only provide solace in an already lost season.
The four-game losing streak is the longest in Pagano's six-year tenure with the Colts.
Indy has been eliminated from playoff contention and the three-year post-season drought is the franchise's longest since a seven-year run from 1988-94.
Logically, the focus turns to Pagano's future in Indianapolis for the third straight year.
"You know what you got into. It's all I've known forever," they said. "The shelf life for these jobs is not long. You know what I mean?"
When asked about being one of the league's longest-tenured coaches, Pagano quipped: "I'm the grandfather of the (AFC) South."
But if the Colts can finish strong, it would at least help them cope with the looming long, busy off-season.
"No, we're not making the playoffs, but there are still games to be played and plays to be made," rookie cornerback Quincy Wilson said. "And that's what we're going out there to do."
NOTES: Kelly and cornerback Rashaan Melvin (hand) both practiced Monday. Kelly hasn't been cleared to play yet. Melvin worked with a club cast on their injured hand. ... Receiver Donte Moncrief is listed week to week with an injured ankle.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Michael Marot, The Associated Press
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mohamed Salah scored twice as Liverpool took a big step towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 win over AS Roma in their semi-final, first leg at Anfield.
Two late Roma goals, however, will give the Italians, who fought back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the previous round, some hope of an upset in the return game next Wednesday.
Two superbly taken goals from Salah against their former club gave Juergen Klopp's side a 2-0 lead at half-time before Liverpool ripped Roma apart after the break.
A Sadio Mane goal and then two Roberto Firmino goals put Liverpool 5-0 up and Klopp felt comfortable enough to take off Salah, who had been outstanding.
Yet Edin Dzeko struck for the visitors in the 81st minute and four minutes later Diego Perotti converted a penalty as Roma showed they are still a threat with a late rally which may yet give Jurgen Klopp's side a nervous 90 minutes at the Stadio Olimpico next week.
Another downside was a knee injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who left the pitch on a stretcher with their head in their hands and their knee in a brace to put their England World Cup in some doubt.
Bayern Munich and Real Madrid meet in the other semi-final on Wednesday.
The Blue Jackets also lost at home on Friday to San Jose and have dropped six of their last eight. They are one point ahead of the Islanders in the closely bunched Metropolitan Division race.
Nick Leddy and Josh Bailey also scored for the Islanders, who won for the first time in three games since the All-Star break. They lost the first two by combined 9-1 margin against Florida and Toronto.
Josh Anderson and Cam Atkinson also scored for Columbus. Korpisalo finished with 34 saves.
Late in the second, Foligno swooped down on Halak after Oliver Bjorkstrand sent them a perfect pass from the defensive zone and slid a backhand along the ice past Halak with 1:57 left for their 10th goal of the season.
Foligno was frustrated by the outcome especially considering their team's strong beginning.
"We have lapses that don't allow us to take over games," they said. "I loved our first. We were aggressive and dictated the pace. But we allowed them back in the third and we didn't have an answer."
Bailey had put the Islanders up 2-1 at 11:14 of the second with their 13th goal.
Atkinson quickly tied it at 12:36 when they rifled the puck by Halak after linemate Artemi Panarin intercepted the puck from Islanders defenceman Scott Mayfield. Panarin, acquired from Chicago last June, leads the Blue Jackets in assists with 29 and points with 42.
Atkinson's eighth goal of the season extended their points streak to four games.
Anderson opened the scoring for Columbus at 6:12 of the first period with their 16th of the season on the power play. Dubois and Jussi Jokinen had assists on the first career power-play goal for the 23-year-old Anderson who has 34 career goals.
Leddy's point shot with 2:22 left in the first eluded Korpisalo to knot the score at 1. John Tavares and Mathew Barzal recorded assists on Leddy's seventh goal and their first in 30 games. Leddy's previous tally came Nov. 24 against Philadelphia.
But the hero of the night was clearly Halak, who has faced barrage most nights in recent weeks. The Islanders have allowed more than 40 shots five times in their last nine games and more than 30 shots in 19 straight contests.
"I'm tired," the 32-year-old goalie said. "I need to get some sleep."
Columbus won the previous two meetings between the teams in Ohio by a combined score of 11-4. The teams meet once more on Feb. 13 at Barclays Center.
NOTES: The Islanders are 12-1-0 on Saturdays and they are 24-6-2 when scoring at least three goals. ... The Islanders scratched forwards Alan Quine and Ross Johnston plus defenceman Sebastian Aho. ... Columbus scratched forward Markus Hannikainen and defencemen Scott Harrington and Cameron Gaunce.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host Nashville on Monday night.
Blue Jackets: Host Washington on Tuesday night.
By Allan Kreda, The Associated Press
Kris Jenner is moving a little closer to daughter Kim Kardashian West and son-in-law Kanye West.
The KarJenner matriarch, 62, recently purchased a new home in Hidden Hills, California, just across the street from their daughter, PEOPLE confirms.
Jenner's new home, which they bought for $9,925,000, features six bedrooms, eight baths, a theater, a gym and sits on 1.28 acres of land, according to Compass realty. A sprawling outdoor area boasts a swimming pool and a large backyard for their five grandchildren (and counting!).
The theater room is a relaxed space which currently features a large projection screen with blackout curtains – perfect for the movie-loving family.
Theater Compass
The open-plan living room has enormous pocket doors that open out onto the outside patio for seamless indoor/outdoor living and entertaining.
Living room Compass
Kitchen Compass
Jenner's new kitchen flows off the living room. The island has marble top with hardwood cabinets. Multiple sinks and prepping areas also make it easy to prepare meals for the whole family.
Breakfast nook Compass
Bar/Den Compass
A breakfast nook with eight table settings is perfect for Jenner's large and expanding family, while a bar and den also provide a comfortable setting for Kardashian-Jenner gatherings.
Bedroom Compass
Walk-in closet Compass
Bathroom Compass
The master bedroom is sunlight and spacious with a seating area and a wide window with a view to the backyard.
The walk-in closet has plenty of space for the momager's designer duds.
This is not the first time Kris, their daughter and son-in-law have lived in close proximity with the couple living with Jenner for close to three years while they renovated their now-sold Bel-Air home. The couple is now renovating their Hidden Hills.
Having Jenner nearby will certainly be helpful in the coming months when West and Kardashian West welcome their third child – who is being carried to term by a surrogate.
Jenner's other daughters, Khloé Kardashian and Kylie Jenner, are also expecting their first children with their respective boyfriends, Tristan Thompson and Travis Scott.
With a soon-to-be full house, Jenner is likely preparing for multiple visits from their loved one's next year, while also seeking to be closer to their kids.
SUDBURY, Ont. — Police say a drug seizure in northern Ontario resulted in the arrest of a man suspected of murder in Belize, as well as other crimes in Toronto.
The Greater Sudbury Police Service says the man was arrested on Friday as part of a drug bust at a local home.
A check on the man's identity, which was not released, found they were wanted for a number of alleged crimes further afield.
They say he's wanted in Belize on one count of first-degree murder, but did not provide details of the case.
ROME Italy posted a state sector budget deficit of 22.9 billion euros (19.55 billion pounds) in March, an increase of around 2 billion euros (1.71 billion pounds) compared with the same month last year, the Treasury said on Monday.
In the first quarter of the year, the deficit was running at 29.0 billion euros, around 2.65 billion higher than the deficit registered for the same period of 2016, it said in a statement.
The state sector borrowing requirement (SSBR), a measure of the gap between central government spending and income, differs from the broader "general government" accounts, which the European Union Stability and Growth Pact refers to when assessing countries' deficit performances.
Italy aims to marginally trim its general government deficit this year to 2.3 percent of gross domestic product from 2.4 percent last year, remaining inside European Union's 3 percent ceiling.
However, the European Commission says Italy needs faster deficit reduction to bring down its huge public debt of around 133 percent of gross domestic product, the highest in the euro zone after Greece's.
In response to the Commission's requests, Italy has promised to present around 3.4 billion euros of extra deficit cuts for this year before the end of April.
(Reporting By Gavin Jones)
Kuala Lumpur: Visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had a "productive exchange of views" during a meeting with their newly-elected Malaysian counterpart Mahathir Mohamad here on Thursday.
"The two leaders had a productive exchange of views on strengthening our strategic partnership," Indian External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Raveesh Kumar tweeted.
"PM congratulated Dr. Mahathir on assuming the post of Prime Minister of Malaysia," Kumar said.
Mahathir, who governed Malaysia for more than two decades, became, at the age of 92, the world's oldest elected leader earlier this month.
Modi arrived here from Indonesia earlier in the day for a brief stopover before leaving for Singapore on their three-nation tour of southeast Asia.
Mauritius Union Group goes web-scale with Nutanix
The Mauritius Union Group (MUA), a financial services company based in Mauritius, recently replaced its core IT infrastructure with the Nutanix Enterprise Cloud OS software, enabling the company to incorporate storage, networking and compute in a single infrastructure stack while dramatically improving uptime and reducing TCO.
The company first turned to the potential of hyperconvergence as an alternative to continual investment into siloed and three-tiered legacy systems, as a result of needs to consistently integrate the legacy environments from merges and acquisitions over the last ten years.
“Deploying Nutanix was a simple, out-of-the-box experience, it was just so easy to deploy and now subsequently to manage, as a result of Nutanix Prism. We were up and running in just one day thanks to our technology partner, Secure Services (Mauritius) Ltd,” adds Rishi Sewnundun, head of IS at MUA.
“With Nutanix, it has become easier to set up high availability applications and handle failures seamlessly without any disruptions. We are now able to complete box-to-box synchronous replication of VMs, as opposed to the multiple products we used in the past to achieve the same result.”
The move to a web-scale environment enabled MUA to streamline its highly virtualised environment, as well as alleviate the bandwidth pressures it was feeling on its network. Furthermore, with Nutanix the company has been able to improve performance and reduce management complexity.
“We initially investigated myriad offerings on the market from various vendors after extensive testing of these various technologies, we realised that Nutanix Acropolis hypervisor (AHV) performed exceptionally well in many areas than its peers and was the obvious choice. Migration from XenServer to AHV was also smooth, sometimes with minimal modification to the OVA file,” they say.
The Enterprise Cloud OS software has been built on Cisco UCS, a standard hardware in its offices in Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda. Furthermore, the IT team from MUA makes use of the Nutanix Prism dashboard, which has streamlined their view of the infrastructure into a single interface – saving them from the multiple appliance consoles and system dashboards they were reliant on in the past.
“We migrated over 50 VMs in just one week with zero downtime and that included the five IBM Domino mail servers for the entire Group. We also immediately saw notable performance improvements accessing the data centre and log on times for the Citrix XenDesktop environment, which was reduced by 14 seconds per session,” they add.
Leveraging the Acropolis Filesystem (AFS) allowed Mauritius Union to move user profiles and shared files off of its storage environment, as well as build user specific quotas, something it has wanted to do for many years. The team has also been able to improve its own VM and storage provisioning service delivery thanks to Prism.
“We have also seen a direct impact on our Manex as we have been able to reduce the expensive support needed on the traditional IT infrastructure. Nutanix is without a doubt the best investment we have made so far, not just on the infrastructure components, but on the entire Nutanix software stack. We initially set out to deploy a hyperconverged solution and ended up with a whole lot more than that. In fact, it gave us a fully web-scale solution when everyone is still just talking about starting with hyperconvergence,” ends Sewnundun.
“Many African countries are looking to the cloud as a means to better solve infrastructure problems without the exorbitant costs of hardware. Mauritius Union Group truly are leading the charge by embracing a web-scale / cloud environment that ultimately provides them infinite scalability at a fraction of the cost,” states Paul Ruinaard, Country Manager, Sub-Saharan Africa at Nutanix.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
FILE PHOTO - Hurricane Matthew is pictured along the southeastern U.S. coast by NASA's NOAA's GOES-East satellite at 7:45 a.m. EDT on on October 8, 2016. Courtesy NASA/NOAA GOES Project/Handout via REUTERS
The upcoming Atlantic Ocean hurricane season could include at least three severe tempests, but will likely involve fewer storms than usual overall, private forecaster AccuWeather predicted on Wednesday.
Meteorologists with AccuWeather are crediting a weather phenomenon in the Pacific Ocean - known as El Niño - with creating conditions that will result in a fewer number of hurricanes than usual in the Atlantic.
El Niño, characterized by warmer-than-normal temperatures in the Pacific, can bring a rainy year for California, but cause other areas to experience drought.
Yet the strong westerly winds that the phenomenon creates in the tropical areas of the Atlantic Ocean can slow the development of hurricanes, AccuWeather said in a report released early on Wednesday.
"We now believe El Niño will come on board sometime during the summer and will continue all the way through the rest of the hurricane season,” AccuWeather Meteorologist Dan Kottlowski said in the report.
The hurricane season, which begins on June 1 and continues through Nov. 30, will likely produce about ten storms large enough to be given names by meteorologists, the weather service said, fewer than the 15 named storms that swept through the Atlantic last season, threatening the U.S. East Coast as well as coastal regions and islands further south.
Of the ten storms, about half could develop into hurricanes - three of them large enough to be considered major hurricanes, AccuWeather said.
At least one could be what meteorologists call a high-impact storm, similar to last year's Hurricane Matthew, which the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said was directly responsible for 585 deaths.
Last year's hurricane season was the deadliest in over ten years for the Atlantic basin, AccuWeather added.
During 2016, hurricanes were directly responsible for a total of 687 deaths, NOAA said.
(Reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento, California; editing by G Crosse)
Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid stands in the way of Neymar's Paris Saint-Germain after the big-spending duo were drawn together in the tie of the round in the Champions League last 16
Published 11:57 AM, December 12, 2017
PARIS, France - Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid stands in the way of Neymar's Paris Saint-Germain after the big-spending duo were drawn together in the tie of the round in the Champions League last 16 on Monday, December 11.
But there were mixed fortunes for England's 5 representatives, a record number of clubs from one country to make the last 16, with Chelsea handed a daunting clash with Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur getting Juventus.
Two-time defending champions Madrid are looking to become the first club since Bayern Munich in the mid-1970s to win the European Cup 3 years running.
After finishing second in their group to Tottenham, Zinedine Zidane's side were one of the teams that PSG - themselves group winners - would have hoped to avoid.
They could have drawn the likes of Basel or FC Porto, but PSG coach Unai Emery said: "I don't think it's the worst draw possible. I think we are of a level where we can play against Real Madrid."
PSG came a cropper at the hands of Barcelona at the same stage last season, winning 4-0 at home in the first leg only to fall apart and lose 6-1 in the return at the Camp Nou.
Emilio Butragueno, the former Real striker who is now a club director, regretted that one of the favorites would be eliminated so early in the competition.
"Luck has worked out this way and one of the two teams will be out at the last-16 stage, which we think is a bit soon taking into account they are two of the contenders for the title," Butragueno told beIN Sports Spain.
PSG strengthened following their Barcelona debacle by signing Brazilian star Neymar for a world-record 222 million euros ($261.5 million) from the Catalans and pipping Madrid to the signature of Monaco prodigy Kylian Mbappe.
"Every summer they have signed great players, they get stronger all the time and they have had a nearly impeccable group stage," Butragueno said.
The first leg will be on Wednesday, February 14 at the Santiago Bernabeu, where Real beat Paris 1-0 in the group stage two years ago.
Chelsea face familiar foes
Chelsea, the only Premier League club not to win their group, were drawn against a Barcelona side who have been familiar foes in the competition down the years.
Their most recent meeting came in the 2012 semi-finals when the London side went on to win the title. They will meet in the first leg at Stamford Bridge on February 20.
"They are a physically strong team that work very hard on the tactical side of the game and are well-organized," Barcelona coach Ernesto Valverde said of Antonio Conte's men.
Pep Guardiola's Manchester City, the Premier League leaders, were handed a favorable draw in the shape of Basel.
However, the Swiss champions have enjoyed some fine results against English sides in recent years, and beat Manchester United last month.
"We have to respect FC Basel and we have to be careful," said City director of football Txiki Begiristain.
Jose Mourinho's United drew Sevilla, while Liverpool and newly-crowed African Player of the Year Mohamed Salah will take on Porto, but last season's runners-up Juventus were Tottenham's reward for topping their group ahead of Madrid.
"Wembley awaits us, one of the sacred temples of this sport," said Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri on Twitter, with the second leg in London on March 7.
"Spurs are young and talented but if we (play like) Juve, we will make it!"
The other Italian club to qualify were Roma, who topped Group C ahead of Chelsea and were handed a tie with Shakhtar Donetsk of Ukraine.
Meanwhile, five-time winners and current Bundesliga leaders Bayern avoided some of the bigger names as they were paired with Besiktas.
The Turkish club won home and away against another German club in RB Leipzig in the group stage, so Bayern will not underestimate a side who are on their best run since reaching the European Cup quarter-finals in 1986-87.
"We know how strong they are after we followed their games against Leipzig. It will be a difficult task, but we are looking forward to the unusual atmosphere in their stadium," said Bavaria sporting director Hasan Salihamdzic.
This season's final takes place in Kiev on May 26. – Rappler.com
The Tragically Hip and Vincent van Gogh deliver a one-two punch opening night, on Friday the 13th. "Loving Vincent" (7 p.m.) is an extraordinary undertaking — the world's first fully-painted feature film, 65,000 frames hand-painted by 115 professional oil-painters, including local artist Valerie Fulford. The effect is dazzling. "Loving Vincent" took the Audience Award at this year's Annecy International Animated Film Festival, and best animation honours at the Shanghai Film Festival.
The festival's biggest draw is sure to be "Long Time Running," (9:30 p.m.), the documentary of The Tragically Hip's emotional 2016 tour, which premièred last month to rave reviews at the Toronto International Film Festival. It'll be hard for Hip fans to hold back the tears, but directors Jennifer Baichwal and Nicholas de Pencier manage to inject a sense of triumph against all odds into the project. If you don't have tickets, get them fast. This will surely sell out.
Opening night also marks the start of the 24 Hour Film Challenge, in which local artists, filmmakers compete to see who can make the best movie in just one day. The final products will be screened Oct. 21, 8 p.m., at Collective Arts Brewing.
Harry Dean Stanton and other big names
There's plenty of star power beneath the art house feel of the festival. Among the must-sees this year is "Lucky," (Wednesday, Oct. 18, 9:45 p.m., LAC) Harry Dean Stanton's final starring role. The grizzle-faced character actor, who died last month at the age of 91, plays a "fiercely independent 90-year-old atheist on a journey of self-exploration." Sound familiar?
Cate Blanchett pushes their talents to the limit in "Manifesto," (Tuesday, Oct. 17, 9 p.m., LAC) a multi-screen video installation by Julian Rosefeldt in which the Oscar-winning actor plays 13 different characters portraying a dozen different artist manifestos. Spider-Man star Kirsten Dunst stars in "Woodshock," (Saturday, Oct. 21, 8 p.m., LAC), the debut thriller by fashion designers Kate and Laura Mulleavy, the founders of the Rodarte line. "Woodshock" was released in late September to mostly negative reviews for being more concerned with style than plot. Other big name pictures include "Viceroy's House" (Thursday, Oct. 19, 1 p.m., Cineplex Cinemas Ancaster), a 2017 British-Indian period piece portraying the last days of imperial rule in India, starring Gillian Anderson and Hugh Bonneville.
Documentaries
What would a film festival be without some enlightening documentaries? "Citizen Jane: Battle for the City" (Saturday, Oct. 14, 4 p.m., LAC) chronicles urban activist Jane Jacobs' fight during the '60s to save New York City neighbourhoods from the development plans of city power broker Robert Moses. "Dawson City: Frozen Time" (Sunday, Oct. 22, 7 p.m., AGH Annex) offers a glimpse into the 553 otherwise lost silent films from the early 1900s that were found in a Yukon landfill. Space buffs will enjoy "The Last Man on the Moon" (Thursday, Oct. 19, 7 p.m., LAC), the story of astronaut Eugene Cernan's second trip to the moon in 1972, and the final Apollo mission. "Whose Streets?" (Saturday, Oct. 21, 4 p.m., AGH Annex) is a timely analysis of the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown and the uprising that followed in the streets of Ferguson, Missouri.
Indigenous
Thanks to community partner Hamilton Aboriginal Health Centre, this year's festival contains a treasure trove of Indigenous work, starting with "Rumble: The Indians who Rocked the World" (Saturday, Oct. 14, 7 p.m., LAC), which documents the huge contribution native artists have made to the history of popular music. "Rumble," a hit wherever it has played, recounts the stories of Link Wray, Robbie Robertson, Buffy Sainte Marie, Charley Patton, Jesse Ed Davis and Jimi Hendrix. "Colonization Road" (Monday, Oct. 16, 7 p.m., LAC) follows Anishinaabe comedian and commentator Ryan McMahon as they return to their hometown of Fort Francis, Ont., to confront issues of reconciliation and decolonization. "The Road Forward" (Monday, Oct. 16, 5 p.m., LAC) is a history of First Nations' activism, from the 1930s to today. Six Nations' artist Shelley Niro directed "Kissed by Lightning" (Thursday, Oct. 19, 7 p.m., Art Gallery of Hamilton), a drama exploring the loss of native traditions and the role of women in keeping them alive.
Comedy
Even highbrow festival goers need to laugh and this year's lineup gives them plenty of opportunities, starting with the slapstick French bit of madness called "Lost in Paris" (Monday, Oct. 16 at 1 p.m., Cineplex Cinemas Ancaster). Foodies will love "The Trip to Spain" (Tuesday, Oct. 17, 7 p.m., LAC, and Wednesday, Oct. 18 at 1 p.m., Cineplex Cinemas Ancaster), starring British actors Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon who maintain a stream of witty repartee while eating and drinking their way through the dining rooms of Spain. Penelope Cruz stars in
"The Queen of Spain" (Saturday, Oct. 14, 1:30 p.m., LAC), about a Hollywood star who returns home to film an historical drama about Isabella I. Old friends and the Franco dictatorship intervene.
Cult Night
Beer and cult films blend together Friday, Oct. 20, at Collective Arts Brewing with screenings of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (10 p.m.) and "Mean Girls" (8 p.m.). Feel free to throw toilet rolls at Dr. Scott during "Rocky Horror" and boo/hiss at uber-Plastic mean girl Rachel McAdams. You may also want to cheer for Lindsay Lohan … or not.
Award Winners
Curator Ferguson is particularly proud of having two prize winners from this year's Cannes Film Festival in the lineup. "BPM (120 Battements par Minute)" took home the Grand Prix, while "The Square" won the coveted Palme d'Or. "BPM" (Sunday, Oct. 15, 5 p.m., LAC) is a French dramatization of the Paris Act Up protests of the 1990s. "The Square" (Sunday, Oct. 15, 8 p.m., LAC) is an outrageous Swedish satire of postmodern art and the lengths art gallery curators will go to promote it. The film features actors Elisabeth Moss and Dominic West.
There are more, like "Insyriated," an Arabic language drama demonstrating life for a family trapped in their home in war-torn Damascus; "Novitiate," about the life of aspiring nuns at an isolated Catholic school in 1964; and "Redoubtable," a comedy/drama focusing on director Jean-Luc Godard's political awakening during the Paris student protests of 1968.
But we don't have room to list them all, so visit the website artgalleryofhamilton.com for a complete schedule.
grockingham@thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @RockatTheSpec
Kacy, a first baseman, was selected by the Blue Jays in the eighth round of last year's MLB Draft.
They started the year with the Lansing Lugnuts and is now with single-A Dunedin of the Florida State League.
KEN GRIFFEY SR., KEN GRIFFEY JR.
The Griffeys made history in 1990 when they became the first father and son to take the field at the same time as teammates.
Batting second for the Seattle Mariners, Griffey Sr., hit a single against Kansas City Royals pitcher Storm Davis and Griffey Jr., followed with a single of their own.
They topped that a couple weeks later by hitting back-to-back homers against California Angels starter Kirk McCaskill.
CECIL FIELDER, PRINCE FIELDER
Cecil Fielder had eye-popping power at the plate and their son Prince was no different.
Both reached the 50-home run plateau (Cecil in 1990, Prince in 2007) and both cleared the 300-homer mark for their careers.
Cecil, a three-time all-star, spent parts of four seasons with the Blue Jays before blossoming with the Detroit Tigers in the 1990s.
Prince spent the first half of their career in Milwaukee but also had two all-star seasons with the Tigers.
CRAIG BIGGIO, CAVAN BIGGIO
Craig Biggio spent two decades in the big leagues. The Toronto Blue Jays are hoping their son Cavan will also enjoy a long career at the top level.
Cavan, a fifth-round pick in 2016, is enjoying a strong season at double-A New Hampshire.
The hype may be focused on teammates Vladimir Guerrero, Jr., and Bo Bichette, but Biggio is quietly hovering around the top of the league in several offensive categories.
Craig Biggio, a seven-time all-star, played their entire career with the Houston Astros.
———
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
By Gregory Strong, The Canadian Press
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - John Cryan is “not yet satisfied” with Deutsche Bank's results, following a third consecutive annual net loss. They can say that again. Last month's profit warning meant investors knew what was coming, but Deutsche still managed to give them an unpleasant surprise.
Cryan has some positives to cling to. A 29 percent fourth-quarter drop year-on-year in fixed income sales and trading revenues was better than some U.S. peers. Last year, Cryan managed to strip out an impressive 900 million euros in core costs. The bank made a 1.28 billion euro pre-tax profit compared to a pre-tax loss last year, albeit due to lower impairments and litigation expenses. And a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 14 percent is well in excess of a 13 percent target, hinting that shareholders may be able to expect meaningful resumption of dividends this year, particularly if the planned partial listing of the lender's asset management division occurs.
The problem remains a lack of top-line growth. Including equities, Citi analysts reckon combined quarterly sales and trading revenue underperformed U.S. peers year-on-year. Poor results from the investment bank were expected. But annual revenues were flat at the private and commercial bank and increased by just 2 percent at the showpiece asset management division, even allowing for lost income from “strategic disposals”.
In this light, the abandonment of the group cost target adds a blow upon a bruise. Cryan now aims for 23 billion euros in adjusted costs in 2018 versus 22 billion euros guided previously, thanks to changes in timing to planned disposals. Deutsche said this will be “more than offset” by retaining those assets' revenue streams. That is cold comfort, however, if the pernicious trend of revenue falling faster than costs continues. Even stripping out Deutsche's myriad one-offs, adjusted costs fell by 4 percent year-on-year compared to adjusted revenues declining by 5 percent.
The result is a near one-fifth decline in tangible book value over the year. After a 6 percent decline on Friday the bank's shares traded at around half book value. Until top-line growth recovers, such a discount will persist.
There's obviously plenty of competition between Jared Goff and Carson Wentz, who were taken first and second overall in the 2016 NFL Draft, but there's also a friendship between them. The two got to know each other well leading up to last year's draft.
On Sunday, they faced each other for the first time, and the duel lived up to the hype — until it was cut short when Wentz suffered a knee injury that could end their season.
Goff said after the game that they texted Wentz when they learned about the quarterback's injury, saying he's praying for the best.
Jared Goff said they sent a text to Carson Wentz after they heard report of torn ACL, said he's praying for the best for Wentz. — Rich Hammond (@Rich_Hammond) December 11, 2017
Mutual respect between players is nothing new, but there's clearly a strong connection between these two, given the fact that they entered the NFL atop the same draft. They both have great potential at quarterback, and if even Wentz's season is over, they could face each other in postseasons to come.
Mrs. Ocean Springs 2018 Karen Horn spoke to the seventh and eighth graders at Ocean Springs Middle School about bullying.
April 12 Camel Group Co Ltd :
* Says it issued 717 million yuan worth of convertible corporate bonds, each with par value and an issue price of 100 yuan
* Says bonds are with a term of six years, and will be matured on March 23, 2023
* Coupon rate for each year is 0.3 pct, 0.5 pct, 1.0 pct, 1.3 pct, 1.5 pct and 1.8 pct
* Initial conversion price is 16.78 yuan per share
* Pacific Securities served as the main underwriters
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/PhakMA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Thursday sought the central government's response on a petition challenging notification banning the sale of cattle for slaughtering.
While issuing notice, the vacation bench of Justice R.K. Agrawal and Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul gave the central government two weeks' time to respond to the petition by a Hyderabad-based advocate.
The court directed the listing of the matter on July 11.
As Additional Solicitor General P.S. Narasimha wanted to make a statement on the intent behind the two notifications issued on May 23, the bench asked them to say all this in response.
The petitioner has also challenged the other notification regulating the transportation of cattle.
VINCENNES, Ind. (WTHI) The city park, it's a place to relax and enjoy yourself.
Scroll for more content...
Vincennes park superintendent Steve Beamon says, "We have so many people who go to our parks and have lunch. Take their kids out there to Rainbow Beach. They're on their phones, on their tablets."
Technology mixing in with nature. It's something Beamon may not have seen coming when they started with the parks in 2005.
Beamon says, "Well you know you go back thirteen years ago and things were a lot differently technology wise. I mean it's hard to say that but things expand and change so quickly."
But the city is changing with the times. Adding wifi to their four parks and the riverwalk.
Vincennes city councilman Tim Salters explains, "When you go around, what do people look for like in restaurants, hotels, and those things? Hey, where's the wifi? Can I click on and get on some wifi. So hopefully this will help increase those types of things. Get more people out there. And just make things better for the citizens of Vincennes."
The startup cost is $2,000. This comes from the city's promotion fund.
Salter says, "When you hear about projects recently. You know there are a lot of projects that cost a lot of money. And to be able to say that around $2,000 we're going to be able to provide wifi in every park in the city of Vincennes. I mean that's a pretty good deal."
A deal that Beamon is happy to see.
Beamon says, "When you're out and about especially in your parks, the riverwalk, and downtown things like that. You kind of expect those things. Now being able to provide those at a really nice cost for the city I think is huge."
Helping gives the city a digital step forward
Tesla CEO Elon Musk reportedly told workers to stop performing a critical brake test on Model 3 cars as the company rushed to meet a self-imposed milestone of 5,000 cars produced per week.
As electric-car manufacturer Tesla rushed to meet their self-imposed milestone of 5,000 Model 3 cars produced per week, CEO Elon Musk reportedly told workers to stop performing a critical brake test on cars. According to Business Insider, Musk told employees working on Model 3 cars in the company's factory in Fremont, California, to stop performing a “brake and roll” test on the cars.
A Tesla insider stated that testing was shut down before 3:00 a.m. on June 26, but was not aware of how long the test was halted for or why it was halted in the first place. An industry insider told Business Insider that the brake and roll test is a critical part of vehicle testing which ensures that the car's wheels are correctly aligned and that brakes are functioning properly.
Tesla representative Dave Arnold told Business Insider that every Tesla car goes through “rigorous quality checks” but when asked if Elon Musk had ordered the shutdown of brake tests himself, Arnold stated: “I don't have anything further beyond the statement.”
Business Insider included a photo of Tesla's internal production system, which can be seen below:
Business Insider notes:
The far-left column shows what step the car has reached in the manufacturing process and what tasks must be done there. The two key columns here are the ones labeled “critical” and “blocking.” According to an employee at the company, they show it is apparently no longer necessary for the car to undergo this test before it leaves this step of the manufacturing process. On the far right are all the descriptions of the tasks that should be performed at this station. However, since the criticality and blocking are off, the car can leave the station whether those tasks are performed or not, the employee said. It's not clear how many cars, if any, have left the station without doing this test.
A Tesla employee also disputed the company's claim that they had produced 5,000 Model 3's in one week, claiming that the company likely reached its goal by finishing cars that had been taken off the production line the week previously but were held back for rework, and then preparing those cars for factory gating and counting them towards the 5,000 Model 3's produced that week.
Arnold disagreed with the employee's claims saying: “A small number of cars are built during a week but factory-gated the following week, just as a small number of cars built the prior week may not be factory-gated until the following week. Both of those points are true for this last week of production, just as it is true every week. We are reporting our production numbers the same way as we always have.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A federal magistrate judge has ordered officials to defend the arrest of an undocumented immigrant who has protection from deportation during a raid last week, BuzzFeed News has learned.
Daniel Ramirez was detained by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in Seattle, Washington, on Feb. 10 and threatened with deportation despite being a recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA, a lawsuit filed on Monday alleges.
On Tuesday, Magistrate Judge James Donohue asked the Department of Homeland Security and other respondents to address by Thursday morning whether Ramirez was still being detained and, if so, why, given that they were granted deferred action under DACA.
Donohue also asked federal officials to address whether Ramirez has been placed in removal proceedings, questions about any possible bond hearing for Ramirez, and what the court's authority is to order an Immigration Judge and the Board of Immigration Appeals to act.
A hearing on the matter was set for Friday.
“If petitioner is still detained and removal proceedings have not been initiated against him, what is the basis for ICE's authority to detain him?” Donohue asked. “What limitations are there, if any, on the Court's ability to hold a detention hearing for petitioner before the merits of their habeas petition have been decided?”
If you're looking for a job Ingalls is hiring!
The shipbuilder today hosted a job fair at its training center.
And it was a packed house.
Taren Reed spoke to a college student hoping to jump start their career.
The Disco Prophets will be bringing their brand of funky disco to Nottingham on New Year's Eve.
Featuring music from the 70s and 80s to the present day, the celebrations to mark the end of 2017 will take place at two city locations, firstly at Nottingham Castle, then The Pitcher & Piano. Entry to both is free.
From 7.30pm, The Disco Prophets will perform live on the Bandstand at Nottingham Castle and get everyone dancing to their disco funk beats, as part of Nottingham City Council's New Year's celebrations. The performance will be followed by a firework display for kids and family in the castle grounds.
From 10pm, The Disco Prophets will perform live sets of uber-funky disco-inspired dance music, either side of midnight at The Pitcher & Piano in the Lace Market. This promises to be one of the most stylish places to greet the New Year for all bar flies, clubbers, diners, dancers and party lovers.
SIR Frank Lowy's famous Westfield Corporation is set to be taken over by European shopping centre giant in a takeover deal said to be worth $32.7 billion.
Unibail-Rodamco will take over the ASX-listed company to create a global property giant with 104 malls in 27 retail markets around the world.
The Lowy family said it intends to maintain an investment in the combined group.
Westfield chairperson Sir Frank Lowy said the deal was “the culmination of the strategic journey Westfield has been on since its 2014 restructure”.
“We see this transaction as highly compelling for Westfield's security holders and Unibail-Rodamco's shareholders alike,” Sir Frank said.
Camera Icon Australian-Israeli business person Frank Lowy, chairperson of the Westfield Corporation, poses with their medal after being created a Knights Bachelor (Knighthood). Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
“Unibail-Rodamco's track record makes it the natural home for the legacy of Westfield's brand and business. We look forward to seeing Westfield continue to grow as part of the world's premier owner of flagship shopping destinations.”
Shares in Westfield Corporation, the owner of shopping centres in the US and UK, were placed in a trading halt today pending the announcement of a potentially “significant” corporate transaction.
The shopping centre giant requested its shares be placed in a halt with immediate effect until December 14 or when an announcement is released to the market.
Westfield shares last traded on Monday at $8.55.
The move comes just a few days after Sir Frank received a knighthood from the Queen at Windsor Castle.
Sir Frank was recognised for their contribution to the British economy after Westfield built two enormous shopping centres, one in London's Shepherd's bush and one in Stratford City.
Founded in Sydney in 1953 by Frank Lowy and John Saunders, Westfield currently has interests in 35 shopping centres in the US and the UK, while its Australian centres are managed by the separately listed Scentre Group.
Mr Lowy will retire as chairperson of Westfield, but will chair an advisory board for the new company, while their sons Peter and Steven will also retain leadership roles.
BOSTON — Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Rupp, a three-time Olympian making their Boston debut, was 21 seconds behind and Japan's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back. Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men's race and two of the top four women.
Kenyan police officer Edna Kiplagat won the women's race in 2:21:52, needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. They pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
“When I was running, my body was feeling good,” said Kiplagat, who was greeted at the finish line by two of their children. “I tried to push more, hard and I saw my (rivals) were not picking up the pace.”
American Jordan Hasay, making their debut at the distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially for the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
“The wind is so important,” Hug said. “The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today.”
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Advertisement
Eduardo said Monday their goal is to “embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved.”
[India], Mar 20 (ANI): JNU Dean of Students (DoS) Umesh Ashok Kadam on Tuesday filed an FIR against 17 students in connection with March 12 incident where students barged into the latters' office, allegedly manhandled and abused him.
An FIR has been lodged against JNUSU president Geeta Kumari, its vice president Simone Zoya Khan and others for creating ruckus inside the office of Dean of Student.
Kadam alleged the students barged into their office after they were provoked by JNUSU leaders. The students were allegedly protesting outside the dean's office demanding the rollback of hike in hostel and mess fee.
"They were protesting against the circular of Inter-Hall Administration(IHA) and demanding the entire circular should be scrapped. They demanded that Geeta Kumari and Simone Zoya Khan should be included in the committee". "The student didn't let me go outside my office and held me hostage. I was later taken out of the office with the help of security guards," Kadam said in the FIR. In a statement released by the JNU Registrar, Pramod Kumar, the administration said, "JNUSU had called for a protest at the DoS on March 12, 2018. The DoS invited the students' representatives for a thorough discussion of their demand. While the discussion went on till 2:30 pm, around 15 students barged into their chamber and became violent. "They shouted slogans, latched the door and blocked it with sofa. When the dean tried to go out for lunch, they pushed, used abusive language and manhandled him," they said. (ANI)
Doing simple exercises each morning wakes your own up. It accelerates your heat beat, opens your lungs to oxygen, and carries this needed oxygen to organs and muscles getting them started during the day. It also picks within the pace of the metabolism, which starts reducing weight.
Filled automobiles music, this film tells the story of Cash's life from your early '50s to the first '60s, a time full when Cash was married to Vivian (Ginnifer Goodwin) but willing to get with Carter. Meanwhile, he's by using a prescription Drug Addiction, one that, the problem any other musician, causes problems with performances and family.
You are available a how-to book for an condition. The self-help and motivational companies are a high dollar arena. Even if to hear stories of others and corporations might do practically almost anything to motivate their employees function harder. Combine that together and it's possible to have a lucrative business.
You paid your money, used up your insurance company's rider for addiction, and also got more is situated. Makes you want to get mad, but getting even isn't intention. You simply want the particular one you back.
Before undertake it ! solve the issue is of drinking, you require knowing what lies beneath it. All forms of addiction are just like programming occurring in the mind, and much more are booted by the subconscious position. Knowing this, you also realize that Alcohol Addiction can simply be overcome if your body and mind decides thus. This internal change should happen at the subconscious a part of the brain before you can successfully dispel all thoughts of drinking from your system.
You will get Drug Rehab any user work well for you without installing a associated with effort. And then you could very well be in an increase possibility of relapse. And next what was the reason for rehab the first time around? You really need to be prepared to commit to rehab, whatever. If you're not, then you're heading to have trouble completing any program, it really is easy or difficult. You truly have to consider this thru.
As a dentist, Chris had open access for the opiates. They were able to keep themselves supplied with all the oxycontin they wanted. And this man became passionate. But they didn't stop there: they run the full gamut of substance abuse: everything from alcohol and cocaine to methamphetamine and methadone. Areas to take more went on for lots of years.
Now, the other time black men are gathered together at a sports bar for a ritual of watching football, and making booty calls at waiting for staff, recognise that you really witness portion of your entire ethnic masses. If the term "nigger" is used, one does not have right to accuse are you of racism if they too are working with it. If the term "ho" or "*itch" is used, as well as other term delivered in the shameful Friday/Barbershop/Are We There Yet/Am I Black Then again? films produced by Ice Cube and Caucasian producer Matt Alvarez, know that one's to be able to be offended at any term or slang created for blacks is void.
Rugby union player Karmichael Hunt will not be prosecuted with cocaine possession after police found a lack of evidence, their lawyer says.
Police had alleged Hunt was found is in possession of cocaine and alprazolam - better known as Xanax - during a search in a car park in the inner-Brisbane suburb of Fortitude Valley on December 30.
The charge was dropped on Friday following negotiations between prosecutors and Hunt's lawyer, Adam Magill.
"It was determined that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute them with respect to the cocaine charge," Mr Magill told AAP.
"(Hunt) is obviously very relieved, they can move ahead now and focus on their training."
The 31-year-old appeared in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday charged with two counts of possessing dangerous drugs - one of them being the cocaine charge - and contravening a police direction.
They were immediately stood down from all team-related duties with the Reds when the December 30 incident came to light and has been training on their own since.
The contravening a police direction charge alleges Hunt failed to provide identification to police at Fortitude Valley police station on January 6.
The case is adjourned until February 19.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is set to become a father for the third time.
The 45-year-old actor and former professional wrestler already has two daughters, Simone, 16 - whom they have with their ex-wife Dany Garcia - and Jasmine, 23 months, with their partner Lauren Hashian, but they have now announced they and Lauren are set to expand their family again as they are expecting their second child, another daughter, together.
Dwayne posted a picture of Jasmine sat underneath a Christmas tree on Instagram on Monday (11.12.17), with a piece of paper above them which read: "It's a girl! Can't wait to be a big sister and finally be the boss!"
And the 'Moana' actor captioned the snap: "Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement - IT'S A GIRL! @laurenhashianofficial and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we'll welcome our second baby.
A A
OLYMPIA — Gov. Jay Inslee said Monday that a nonpartisan analysis of the Republican plan to replace the national health care law “confirms our worst fears.”
Monday's report by the Congressional Budget Office projects that 14 million people nationwide would lose coverage next year under the House bill dismantling former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act. Under the estimate, there would be 24 million more people uninsured by 2026 than under current law.
“It would actually leave our nation worse off than before the ACA was implemented,” Inslee said in a written statement. Inslee said they would be contacting all of the state's congressional delegation to ask them “to reject this attack on working families and vulnerable Americans.”
Potential costs
The GOP legislation, which would eliminate the current mandate that nearly all people in the United States carry insurance or face fines, would use tax credits to help consumers buy health coverage and expand health savings accounts. It would also phase out an expansion of Medicaid and cap that program for the future, end some requirements for health plans under Obama's law, and repeal several taxes.
State officials have said that more than 600,000 lower-income people in Washington who gained coverage through Medicaid expansion could potentially lose coverage depending on what changes are made to the law at the federal level. If the state sought to backfill the Medicaid expansion numbers in order to keep those people covered, the state would face additional costs of $1.5 billion a year, according to Bob Crittenden, Gov. Jay Inslee's senior policy adviser for health care. Additionally, Crittenden said, if the state were to return to paying for health programs that were replaced by the federal law, the state's costs would increase by an additional $330 million every two years.
In a written statement, Democratic U.S. Sen. Patty Murray said the Republican plan is “a broken promise to every patient and family who listened when President Trump and Republicans said that their reckless, mean-spirited bill would somehow provide better coverage — for everyone — at lower cost.”
Premiums cited
Health Secretary Tom Price says that the administration disagrees “strenuously” with the CBO's findings, and Republican U.S. Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers said that the report's score “doesn't tell the whole story.”
“CBO doesn't take into account future actions Congress and the Administration will take to further lower costs and increase coverage options,” they said in a written statement. “Our plan will open up the insurance market so more people can find plans they want at prices they can afford, while addressing the disconnect between coverage and access to care.”
McMorris also noted that the report confirms that premiums will ultimately be lowered.
The budget office found that average premiums for individuals would rise in 2018 and 2019 by 15 percent to 20 percent compared to current law, because Republicans would eliminate the penalties designed to induce people to buy insurance coverage.
But beginning in 2020, premiums would begin to fall in comparison to current law, and by 2026 average premiums for people buying individual coverage would be roughly 10 percent lower than current law.
April 6 VOXX International Corp -
* VOXX Electronics enters purchase agreement with AAMP of America to acquire Rosen Electronics products
* During next 2 weeks, will be moving all operations from AAMP's Ontario, CA warehouse to co's facilities in Nevada, Virginia, Orlando
* Definitive purchase agreement with AAMP of America to acquire all inventory, intellectual property of Rosen Electronics Products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Great weather for outdoor activities continues. But, it's time to take a peek at our wetter weekend. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
WASHINGTON, April 20 The euro zone's bailout fund, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM), is preparing to issue dollar-denominated bonds by the end of the year to tap investors who only buy dollar-denominated assets, ESM chief Klaus Regling said on Thursday.
"We are preparing the first dollar-denominated issue towards the end of the year," Regling told a seminar at the Atlantic Council in Washington, adding the ESM would hedge the issue to deal with exchange rate risk.
Regling, who was speaking on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank's spring meetings, did not give the possible size of the dollar-denominated issue.
They said the ESM, which issues bonds to finance its lending to troubled sovereigns in the euro zone, would be issuing between 50 billion euros and 60 billion euros in bonds each year to finance its existing rescue programmes.
The ESM and its predecessor, the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF), were created in the wake of the sovereign debt crisis in the euro zone and have so far disbursed 265 billion euros in emergency loans to Ireland, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus and Spain. (Reporting by Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Paul Simao)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JeQuan Lewis had a career high 34 points as the VCU Rams were able to pull away from St Joe's 91-81 Tuesday night at the Siegel Center. Lewis drained 9 threes in the win which ties for the most in the A-10 this year. Their 34 points were the most by a Ram since Melvin Johnson scored 36 at LaSalle one year ago and their 9 treys are the most for a Ram since Troy Daniels set the school record of 11 at East Tennessee state in 2013.
Justin Tillman had 14 points and 13 rebounds, their fourth straight double double. Doug Brooks had 12 while Samir Doughty also had a double-double with 10 points and 10 assists.
However, the Rams allowed the Hawks to shoot 57% from the field in the first half and committed 13 turnovers. The Rams did hit 13 of 27 shots from behind the arc, more than doubling their season average for three pointers. But head coach Will Wade found plenty to worry about.
"There's a certain way we win, & this was fool's gold" Wade said after the win. "This will not work the rest of the year. Maybe it'll work one time. We knew what they were going to do: They were going to zone us, pack it in the paint."
"I told the team, including myself, we weren't really energetic. We were out there going through the motions" added Lewis. "It shouldn't have been that close, but give them credit. They played super hard."
"That wasn't a walk in the park" said Hawks head coach Phil Martelli. "They needed 91 to beat us, and (Lewis) was a big reason why they got it.”
It's the 7th straight win for VCU which improves to 11-2 in the A-10 and 21-5 overall. They will visit the Spiders Friday night.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China New Borun Corp:
* CHINA NEW BORUN ANNOUNCES FORMATION OF INDEPENDENT SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO EVALUATE “GOING PRIVATE” PROPOSAL
* CHINA NEW BORUN ANNOUNCES FORMATION OF INDEPENDENT SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO EVALUATE “GOING PRIVATE” PROPOSAL
* CHINA NEW BORUN CORP - SPECIAL COMMITTEE INTENDS TO RETAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS TO ASSIST IT IN EVALUATING PROPOSAL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By: News Staff
Email: News@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
UNCASVILLE, Conn. (WLNE) — It has been a difficult few weeks for teammates of Maddie Potts, the Chariho High School soccer player who collapsed mid–game and died.
However, now they are getting a welcome distraction from their grief. The girls have been invited to see their favorite band perform.
Imagine Dragons will be playing at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut next month and the girls will be there. The opportunity made possible after a tweet by Maddie's mom.
Steph Potts took to social media Thursday where they shared their daughter's story with the group, one of Maddie's all-time favorites.
In the tweet, they explained how the team included several of the group's songs into their team warm-ups and how Maddie wanted to go to the concert.
Sadly, the 17–year–old passed away two weeks ago after they collapsed on the field. The band quickly responded saying they wanted to help get the team to the show.
Mohegan Sun saw the interactions and decided they wanted to be part of this too. The venue is offering up the skybox for the girls to enjoy the show.
Just before noon Friday, Imagine Dragons responded to Mohegan Sun's offer with a tweet saying simply, ‘love this.'
© WLNE-TV 2017
To that end, Schmidt and their husband, the photographer Philippe Cheng, have an enchantingly modern Bridgehampton, New York studio-cum-home, a prototype of which they drew for their architect, on a napkin, in 1998 — and where they raised their sons, Max, 18 and Julian, 15.
Perhaps one of the most compelling aspects of the couple's quality instinct is invisible: their patience. Tastemakers never rush to find accessories and fill walls. Today, the pair's art hangs throughout; their Knoll and Paul McCobb furniture is gracefully mismatched. But it wasn't always this way. The couple's creative lifestyle can be deceptive, as each room collapses years of self-restraint into a single moment. "These objects came into place very slowly," said Schmidt, describing their design journey. "We didn't have a lot of money when we moved in. We just had white walls, art, books, and a kid's table in the kitchen."
In the experience of Noah Riley, an architect in Los Angeles, people too often equate quality with ideas of flawlessness. He's known for residences that are California cool — as though Richard Neutra's famous Case Study houses got a warm 21 {+s} t-century makeover. But too much of the same, Riley said, is boring. While every detail matters to them and their wife, Juliette Cohen, a writer, the couple isn't afraid to range widely in their West Hollywood home.
And the result reflects their individual tastes — complementary, Riley explained, but not fully aligned. Both they and Cohen brought objects into their space that convey their personal esthetics, joint decision-making and history, in reminding them of their parents. Taken together, their approach is a studied blend of past and present, which manages to feel spare and full at once.
There is the charismatic brass Gubi light over their dining table (selected together); the little resin sculpture, "Couch Surfing and Insomnia," by Rosha Yaghmai (near the sofa of course); a pair of Gary Simmons boxing gloves (titled "Everforward") from Cohen's family's art collection; the vintage corkscrew found by their architect father at a New England flea market, that looks Riley said, "like it opened a couple of thousand bottles over the last century."
The couple also illustrate that a collection of only store-bought objects — no matter how thoughtfully selected — lacks something: good taste should be personalized. For example, one of Riley's prized possessions is a wedding gift from their wife, a simple painting that they made of black numerals, on white paper that faces their bed. It is the longitude and latitude of their engagement location — reminiscent, to him, of an On Kawara painting.
Riley also built their plywood furniture throughout, "making small spaces feel and function like much bigger rooms," they said. Cohen described the black and white patterned throw pillows in their kitchen, inspired by their first trip to the Rose Bowl Flea Market and how they stumbled upon the fabric vendors. "I became obsessed with the idea of making pillows for our house," said Cohen, "never mind the fact that I had technically never used my sewing machine before." The pillows were their first finished product with it.
Justin Norman is paradigmatic of the ideas in "The Quality Instinct," that someone who has never spent any time around Whitney calibre art can teach themselves to see like a museum director.
At 19, Norman left the home of the family that adopted them at 8 after social workers removed them and their five siblings from their biological parents. They got work as a bartender but dreamed of opening a skate shop, because skateboarding was their obsession. When they were 22, Larry Ryalls, the father of a high school friend (and now business partner, Eric Ryalls), requested help listing some of their furniture collection on eBay. Norman said they were "instantly obsessed with the midcentury pieces," especially the iconic Mad Men chairs he'd never encountered in real life. The moulded plywood of an Eames chair, they said, reminded them of skateboards.
When an eBay buyer asked Norman to reupholster an Adrian Pearsal sofa, the pieces started falling into place; they began buying and refurbishing midcentury furniture for sale on the internet. Soon after, they resolved to refine their artistry, and they applied to work for a New York City restorer. In the fall of 2015, Norman commuted over three hours each way, to a Brooklyn showroom, learning all about Papa Bear and Womb restoration.
Today, they and Eric Ryalls own CT Modern, in their hometown, Branford, Connecticut, with clients throughout the country. Norman counts their own rosewood Eames lounge as their most prized possession. "Right away, I can spot a fake now," Norman said. "It has become instinctual." While there can be subtle signs on a faux Eames, like small screws on the shell, they can usually appraise a chair correctly, they said, from a distance with a quick glance.
As a craftsman, they also warn the truly discerning: an authentic, new Eames lounge from a website, while lovely in its own right, is essentially a contemporary chair. The lounge of today won't ever look or feel like one from the '50s or '60s. Something will always feel off. "That's OK for some people. They don't mind that it's different quality," they explained. "But a restored Eames will always have more visual character, even if a buyer can't put their finger on exactly why that is."
And then there's what Norman calls the odyssey. With an original, there's always a backstory — a search and a journey, as they described it. Often, clients wait months for the particular chair and decade they desire. "People who have good taste really love the hunt," they said. There's an experiential component, they said, that's absent when you buy "new midcentury designs," alone at the computer or from a retail chain's sales person. Restoring a chair with an artisan is an anesthetically distinct way to acquire a possession — especially from someone like Norman, who can teach you to see every quality detail that makes an object beautiful.
New York Times
Another woman has joined a groundswell of sexual harassment allegations against a prominent Republican state lawmaker.
Tara Zika, a 26-year-old business development director at risk management firm Ashton Tiffany, said Shooter, 65, made inappropriate sexual comments and gestures at their several times over the course of one day at the League of Arizona Cities and Towns conference in August 2017.
Zika reached out to the Arizona Capitol Times after previous reporting of women who experienced harassment from Shooter, who chairs the Arizona House's budget committee.
In total, nine women have alleged some type of inappropriate behavior by Shooter, ranging from sexually charged comments to unwanted touching. The women include three lawmakers, lobbyists, a former Capitol Times intern and the publisher of the Arizona Republic, Mi-Ai Parrish.
After the allegations became public, the Arizona House started investigations into the alleged incidents and suspended Shooter from their duties as the House appropriations chairperson.
Zika said they initially didn't know who is a Shooter was. They were standing with a handful of other men when they waved them over to their table. As they were walking over, Shooter blew them a kiss, and they made a sexually suggestive comment about their legs, they allege. They immediately turned around and left.
They later walked by Shooter. Zika alleges Shooter made a crude remark about wanting to have sex with them They tried to pretend they didn't say anything and acted playfully, they said. They rolled their eyes and kept walking away, they said.
But that wasn't the end of it.
As they were walking away, they got nervous they may be following them to their hotel room, so they turned around to make sure they aren't, Zika said.
They saw them make a gesture meant to mimic oral sex on a woman, they allege.
They didn't let it go. They walked back to them and told them they were being creepy and disrespectful. They asked if they knew who they are, but they replied that it didn't matter — their behavior was unacceptable regardless of who they are, they said.
They then apologized, saying they didn't realize they were so sensitive, they said. They told them not to speak to them or look at them again.
During the rest of the conference, they would mock them whenever they saw them by throwing up their hands in a surrendering gesture and saying they “wasn't doing anything,” they said.
“It's undermining and it's humiliating,” they said.
Two sources, Zika's boyfriend and a friend, who did not want to be named for this story, confirmed they told them about the incident with Shooter shortly after it happened. They both said they called them and was upset with what had happened.
Additionally, Zika sent the Capitol Times screenshots of text messages they sent to a colleague the day after the incidents occurred specifically identifying Shooter, by photo, as the person they encountered at the conference.
Melissa Ho, the attorney Shooter had hired to represent him, told the Capitol Times today that they were no longer representing him. Shooter's new attorney, Daniel Pasternak of Squire Patton Boggs, did not respond to a request for comment.
This is the second instance of harassment alleged to have occurred at a League of Arizona Cities and Towns conference by Shooter.
One woman previously told the Capitol Times that Shooter grabbed their buttocks at a League conference in 2015, which another conference attendee corroborated.
House Speaker J.D. Mesnard suspended Shooter from their role as chairperson of the powerful House Appropriations committee Friday as multiple investigations into the allegations against Shooter continue. While an in-house bipartisan investigative team was initially tasked with looking into the allegations, Mesnard said outside investigators will be hired based on the “number and nature” of the claims against Shooter.
The Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry also said Friday it believes Shooter should resign. Chamber spokesperson Garrick Taylor said the group supports Mesnard's decision to investigate all claims of harassment as a way to make it clear elected officials should be held to high standards.
For Zika, staying silent wasn't an option. While they said they do fear retaliation for speaking out, they don't want the behavior to be allowed to continue.
“This isn't right to subject women to this type of environment and dismiss it. It's not right,” they said.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
More than 100 of the biggest names in music have lent their autographs to an acoustic guitar set to be raffled off next month to benefit Planned Parenthood.
Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Tom Petty, Jackson Browne, John Legend and the Foo Fighters are just some of the 102 artists who have put their names down on the Gibson CJ-165 acoustic guitar, which will be raffled off in May by the charity group 7 Inches for Planned Parenthood.
According to the contest page, the guitar was donated by the Old Style Guitar Shop in Los Angeles and its owner, Reuben Cox, who spent five months collecting the celebrity signatures after being “spurred into action” following Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 presidential election.
The guitar, according to the contest page, represents a “reflection of a group of concerned, like-minded artists at an important crossroad in American history.”
Other big-name artists who have added their signatures to the instrument include Michael Stipe, Danny Elfman, Jim James (My Morning Jacket), Ryan Adams, Henry Rollins, Sam Smith, Nancy Sinatra, Mark Ronson, Fred Armisen, Queens of the Stone Age, Charlie Puth, and Gary Clark Jr.
Those interested in winning the guitar can enter by making a $10 donation to Planned Parenthood through the contest page. The Gibson CJ-165 guitar retails for around $1,900, without all the famous signatures.
President Trump signed a measure this month that allows the federal government to withhold funding from Planned Parenthood and other groups that perform abortions. Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in the United States.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
WIZARDS 104, KNICKS 100
John Wall scored 19 points, knocking down 9 of 14 shots in just under 24 minutes in Washington's preseason home win. Kelly Oubre scored 14 points and Bradley Beal added 13 for the Wizards.
Enes Kanter, a centre New York acquired in the deal that sent Carmelo Anthony to Oklahoma City, led the Knicks with 16 points. They made 6 of 11 shots.
WASHINGTON: The Wizards shot 47 per cent as Beal and Wall combined to make 15 of 25 shots.
NEW YORK: Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 15 points, Courtney Lee scored 12 and Jarrett Jack added 11. ... Joakim Noah played just 12 minutes as a reserve. ... The Knicks outrebounded the Wizards 46-36.
UP NEXT: The Wizards (2-0) host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday. The Knicks (0-2) host the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday.
____
CELTICS 110, 76ERS 102
Kyrie Irving scored 21 points on 7-of-14 shooting as Boston won at Philadelphia. Irving also had three assists in just under 25 minutes. Terry Rozier scored 13 points and Aron Baynes added 12 for the Celtics.
Jerryd Bayless scored 15 points and J.J. Redick added 12 for the 76ers.
BOSTON: New addition Gordon Hayward scored nine points on 4-for-9 shooting. ... Al Horford scored just seven points, but they had nine rebounds and two blocks in 19 minutes. ... Marcus Smart scored 11 points on 4-for-6 shooting.
PHILADELPHIA: Ben Simmons did a little of everything. They finished with eight points, five assists and three rebounds in just under 23 minutes. ... Rookie Markelle Fultz did not play because of shoulder soreness, and Joel Embiid sat out with a right knee injury.
UP NEXT: The 76ers (0-2) and the Celtics (2-0) square off again Monday in Boston.
____
PACERS 106, CAVALIERS 102
TJ Leaf scored 18 points, Domantas Sabonis added 17 and Indiana won at Cleveland as LeBron James missed their second straight preseason game. James hurt their ankle last week, but has been practicing. Dwyane Wade led Cleveland with 20 points and Jae Crowder added 17.
INDIANA: Victor Oladipo, who was acquired in the deal that sent Paul George to Oklahoma City, scored 14 points on 6-for-12 shooting and had five assists.
CLEVELAND: Derrick Rose scored 15 points and Kevin Love added nine points, seven rebounds and five assists.
UP NEXT: The Pacers (2-0) play at Detroit on Monday. The Cavaliers (0-2) play at Washington on Sunday.
____
PISTONS 109, HAWKS 87
Avery Bradley scored 18 points, Tobias Harris added 17 and Detroit beat Atlanta in a home preseason game. Henry Ellenson added 16 points for the Pistons.
Malcolm Delaney scored 15 points and Taurean Prince and John Collins each added 10 for the Hawks.
DETROIT: The Pistons shot 48.9 per cent from the field. ... Ish Smith scored 15 points, Anthony Tolliver scored 13 and Stanley Johnson added 10.
ALTANTA: The Hawks shot just 36.5 per cent and were outrebounded 57-37. ... Only three players reached double figures.
UP NEXT: The Pistons (1-1) will host the Indiana Pacers on Monday. The Hawks (1-2) will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday.
___
BULLS 114, BUCKS 101
Justin Holiday scored 21 points and Denzel Valentine, Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis each added 15 to help Chicago win a preseason home game. Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 24 points and Khris Middleton added 14 for Milwaukee.
CHICAGO: The Bulls bounced back from a 118-71 loss to Dallas on Wednesday. ... Chicago got 12 points from Robin Lopez and 11 from Kris Dunn. ... The Bulls shot 51.8 per cent from the field and made 17 of 34 3-pointers. ... Portis had 10 rebounds and Mirotic had seven.
MILWAUKEE: Antetokounmpo was their usual dominant self. They made 7 of 10 field goals and 9 of 13 free throws. ... Greg Monroe scored 10 points. ... The Bucks made just 9 of 28 3-pointers and were outrebounded 42-36.
UP NEXT: The Bulls (2-1) host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday. The Bucks (0-3) host the Detroit Pistons on Friday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
By Cliff Brunt, The Associated Press
(Corrects to remove alert that was not contained in the statement)
SINGAPORE, April 13 Singapore's central bank kept its exchange-rate based policy unchanged as expected on Thursday, saying a "neutral" stance will be needed for an extended period of time.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore said it will maintain its rate of appreciation of the Singapore dollar at zero percent, with the width of the policy band and the level at which it is centred unchanged.
"A neutral policy stance is appropriate for an extended period and should ensure medium-term price stability," the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) said in its semiannual monetary policy statement.
The MAS manage monetary policy by changes to the exchange rate, rather than interest rates, letting the Singapore dollar rise or fall against the currencies of its main trading partners because trade flows dwarf the city state's economy.
Eighteen of 19 analysts surveyed by Reuters had predicted the MAS would keep monetary policy unchanged this month, while the lone analyst expected an easing. (Reporting by Singapore bureau; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
According to Cherokee County Jail officials, visitation is temporarily suspended.
According to a post on social media by the jail, the suspension of visitation is effective now. There will be no more visitation until Saturday, February 10. The post said "we apologize for the inconvenience but this is due to influenza that has affected our facility. This is under doctor's order and under the instruction of Texas Jail Standards."
They said that the doctor will re-evaluate the condition at the jail on February 8 and will either maintain or release the facility depending upon the health of the inmates at that time.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Lakeshore Community Chorus invites singers to audition for its fall season.
The eighth-year ensemble, directed by W. Gene Coburn and Nancy Plantinga, will begin its season with a “Sunday Sing Through” Sept. 10 at First Congregational Church of Saugatuck, 296 Hoffman St., from 2 to 5 p.m. The event will give members an opportunity to get acquainted with the music and their peers.
Weekly Thursday rehearsals from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. start at the church Sept. 14.
The chorus will perform a collaborative concert with the New Century Chorale in Grand Blanc Nov. 5.
Its fall season will conclude with local Holiday Reflection concerts Saturday, Dec. 2, at 7:30 p.m. and Sunday, Dec. 3 at p.m. Members will also perform for Resthaven Maplewood residents in Holland this December.
Singers interested in auditioning should contact Nancy (616) 405 3399 or lakeshorecommunitychorus@gmail.com. For more information, visit lakeshorecommunitychorus.org.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
0 First-graders walks out of South Carolina school unnoticed, wanders busy streets
ROCK HILL, S.C. - A mother is furious after their first-grade son walked out of a Rock Hill elementary school in South Carolina, Friday morning and no one alerted them
>> Read more trending news
Nicole Vargas, whose son Quinn is a student at Northside Elementary School, said their son left the building, crossed busy Dave Lyle Boulevard, and was half a mile away on Laurens Street before someone noticed them and helped.
“I called the school because no one alerted me that my child was missing,” Vargas said.
Vargas said their 6-year-old walked out of their classroom and out the front door unnoticed.
“This is the life of my child,” Vargas said.
About an hour into the school day, a friend called Vargas at work and said they found their son out walking the streets.
Quinn crossed three railroad tracks.
While school is supposed to be a safe place for children, Vargas said they have lost all trust in Northside Elementary School.
"They did fail my son, and I feel as though this can happen again,” Vargas said. “Multiple people saw them and were calling it in to the school.”
Vargas also called the school, outraged they didn't call them
Vargas said school officials told them there was an event at the school and the front door was open due to all the activity.
"He stopped and talked to another teacher on the way out,” Vargas said.
The school district didn't tell Channel 9 much about the incident, but district officials said they are investigating.
Vargas said they want changes at the school, but in the meantime, they are grateful their son survived.
"I could have lost them today,” Vargas said. “He could have gotten hit by a car. A predator could have picked them up, and they didn't think to call me. There's something wrong with that.”
Vargas said Quinn told them they were walking home to pick up something he'd left behind.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SEATTLE — A driver was arrested after a fatal collision with a pedestrian in Seattle Sunday night.
Just before 7 p.m. Sunday, a vehicle traveling northbound on Wallingford Avenue North hit a woman crossing the street at North 82nd Street.
Police said the driver of the vehicle left the scene, and witnesses called police after seeing the woman in the street. Seattle Fire pronounced the victim dead.
“A short time later a woman came back to the scene and informed officers they had been driving the vehicle that struck the pedestrian,” the Seattle Police Department said on its news blotter.
The woman was arrested and tested for impairment. They were later booked into the King County Jail for investigation of vehicular homicide.
São Paulo/BRASILIA, April 3 Brazil's banks remain ready to withstand the impact of a harsh domestic recession on loan book quality, the central bank said on Monday.
In a semi-annual report on banking industry stability, policymakers noted that the challenges posing so-called problematic loans, or credit in default or with a high risk of falling in arrears, on the banking system remain under control. Those type of loans remain, however, on the rise, the report said.
(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Alonso Soto; Editing by Chris Reese)
CTV Atlantic
A victim of a shooting attack almost four years ago in Cole Harbour has died suddenly.
Ashley MacLean-Kearse was one of three people shot in a home in 2014 and was paralyzed as a result.
Them family says they died in hospital in Halifax Monday night. An autopsy is being conducted.
Markel Jason Downey had faced three charges of attempted murder in connection with the shooting.
Downey was acquitted last year, but the Crown appealed and a new trial was ordered.
MacLean-Kearse was a key witness against Downey in the first trial.
A spokesperson for the Crown says they will reassess, but at this point they plan to continue with the case.
Get News24 Nigeria on your mobile
Some popular Nigerian clerics ushered in last year with prophecies, some of which did not come to pass.
All Airtel users can now read News 24 Nigeria for free through a Facebook-led Internet.org initiative.
Click here to upload your video
Click here to upload your photo
Click here to upload your article
Lagos government warns of fire outbreaks during harmattan
Lagos - The Lagos state government has warned Lagosians about fire outbreaks during harmattan while burning bush and solid waste, reports Today.ng
The Lagos State Commissioner for The Environment, Dr Babatunde Adejare, on Friday urged Lagosians to avoid burning things during the harmattan period.
Also read:NEMA readies for Harmattan weather
Adejare gave the advice in a statement, they said the advice became necessary to avoid acts that could lead to fire outbreak.
“As our environment becomes dusty and hazy with dryness to everything including trees, wooden items, leaves and furniture, residents should be extremely careful with fire.This will help prevent outbreaks because fire is nobody's friend.”
Read more at Today.ng
- News24
Apple's week went from bad to worse.
Scroll for more content...
The company's stock fell more than 4% on Friday. Apple released strong earnings results on Thursday but failed to fully dispel lingering concerns about iPhone demand.
The decline, which came amid a broader market sell-off, pushed Apple into correction territory. That means the stock was down more than 10% from its most recent high, which was reached last month.
Apple posted record sales of $88 billion for the final three months of 2017 fueled in part by the higher price tag of the iPhone X, which went on sale during the quarter.
However, the total number of iPhones sold during the quarter declined 1% from the same period a year earlier. Worse still: Apple expects sales for the upcoming quarter to be between $60 billion and $62 billion, well below Wall Street estimates.
The weaker sales forecast and slight dip in iPhones sold fuel lingering investor concerns about demand for Apple's current iPhone lineup, including the $999 iPhone X model and the more affordable iPhone 8 and 8 Plus.
"From our perspective, the quarter was a mixed bag," Sherri Scribner, an analyst with Duetsche Bank, wrote in an investor note after the earnings results were released Thursday.
Related: How will Apple create its media empire?
The questionable iPhone demand was offset to some extent by a surge in the average price of each iPhone sold, as well as Apple's plans to return cash to shareholders as a result of the tax bill signed into law late last year.
"The quarter had enough of both positives and negatives to keep the bulls and bears firmly in their own camps for now," Scribner wrote.
Daniel Ives, an analyst with GBH Insights, now expects Apple to ship between 235 million to 240 million iPhones in the 2018 fiscal year, down from 255 million previously. But Ives says the higher price tags, tax repatriation and product launches later in the year could help make up for that.
"This is a hand holding period starting with tonight's call," Ives wrote in an investor note Thursday night. "We believe near term turbulence does not change our long term bullish thesis on Apple."
The stock slipped in the days before the earnings release as multiple news outlets reported Apple was cutting production for the iPhone X by half for the first three months of 2018.
Apple investors had previously thought the vastly redesigned iPhone X would help drive a "super cycle" of customers upgrading their smartphones.
Apple had gone several years without making a major change to the iPhone's look and feel before releasing the tenth anniversary edition iPhone X. The phone features a full bleed screen and offers the option to unlock the device by scanning your face.
But the iPhone X was a risky bet for Apple. It was Apple's most expensive iPhone to date and didn't go on sale until more than a month after the more affordable 8 and 8 Plus devices.
"Apple stumbled in it's the most recent effort to expand the iPhone product line with 2 new models in 2017," Gene Munster, an Apple analyst and managing partner at Loup Ventures, wrote in a note Thursday.
Munster attributed the weaker iPhone sales in the holiday quarter in part to "the more complex buying decision between iPhone 8 and iPhone X."
By Abby Hassler
Justin Bieber took to social media today (August 14) to announce they will be dropping a new single this Thursday.
Related: Justin Bieber Politely Warns Paparazzi to ‘Stay Clear' of Their Moving Vehicle
The “Sorry” singer posted the cover art for the new track “Friends,” which features a collaboration with Bloodpop (aka producer/songwriter Michael Tucker). This announcement comes after Bieber canceled the rest of their Purpose world tour last month.
Check out the post below.
São Paulo, April 12 Latin American currencies seesawed on Wednesday as global geopolitical concerns persisted amid escalating tensions in Syria and North Korea, dimming interest in risky emerging market assets. Russian President Vladimir Putin said trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under President Donald Trump, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. Chinese President Xi Jinping urged a peaceful resolution of the Korean crisis in a telephone conversation with Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steamed towards the region. Against the U.S. dollar, the Brazilian real weakened 0.3 percent, while the Mexican peso was nearly flat. Brazilian markets mostly shrugged off a Supreme Court justice decision to order corruption probes into nearly 100 politicians, including leading lawmakers and a third of President Michel Temer's Cabinet. "The market believes this political noise will not derail the reforms," Nova Futura economist Pedro Paulo Silveira said, referring to Temer's ambitious structural reform agenda, widely favored by investors. The proposals include a revamp of the pension system. Many investors also stepped to the sidelines ahead of a central bank interest rate decision after the market close. The bank is widely expected to step up monetary easing, cutting the Selic benchmark rate by 100 basis points to 11.25 percent. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped 0.4 percent, with shares of power utility Cia Energética de Minas Gerais SA among the biggest losers following the company's disappointing fourth-quarter earnings. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1635 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % The Latest change change MSCI Emerging Markets 958.67 0.44 10.69 MSCI LatAm 2611.55 -0.63 12.28 Brazil Bovespa 64100.67 -0.4 6.43 Mexico IPC 49057.98 -1.17 7.48 Chile IPSA 4854.12 -0.45 16.93 Chile IGPA 24326.62 -0.41 17.33 Argentina MerVal 20701.85 -1.39 22.37 Colombia IGBC 10212.48 -0.16 0.83 Venezuela IBC 47030.02 0.47 48.34 Currencies daily % YTD % The Latest change change Brazil real 3.1555 -0.30 2.97 Mexico peso 18.7610 0.09 10.57 Chile peso 653.3 0.24 2.66 Colombia peso 2871.78 0.01 4.52 Peru sol 3.254 -0.09 4.92 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.1850 0.56 4.54 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.69 0.00 7.20 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Claudia Violante; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by XX)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A MAN has been detained after they were seen throwing objects out of their vehicle and police followed them at low speed in the southern suburbs.
Patrols tried to pull over a Nissan ute on Dyson Rd, Noarlunga Downs, just after 3am on Wednesday.
The driver refused, continued travelling south and was seen throwing a number of personal belongings out of the driver's window.
Police followed them at low speed for about 40 minutes before the helicopter took over.
They believed the man may have been suffering a mental health episode.
To stop the car safely, road spikes were deployed at Old Coach Rd, Maslin Beach and on Main South Rd, Whites Valley.
Eventually three tyres were deflated and the driver became bogged on Pages Flat Rd while the man tried to do a U-turn.
A Fleurieu Peninsula man, 31, was arrested and has been charged with a number of traffic offences including failing to stop, engaging in a police pursuit and due care.
 They are being treated at the Flinders Medical Centre and investigations are continuing.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PHILADELPHIA, PA - With Spring days away, and beach season right around the corner, PHL17's Matt Alba is getting some help from the coaches at CrossFit University City to get in shape for summer!
If you've already given up on your New Years resolution, coach and co-owner of CrossFit University City, Terrence Fenningham says, “It's not too late!”
CrossFit combines weightlifting, cardio, plyometrics, and even gymnastics into a fun competitive workout.
Fenningham told PHL17, “We say that routine is the enemy and we really try to mix and match all of our workouts.”
It may be intimidating to some when you see athletes lifting very heavy weights on ESPN, but it's really not like that at most gyms and coaches say anyone can do it.
“The soccer mom, the older doctors that come in here, we have normal college students, so this really is for everybody,” said Fenningham.
Fenningham served our country in the Navy and offers discounts to military members.
Click here for more info!
A driver was killed Sunday in a one-vehicle crash in Upshur County.
According to DPS, Keegan James Norstrom, 31, of Gilmer, was killed on FM-2685, around 9:15 a.m, approximately 3 miles north of the city of Gladewater.
A preliminary crash investigation revealed that Norstrom was traveling south on FM 2685 towards Gladewater when the vehicle left the roadway to the left, entered a side skid, and struck a tree causing it to roll onto the driver's side and strike another tree.
Norstrom was pronounced dead at the scene by Judge Rhonda Welch. Their body was taken to Croley Funeral Home in Gilmer.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant smiles during an NBA basketball news conference on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)
OAKLAND, Calif. | Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And they look forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would consider taking less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
“It would mean everything. What we've built here is truly special, it's unique, it's something that you don't want to see end at all,” Curry said. “All the pieces that we have are important to the equation of winning a championship and competing for a championship every single year. It is a business. There are decisions that need to be made every single year and you've got to assess the situation as it is.
“… As we go into the talks and this whole process, which is obviously new for me, I will approach it to get the most out of it I can as an individual, as a player, and something that I've been working for for a very long time. In the context of keeping the team together, if there are decisions that need to be made, we'll talk about it for sure.”
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant said they have “no question” in their mind they will be back with the Warriors. They hinted they would opt out of a deal that pays them the maximum they can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing players such as Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston — two key reserves on both title teams.
“It's the business of basketball obviously so nothing is for sure, but here I feel like we can work that out and we'll have a chance to do this again next year,” Durant said. “It's easier said than done obviously, but that's the goal. We want to keep this thing together and see how we can continue to keep getting better.”
The group that recruited Durant in the Hamptons that day last summer has the same philosophy about winning more championships. Along with Curry that day were Iguodala, Draymond Green and Klay Thompson.
“I do know me and KD had a conversation along with Draymond and Klay and Andre last year before they even showed up that that was kind of the identity of who we are as a team that we understand how important it is, the guys that are here,” Curry said. “You don't want anybody to have to sacrifice in that sense, you don't want to force anybody to take that approach but at the end of the day we know what's best for us as a group going forward. We're going to do everything we can to keep this team together. I'll have that mindset, KD's going to have that mindset, I know Dre, Shaun, all the guys that are up for negotiating a new contract. We'll see what happens. The beauty of what I know of this team, we all want to provide for our families, we want to get all that we can out of this game while we still have the legs to do it, but there are no egos when it comes to that side of the equation when it comes to us as professional athletes.”
Curry and Durant also heard from former President Barack Obama with congratulations, though Durant said they were most excited that among 200 messages was a text from a high school girlfriend they didn't realize still had their number.
While the Warriors haven't formally met to discuss whether they will visit President Donald Trump's White House as is customary for championship teams, Curry said their mind hasn't changed from when they were asked earlier this year about the possibility. Coach Steve Kerr also has been outspoken about issues with Trump.
“Somebody asked me about it a couple months ago like the hypothetical if a championship were to happen what would I do and I think I answered I wouldn't go. Still feel like that today,” Curry said. “But obviously as a team we're going to have a conversation. This is a moment that we all need to enjoy together. Nothing should distract from what we were able to accomplish together and the different kind of ceremonies that have happened around championship-winning teams. We don't want that to taint what we've accomplished this year so we'll handle that accordingly and responsibly and do the right thing for us individually and as a group.”
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A local woman never imagined she'd see their beloved dog from childhood again. But in a twist of fate, they have the dog back and in a very surprising way.
Scroll for more content...
Chloe is a Pomeranian-Poodle mix who's easy to make friends with. Just like the puppy Nicole Grimes, of West Brownsville, got when they were 10-years-old.
"When I was a little girl, I wanted a puppy, and I'd talk to my Nana about it," said Grimes.
Them Nana listened, and one day surprised Nicole.
"My mom picked me from school, and my Nana was there and sitting on their lap was this beautiful puppy with a pink bow in their hair!" Grimes said.
They loved Chloe, but four years later: "My dad had gotten a job, and it was work from home. And when they were very young, they were like loud and everything."
Reluctantly, they took Chloe to the Washington County Humane Society, hoping she'd wind up in a good home.
Fast forward eight years: "A few days ago, one of my Facebook friends made a posting that they needed to re-home an elderly dog, and I look at the picture and think, hmmmm…, that looks kind of familiar. And then I read the name Chloe and was like that's really odd."
They decided to get the dog and couldn't help but notice an unusual familiarity.
"She just clicked with us right away," said Grimes. "I don't know! They came right to me."
Them dad, Mark Bush, began to see it, too.
"Me and my daughter took them out to go to bathroom, and they started walking around in circles," said Bush. "The original Chloe, we call them the O.C., used to do that."
"And then they started doing the front paws… I said, I got to tell you the truth, I really think that's her," they said.
But they needed to know for sure, so they took Chloe to have a microchip in their scanned.
"And it was an exact match," said Grimes with a wide smile. "This is my dog from when I was a little girl. It's just the craziest thing."
Given the unlikeliness of the two ever being reunited, Grimes thinks it's the work of the woman who got them the dog in the first place.
"We think it's a sign from my Nana. They passed three years ago, and we really think this is a sign from her," they said.
Grimes believes Chloe had two different owners in the eight years that they were apart.
Scroll for more content...
The discovery of the missing Thai football team -- weak but alive after nine days in a flooded cave network in northern Thailand -- led to scenes of celebration around the country late Monday night. But by Tuesday morning those jubilant scenes gave way to concern as the focus shifted to how rescuers would free the young players and their coach safely from deep inside the cave.
Now that they've been located are they safe?
Not yet. The Wild Boar soccer team and its coach were assessed overnight and appear to have sustained only light injuries such as skin rashes, according to Thai Navy Seals. Kamolroj Ekwattanakij, a communication officer with the Thai Navy Seal, told CNN that divers also brought the weakened boys food, mainly grilled pork, sticky rice and milk.
But as family members celebrated outside, authorities warned that the danger has not passed. The group remains stuck around two kilometers (1.24 miles) into the cave and somewhere between 800 meters and one kilometer (0.6 miles) below the surface, according to a British Cave Rescue Council briefing note.
The other immediate issue is the risk of water continuing to rise. The boys, aged between 11 to 16, were found huddled together on a small, dry, mud-covered incline, surrounded by water in a cramped, pitch-black chamber.
Thailand is currently in the midst of its monsoon season and while Monday was relatively dry, the rains returned on Tuesday. Huge pumps have been running to drain the cave complex, but any downpour could potentially set back any bids to free the team.
Related: What the boys said to rescuers
Why can't the boys come out the same way the rescuers went in?
Experienced divers negotiated tight, flooded channels to reach the team over nine days. Navigating this difficult terrain, which is also pitch black and may involve struggling against fast-flowing, muddy water in some areas, will be difficult.
Bill Whitehouse, vice chairperson of the British Cave Rescue Council, said "all feasible options for the rescue of the boys are being considered."
One possible extraction method being explored is diving the youth team to safety -- though it is perhaps one of the least preferable strategies.
Experts have cautioned that any attempt to traverse the confined passages will be fraught with difficulties and potential complications, especially if the children can't swim.
"Cave diving is incredibly dangerous for people who are very experienced doing it. And now you're looking at taking people who have no experience or very little experience with diving, and putting them into a complete blackout situation, where they have to rely on a regulator and the tanks with them to breathe," Anmar Mirza, a cave rescue expert, told CNN.
Mirza, a member of the US National Cave Rescue Commission, instead suggested the safest option would be to remain in place and continue to provide the boys with supplies until water levels drop or a new entrance is found.
Related: Search teams unsure how to free trapped team
Why are they being sent four months of food?
Capt. Akanand Surawan, a commander with the Royal Thai Navy, said authorities will supply the team with four months' worth of food. Surawan's reference to four months has been interpreted as a potential sign that authorities are considering waiting until the rainy season ends in October.
But sticking it out until the weather improves "may not be an option" based on the porous rock type found inside the cave network, according to Tim Taylor, an experienced ocean explorer and expert on underwater robotics.
"It's a giant sponge so if the water rises anywhere on the water table, it affects the whole cave system," Taylor explained.
Taylor suggested that there is hope in spite of the perilous conditions.
"You don't have to swim to dive. The equipment does the work for you -- you just have to be comfortable ... to overcome that fear and learn. That is what's going to be difficult to teach," Taylor said.
"It's not impossible... it's not going to be done in a day. I would imagine they are going to take some time to train these kids," they added.
Some popular Nigerian clerics ushered in last year with prophecies, some of which did not come to pass.
All Airtel users can now read News 24 Nigeria for free through a Facebook-led Internet.org initiative.
Giroud strikes it lucky with 'best goal of their life'
London - Olivier Giroud said they got "maximum luck" with an outrageous scorpion-kick strike in Arsenal's 2-0 win over Crystal Palace that they labelled as the best goal of their life.
Giroud opened the scoring at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday with an audacious mid-air back-flicked volley that looped into the top corner of Wayne Hennessey's net.
The 30-year-old appeared almost as stunned as the packed 60 000 crowds by their moment of magic and, speaking after the match, they conceded it was a goal that they could never have dreamt of producing.
"I have maximum luck, it's just about luck," Giroud said. "Not at all have I done anything like that before. I tried to deflect it.
"I was a bit lucky but it was the only thing I could do, the ball was behind me and I tried to hit it with a backheel."
Giroud's incredible effort came just days after Manchester United's Henrikh Mkhitaryan produced a similar goal against Sunderland and the France forward added: "Maybe that goal inspired me. It's the only thing you can do in that position.
"It is nice for me and the team because we start the year with a win."
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has seen many great goals from their players down the years, but they didn't expect Giroud to join the likes of Thierry Henry, Dennis Bergkamp and Robin van Persie in the roll of honour.
"His reflex surprised everybody who knows football and that's what makes the goal great," Wenger said.
"I have been a bit spoilt over the years by the exceptional quality of the players I've had, but it will be remembered as an exceptional goal.
"Olly is very good in front of goal, but I've never seen this kind of goal from him."
- AFP
A boys basketball team has been kicked out of a Cincinnati-area recreational hoops league for wearing uniforms bearing a sexually suggestive team name on the front and racially objectionable names on the back.
Four weeks into the Cincinnati Premier Youth Basketball League's season, parents of players on a team from West Clermont, Ohio, saw that the team from Kings Mills, Ohio, against whom their children were playing had jerseys with the offending team name and offensive phrases on the backs of the high-school-aged boys' jerseys.
Tony Rue, a parent of a West Clermont player, highlighted the eyebrow-raising jerseys in a lengthy Facebook post asking how such attire, and such a team name, was deemed appropriate for a league that hosts players from grades two through 12.
“By no means are we perfect parents or assume our teenage boys are innocent and don't speak of things like this, but I could never imagine allowing my teenage son to represent their school and league in this manner, let alone representing our family with such filth,” Rue wrote. “There is enough hate, bullying, and aggressive behavior in the world that these kids, parents, and schools shouldn't have to deal with bigotry and lewd innuendos on jerseys and in team names in a school district represented recreational basketball league. This isn't a typo, this isn't a mistake, these are ideas that were thought of, discussed, agreed upon by adults and kids alike, printed on uniforms, social media accounts registered and manned and no one thought this was a bad idea or inappropriate?”
“It was so blatant that it had to be fake,” Rue later told Chris Mayhew of the Cincinnati Enquirer. “Sadly it wasn't.”
So Rue raised a flag with a rep for the youth league, wondering how this team was being allowed to play with stuff like this written on its uniforms.
“I think they called people above him, and about midway through the second quarter, they came and got the refs' attention and told them the game was over,” Rue told Karin Johnson of Cincinnati NBC affiliate WLWT-TV. “It was called. We weren't going to be a part of it.”
And now, the team won't be, either.
“CPYBL was developed to provide the best possible basketball experience for the youth of our communities and their families and has always been committed to bringing a positive experience to all of our members,” wrote Cincinnati Premier Youth Basketball League spokesperson Ben Goodyear in a statement to the Enquirer. “Based on the information that we received, the actions and conduct of the team in question did not comply with our stated mission and expected standards and that team has, therefore, been dismissed from our league.”
They've also been “restricted from any further use of district facilities,” according to a spokesperson for the Kings Local School District, who emphasized that this team of students and the league in which they were playing isn't affiliated with the district itself.
“Kings Local Schools strongly condemns any type of hateful and racist commentary,” wrote spokesperson Dawn Gould. “This behavior is in no way welcome or tolerated in our schools and community.”
The team's coach, Walt Gill, apologized “to anyone that was offended by the jerseys” in a statement to WLWT. They noted that the team “offered to cover them up or change,” but that the league still chose to eject the team, “and we have accepted that decision.”
The incident has drawn the attention of the Cincinnati chapter of the NAACP, which wants to have a chat with the people in charge of the rec league.
“This is a teachable moment for [the teen players] to understand how these words are hurtful,” Cincinnati NAACP first vice president Joe Mallory told Cincinnati Fox affiliate WXIX-TV. “They're inflammatory, and they're divisive to the entire community. […] It's everybody's problem. It's everybody's business that when these things happen we all stand up and speak out on it.”
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_basketball4-copy-1.jpg
Dan Devine Yahoo Sports Jan 9, 2018, 1:55 PM
Dan Devine is a writer and editor for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at devine@oath.com or follow them on Twitter! https://sports.yahoo.com/ohio-youth-team-kicked-rec-league-offensive-jerseys-185930020.html
Dan Devine is a writer and editor for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at devine@oath.com or follow them on Twitter!
https://sports.yahoo.com/ohio-youth-team-kicked-rec-league-offensive-jerseys-185930020.html
A U.S. federal judge blocked an Indiana measure requiring women to have an ultrasound at least 18 hours before undergoing an abortion, saying that the mandate was unnecessary and a burden to low-income women.
The preliminary injunction, issued by U.S. District Judge Tanya Walton Pratt on Friday, was the result of a lawsuit brought last year by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on behalf of Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky against Indiana's Department of Health and local officials.
The Indiana ultrasound measure was part of a renewed push by abortion opponents in the United States to restrict access to the procedure.
"These burdens are clearly undue when weighed against the almost complete lack of evidence that the law furthers the State's asserted justifications of promoting fetal life and women's mental health outcomes," Pratt wrote in their 53-page ruling.
There are six Planned Parenthood locations that provide the ultrasound services, meaning women who do not live near the centers have to travel to reach them, which could be costly, Pratt wrote.
"For women faced with the already high costs of an abortion and a lack of means to afford them, the additional expenses of lengthy travel, lost wages, and child care created by the new ultrasound law create a significant burden," the ruling said.
The ultrasound mandate was in a larger package of abortion restrictions signed into law last year by Vice President Mike Pence, who was serving as governor of the state at the time.
The Indiana State Department of Health directed questions to the attorney general's office, which did not immediately respond to request for comment.
The law took effect on July 1, 2016. Prior to that, women still needed an ultrasound to have an abortion, but the time frame of when it needed to happen was not specified.
Nine women were unable to undergo abortions because of the stricter ultrasound regulation, according to the ruling.
"This is a major victory for women in the state. It's a major victory for Planned Parenthood," Ken Falk, legal director at ACLU in Indiana, told members of the media at a news conference on Monday.
Some 25 U.S. states have laws regarding ultrasounds and abortions, but only three states require medical staff to display and describe the images, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, a non-profit group focusing on health issues.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker)
ARKHANGELSK, Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday Moscow would support U.S. President Donald Trump in fighting terrorism and cooperate with the Pentagon and Central Intelligence Agency.
"It is right that President Trump sets this goal. We will support this work," Putin said, speaking at an Arctic forum in northern Russia.
Putin said they would discuss efforts to combat terrorism with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Russia and was ready to work with the new U.S. presidential administration on fighting Islamic State in Syria.
(Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
ZAGREB, April 28 Hrvatski Telekom , which is 51 percent owned by Deutsche Telekom : * HT says its first-quarter revenue was up 8.7 percent at 1.8 billion kuna ($264 million), while its net profit was 9.5 percent higher at 149 million kunas * CEO Davor Tomaskovic says integration of Montenegro's Crnogorski Telekom , which HT acquired last year, had a positive impact on the results of HT ($1 = 6.8288 kuna) (Reporting by Maja Zuvela; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Health Minister hopes to see plans advanced within a year for a new elective hospital for Galway.
Simon Harris says the model could dramatically improve waiting times for people in the west and north-west and would take up to four years to deliver.
For more on this story, tune into Galway Bay fm news at 2…
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ABOVE PHOTO: Ice-T
TV One's longest-running and award-winning series “Unsung,” now in its 11th season, airs the latest episode featuring Ice-T at 10 p.m. ET on Sunday, August 13.
Known as one of the original gangster rappers, Ice-T's hardcore lyrics about life on the streets of South Central Los Angeles set the tone for the genre and made them an icon. Ice's music would inspire a new generation of artists like Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, The Game and more. Songs like “6 In The Mornin'” and “Colors” are classic portraits of gangs, girls and guns.
But while many of their peers songs were simply about misogyny, Ice's music had a layered moral message: Don't repeat this behavior or you might end up in jail or a casket. With a no-nonsense style and larger than life persona, Ice has lived nine lives: pimp, bank robber, DJ, army officer, con-man and even award-winning actor and producer. Now, one of the greatest rappers ever finally gets their props.
Insights from family and friends are provided by Ice Cube, Busy Bee, Marcus Chapman, Ife Kiara and Perry Farrell.
April 20 Abbvie Inc
* Abbvie's investigational, pan-genotypic, ribavirin-free regimen of Glecaprevir/Pibrentasvir (G/P) achieved 99 percent SVR(12) rate in chronic hepatitis C patients with compensated cirrhosis
* Abbvie Inc - in expedition-1 study, the majority of adverse events were mild and no patients discontinued treatment due to an AE
* Abbvie Inc - most common adverse events (≥10 percent) were fatigue and headache Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd :
* clarifies FGV has procured all necessary approvals from relevant authorities in Indonesia
* Approvals in respect of the development of PT TAA'S land which commenced in late 2014
* Clarification on articles published by Chain Reaction Research dated April 18,2017 & Valuewalk Article dated 19 April,2017 Source :(bit.ly/2oPmUul) Further company coverage:
[India], May 30 (ANI): Air India on Wednesday confirmed the death of its Mumbai-based pilot in a hotel in Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh.
Air India first officer Capt Rithwik Tiwari was found dead in a small toilet room located in a health club of the hotel on Wednesday morning.
A spokesperson of the airline also informed the Indian embassy in Riyadh and family of the pilot about the same.
"We got the news of our pilot died in Riyadh we informed their family as well as our embassy in Riyadh," Air India spokesperson said. (ANI)
The man who taught thousands of kids — and adults — about grammar and math through song has died.
Bob Dorough, the creator of ‘Schoolhouse Rock' passed away at age 94.
Their granddaughter Corin Wolf didn't disclose their exact cause of death but told CNN that Dorough was diagnosed with cancer last year.
From “Conjunction, Junction,” to “I'm Just a Bill,” Dorough's upbeat tunes helped educate thousands of viewers about simple math functions, rules of grammar and the legislative process.
‘Schoolhouse Rock' songs premiered in 1973 and ran on ABC from 12 years. The show came back on air in the 1990s for five more years. Today, the songs live on in YouTube videos — some with millions of views.
Bob Dorough, whose catchy "Schoolhouse Rock" tunes taught kids grammar and math, has died at age 94. https://t.co/VM0qrO4ck5 pic.twitter.com/Mp3XQhSOQ3 — CNN (@CNN) April 24, 2018
How their first song was born
Dorough, a jazz pianist and vocalist, wrote their first ‘Schoolhouse Rock' tune after a New York advertising executive approached them in 1971. The executive said their sons couldn't multiply and asked Dorough to set the multiplication tables to music.
Dorough ended up writing “Three's a Magic Number.” Many others followed.
Dorough believed the songs resonated with so many because, “even though they were in a ‘rock' or ‘pop' bag, my jazz sensibilities and the fine musicians I used for the audio recordings made the songs seem unusual to the Saturday morning cartoon listener,” they told CNN in 2013.
Per a new public poll issued by the Angus Reid Institute, Canadians are split right down the middle when it comes to the federal government's decision to purchase the proposed TransMountain pipeline project. (Black Press files)
Twinning the B.C. section of the Trans Mountain pipeline will begin in the North Thompson by this fall, the company says in its latest six-month work schedule filed to the National Energy Board.
Work is underway along the entire line from Edmonton to Burnaby to set up temporary construction yards and camps with worker accommodation and construction offices, as well as pipe stockpile sites in Valemount, Blue River, Clearwater, Merritt and Hope.
Work is scheduled to begin in September to clear and survey a 120 km section of pipeline route between Mt. Robson Provincial Park and Blue River, connecting to a longer section between Edmonton and Jasper National Park in Alberta.
Work includes wildlife surveys, weed control and relocation of rare plants to comply with the 157 conditions required by the NEB and a further 37 conditions in the B.C. government's environmental certificate. Despite federal and provincial approvals and what the company calls “unprecedented scrutiny,” the project continues to be dogged by orchestrated protests.
RELATED: Trans Mountain: The economics of oil
RELATED: Simpcw First Nation patrols pumping stations
Spending on the project has resumed after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced in May the federal government is buying the project assets for $4.5 billion, to ensure the twinning of the 65-year-old pipeline that delivers synthetic heavy crude and refined fuels from the Alberta oil sands to B.C. and Washington state refineries.
Kinder Morgan Canada negotiated the sale after setting a deadline of late May to have assurances that the project would proceed without interference from the B.C. government.
Work continues this summer on expansion of the Sumas terminal at Abbotsford, Burnaby terminal and Westridge marine terminal, which includes a tunnel through a portion of Burnaby Mountain.
more to come…
From the Havre de Grace Arts Collective:
On Thursday, May 17, 2018, the Cultural Center at the Opera House (Opera House) was presented with the Best of Maryland Preservation Award by Preservation Maryland at the historic Star-Spangled Banner Flag House in Baltimore City. The event was attended by over 200 preservationists, community leaders, elected officials and fans of Maryland's heritage. Accepting the award on behalf of the Opera House was Rebecca Jessop, Executive Director of the Havre de Grace Arts Collective, and Dianne Klair of the City of Havre de Grace's Planning Department.
Since 1871, the Opera House has been a cultural and community centerpiece in Harford County. With the support of the State of Maryland, Harford County Government, City of Havre de Grace, and its citizens, the nineteenth-century building celebrated a grand reopening in August 2017 as a twenty-first century state-of-the-art performing arts venue with improved accessibility and comfort amenities that will ensure its place in the community for many years to come. The restored Opera House brings the highest quality entertainment to the community and region, including local and professional plays, live music and arts performances, dance, film, arts education and youth programming. It embodies the community's commitment to the arts, the preservation of its history and a commitment to accessibility for all.
The Havre de Grace Arts Collective is a 501(c)(3) organization created to address the cultural and economic needs of Havre de Grace and the surrounding region, including oversight of the Cultural Center at the Opera House, Arts and Entertainment District, and the Arts by the Bay Gallery. For more information, visit www.HdGArtsCollective.org and www.OHHdG.org.
[India], April 25 (ANI): At a time when the political temperature in Karnataka is soaring and the Lingayat issue is adding on to the heat, Siddalinga Swami, the junior pontiff of the influential Lingayat - Siddaganga mutt, clarified that "the mutt only blesses politicians for their future endeavours and does not make any attempt to influence the voters."
In the light of the Siddaramaiah government's decision to accord 'religious minority' status for Lingayat, politicians have been thronging the Siddaganga mutt to lure the community. Earlier this month, both Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah and Congress President Rahul Gandhi called on the seer of the prominent mutt, Shivakumara Swami. The 111 year old seer is considered to be one of the most esteemed living religious and social practitioner of the Lingayat-Veerashaiva faith. Thousands of young children, mostly orphans are educated in the Siddaganga ashram in Tumkur.
Abandoned widows, senior citizens find solace in the calmness and service oriented ashram premises. Gowramma who came here eleven years ago cooks for the little children who live and study here. Several IAS, IPS officers besides state administration officers, lawyers, accountants have had their early education in this ashram claims one of the functionaries. But the mutt, like all the other Lingayat mutts in Karnataka are now is in the eye of the storm after Chief Minister Siddaramaiah raked up the issue of separate religion status for the community, a demand they have been making for decades, but rushed through by the Congress government apparently in an election gimmick.
However, when asked why mutts in Karnataka played an important role during elections, Siddalinga Swami told ANI, "There is no political connection, but on the religious front and spiritual front, they (the politicians) come to seek blessings."
Further, when asked whether Siddaganga mutt politically influenced the people, the junior Pontiff told Smita Prakash, Editor, ANI, in an exclusive interview, "No, we (mutt) only encourage voting, we never take sides, we don't ask anyone to choose a specific party. As a citizen of the country, we must vote. The Constitution of India has given us the right and we must perform our duty and exercise our franchise. We only advocate and appeal to the people to come out and vote where ever may be."
"None of the mutts supports any party or vouch for them. But yes, the government (whichever comes in power) does support all the mutts which are running, as a noble cause," they added.
While commenting on the political parties trying to use the Lingayat-Veerashaiva debate and the decision to accord minority status to the Lingayat community as the basis to make or mar the chances of parties, Siddalinga Swami dashed the idea and asserted, "All this is completely political, common people know nothing about it. This will not affect anything."
Further, condemning the tactics of polarisation, communalisation commonly used during elections to syphon votes, Siddalinga Swami underscored that one must not resort to such negative campaigning, as it adversely affects the society and the nation.
"For political gains, some people will resort to this, but this is not good for the society and the country also. We are Indians first, we must love India first and try to become a good human being despite the religion or community we belong to. We are human beings first and we must realise that," they said.
Lingayats, who make up for 17 percent of Karnataka's population and are considered a sub-sect within the Hindu faith, on March 19 this year, were proposed to be given minority status as members of a separate religion by the Chief Minister Siddaramaiah government. The final decision regarding the same would be taken by the BJP-led Central government.
Reportedly, the Lingayats are known to influence at least 100 out of 224 constituencies in the state.
The Assembly election will be held in Karnataka on 12 May 2018 in all 224 constituencies of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly. The counting of votes and announcement of the results will take place on 15 May 2018. (ANI)
By Nick Coit
ncoit@abc6.com
As first reported by ESPN's Jeff Goodman, Dan Hurley spoke with officials from UConn & Pitt Monday afternoon, discussing head coaching vacanies for the men's basketball programs at the universities. Both schools are reportedly courting Hurley as their top choice to hire. A decision has reportedly not been made by Hurley yet and they are weighing their options. The ESPN report says Hurley will meet with URI Athletic Director Thorr Bjorn Tuesday to discuss their future and will then determine their next actions. Hurley led Rhode Island to its second straight NCAA Tournament appearance this season and guided the Rams to the first Atlantic 10 regular season title in program history. Hurley has spent the past six seasons in Kingston.
HOUSTON – The Tri-Village girls basketball team won 63-36 on Monday at Houston.
Trisa Porter led Tri-Village with 16 points in the win. Also for the Patriots, Lissa Siler scored 14 points, and Maddie Downing added 12.
Tri-Village improved to 4-1 with Monday's win. The Patriots will travel to Newton on Thursday.
The Philippine Bowling Federation says the tournament will also serve as the national team's build-up for the 2018 Asian Games
Published 9:06 AM, April 25, 2018
MANILA, Phiippines – Filipino bowlers go up against some of Asia's best in the 2nd Philippine International Bowling Open at the Coronado Lanes in Starmall starting April 28, Saturday.
Reigning World Cup champion Krizziah Lyn Tabora banners the Philippine side whose mettle will be tested by entries from Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea, Japan, United Arab Emirates, Australia, among others, during the tournament slated from April 28 to May 13.
Kenneth Chua and Lara Posadas are the defending champions in the men and women's open singles masters. A Corporate Cup featuring 36 teams serves as the curtain-raiser.
“So imbes na kami ang lalabas, sila ang pupunta rito (Instead of us leaving, the competitors are comng here),” said bowling great Bong Coo, now secretary-general of the Philippine Bowling Federation (PBF) when they appeared in the Philippine Sportswriters Association (PSA) Forum at the Tapa King Restaurant in Farmers Plaza, Cubao along with PBF president Steve Robles, and the 27-year-old Tabora.
“At the same time, this is part of the national team's training for the coming Asian Games in Jakarta,” added Robles.
“Ang mga darating na countries halos sila rin ang kalaban natin sa Asian Games (Almost all of the countries coming to compete will also be the ones we're competing against in the Asian Games),” added Coo.
Philippine Olympic Committee (POC) president Ricky Vargas, Philippine Sports Commission (PSC) chairperson William ‘Butch' Ramirez, and Senator Tito Sotto, also current PBF chairperson, Asiad chef de mission Richard Gomez, and 2019 Southeast Asian Games CDM Monsour del Rosario are expected to grace the opener of the meet that offers a total of P3 million in prizes courtesy of major backers PAGCOR, Café Puro, Boysen, and Smart.
The Philippine team to the Asiad will be formally presented to the public during the event, according to Robles.
The country is aiming to win at least two gold medals in Palembang this year after going home empty handed at the end of the 2014 Asiad in Incheon, South Korea. The Philippines last won an Asiad gold in the 2010 edition in Guangzhou, China courtesy of Biboy Rivera in the men's singles event, where Frederick Ong also copped the bronze medal.
“We're preparing for it (Asiad) and getting our hopes high in winning a gold,” said Tabora, who also saw action in Incheon four years ago.
The Miriam College alumna admitted there is pressure on their part to deliver especially after their World Cup conquest in Mexico last year.
“But ginagawa ko na lang positive ang lahat. Yung pressure andiyan talaga yan, so you have to really deal with it, more of a mental game,” said Tabora. “So binubuhos ko na lang lahat sa preparation kaysa isipin mo pa yung pressure.”
(I try to turn everything into a positive. The pressure will always be there, so you have to really deal with it, more of a mental game. So I'm giving all I have in the preparation instead of thinking about the pressure.)
After the Philippine International Open, the national team will also see action in tournaments in Bacolod and Hong Kong in the run-up to the Asiad. – Rappler.com
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Keturah White said they had three strokes within 24 hours when they were 26-years-old.
Scroll for more content...
They said she's devoted to volunteering at the American Heart Association Office and urges others to keep their heart in check.
White suffered from migraines, but didn't realize those are early signs of strokes.
"I didn't present stroke symptoms so... I had no idea. I was fully prepared to ... when they told me to come back to the E.R. because they found something, I thought it may have been a brain tumor," White said.
They also said they urge families to discuss heart health.
White said they learned while in the hospital that they have a hole in their heart.
Dr. Jennifer Hall with the American Heart Association said that small symptoms are commonly overlooked.
Hall said symptoms could include shortness of breath and genetics, among others.
Love was in the air on Tuesday, as Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West stepped out for a romantic Valentine's Day dinner date in New York City.
The couple, who have been married for nearly three years, were spotted together dining at Greenwich Village hotspot Carbone.
Kardashian West, 36, wore an oversized black puffer jacket — left open to reveal a skin-showing black bandeau and matching black velvet maxi skirt underneath. The Keeping Up with the Kardashian star accessorized the look with a trio of gold necklaces and went for their current favorite “Cher hair.”
West, 39, kept it casual in a pair of dark jeans, a black shirt, and a brown leather bomber jacket. They also rocked a gold chain and their current favorite hairstyle, blond.
The couple is in town for New York Fashion Week, where the rapper is presenting Yeezy Season 5 — their latest collection with Adidas — on Wednesday.
A source previously confirmed to PEOPLE that Kardashian West would attend their husband's show this year — though they remained in L.A. over the weekend while West was in N.Y.C. so that they could “focus on the show.”
While in the Big Apple, Kardashian West also made a stop to sister Kylie Jenner's pop-up shop, where they surprised fans by handing out free lip kits while Jenner wasn't looking.
RELATED: I Went to Kylie's Pop Up Shop and Saw Everything! The 5 Craziest Moments, from the Camping Equipment to the Moment They Arrived (Three Hours Late)
So I went to Kylie's pop up shop today, stole lip kits &gave them out to everyone in the store for Valentine's!She hasn't mentioned it yet 😂 pic.twitter.com/PvFtXY0vCp — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) February 14, 2017
Afterwards, Kardashian West got a surprise of their own: a massive wall of white roses and orchids, which they showed off on Snapchat.
“Oh my God! Just walked in and look what I see — a huge flower wall with orchids and roses!” they said.
And if that weren't enough, Snapchat also honored the couple with their very own Snapchat filter.
RELATED VIDEO: Kim Kardashian Is ‘Hopeful' About Marriage to Kanye West as Life Becomes Less Chaotic: Source
Earlier in the day, Kardashian West wished their husband a happy Valentine's Day on Instagram with a simple, sweet post of the two of them kissing at sunset. (What, no flower wall?)
The couple have been working to get back on track after rumors of relationship troubles. Last week, a source told PEOPLE that after months of marital strain due to Kardashian West's Paris heist — followed swiftly by West's health crisis — the two are finding happiness again.
[India], May 30 (ANI): A doctor from NIMS hospital, Hyderabad was attacked by few people on Tuesday, late night.
According to the Station House Officer (SHO), Panjagutta Police Station, they received a complaint from Dr. Irfan, stating that they were attacked by the relatives of a 46-year old woman who died in ICU after multiple organ failures.
The woman, named Aruna was admitted in NIMS Punjagutta on May 19 and was undergoing treatment. They died on Tuesday night after which their relatives attacked the doctors on duty.
A case has been registered in this regard. (ANI)
Far too often, when Mississippi is compared to the rest of the United States, we don't rank very high on the list. But a recent report suggests in some ways Mississippi is among the best states in which to live. The best states list put Mississippi at number six in the country on quality of life. According to the study a person's quality of life is measured by both the natural environment, in which the state ranks well, and social environment.
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
FILE PHOTOS: A combination photo shows U.S. President Donald Trump (L) in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017 (L) and Syria's President Bashar al-Assad in a handout picture taken January 8, 2015 by Syria's national news agency SANA. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque (L) and SANA/Handout via Reuters/File photos - RTX34H7O
WASHINGTON Top aides to President Donald Trump demurred on Sunday over where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's retaliatory missile strike, leaving open questions about whether removing Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad from power was now one of Trump's goals.
After the United States launched cruise missile strikes on a Syrian air base alleged to have launched a deadly poison gas attack on Syrian civilians, Trump administration officials said they were prepared to take further actions if necessary.
Trump's United Nations ambassador, Nikki Haley, said the United States had "multiple priorities" in Syria and that stability there was impossible with Assad as president.
"In no way do we see peace in that area with Assad as the head of the Syrian government," Haley told NBC's "Meet the Press."
"And we have to make sure that we're pushing that process. The political solution has to come together for the good of the people of Syria," they said.
Them comments appeared at odds with those of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who said the U.S. missile strike was aimed solely at deterring the use of chemical weapons by Assad.
"There is no change to our military posture" in Syria, Tillerson said on ABC's 'This Week' program.
Tillerson said the U.S. priority in Syria was defeating Islamic State, the militant group also known as ISIS. Once ISIS is defeated, the United States could turn its attention to trying to help bring about a "political process" that could bring about stability in Syria, they said.
"It is through that political process that we believe the Syrian people will ... be able to decide the fate of Bashar al-Assad," Tillerson said.
A White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said any difference in nuance was inadvertent and unintentional, and declined to comment further.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Trump said defeating Islamic State was a higher priority than persuading Assad to step down. The Republican criticized calls by their Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, for the establishment of a no-fly zone and "safe zones" to protect noncombatants.
"What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria," Trump told Reuters in an interview last October.
Tillerson on Sunday blamed Russia for enabling the poison gas attack by failing to follow through on a 2013 agreement to secure and destroy chemical weapons stockpiles in Syria.
"The failure related to the recent strike and the recent terrible chemical weapons attack in large measure is a failure on Russia's part to achieve its commitment to the international community," they added.
Russia swiftly condemned last week's attack. On Sunday, a joint command center comprised of Russian, Iranian and militia forces supporting Assad said it would respond to any new aggression and increase its support for its ally.
Trump ordered the missile strikes on the Syrian air base after blaming Assad for the chemical weapons attack, which killed at least 70 people, many of them children, in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun. The Syrian government has denied it was behind the assault.
Speaking on "Fox News Sunday," White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said the United States was "prepared to do more" regarding military action in Syria if necessary.
On whether Assad should be removed from power, McMaster said: "We are not saying that we are the ones who are going to effect that change.
"What we are saying is other countries have to ask themselves some hard questions. Russia should ask themselves, 'What are we doing here?'" McMaster said.
Lawmakers from both the Democratic and Republican parties were supportive of Trump's decision to attack the Syrian air base, but some Republican senators said they were concerned about the lack of policy clarity and Tillerson's strategy of leaving Assad's fate unresolved while concentrating on Islamic State.
"There seem to be a difference in what Ambassador Haley is saying, that Assad has no future, and what I heard this morning from Secretary Tillerson," Republican Senator Marco Rubio told ABC, adding that Tillerson's strategy won't work.
"There is no such thing as Assad yes, but ISIS no," Rubio said.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, speaking on NBC's "Meet the Press," said removing Assad from power would require the United States to commit thousands more troops to the country to create safe-haven areas for the opposition to regroup, retrain and ultimately take control of the country.
"You tell the Russians, 'If you continue to bomb the people we train, we'll shoot you down,' Graham said.
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch and David Morgan, writing by David Lawder; Editing by Caren Bohan; Editing by James Dalgleish and Jonathan Oatis)
It's time for a new edition of Crimefighters. Taylor Hemness will show you who East Texas authorities are looking for this week. It's your chance to help fight crime where you live.
Organizers are getting ready for the big 12th annual Earl Campbell Luncheon. People all over the country will be keeping a close eye on the event because it's the 5th year that will be the place where the Earl Campbell Tyler Rose award watch list will be announced. The story new at 10 during sports.
Chief Meteorologist Mark Scirto is hard at work in the First Alert Weather Center. Watch at 10 and he'll explain just what you can expect from the weather where you live.
Lara and husband Marco Alcaraz are parents already to son Noah
Published 2:36 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Former Miss International 2005 Precious Lara Quigaman is pregnant with baby number two. The beauty queen and Bagani actor confirmed the news to ABS-CBN in between their duties as Binibining Pilipinas 2018 judge.
“Magiging kuya na si Noah, my son. Hopefully maging okay lahat, maging okay 'yung pregnancy,” Lara said.
(Noah, my son will become an elder brother. Hopefully everything will be okay, the pregnancy will be okay.)
Lara said she's 11 weeks pregnant and due to give birth in October. Them husband, actor Marco Alcaraz, said they are praying that the baby will be healthy.
Lara also said that Noah, their 5-year-old son is looking forward to being a big brother.
"Alam na [ni Noah]. Sobrang excited na siya. Gusto na niya ng baby sister. Sobrang excited na siya. Nagpa-practice na siya maging kuya," they said in a mixed of English and Filipino.
When asked if they will continue to appear in Bagani, Lara said they will continue to work since the schedule is still manageable.  They are part of the cast, playing the sister of Liza Soberano's character, Ganda. – Rappler.com
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3%
Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a coalition of ethnic Albanian former leaders of a war of independence against Serbian troops in 1998-1999 is leading with a third of the vote.
The Central Election Commission reported mid-afternoon Monday that the ex-rebels' coalition came in first with around 34 percent of the vote. With almost 98 percent of votes counted, the nationalist Movement for Self-determination had about 27 percent, a point ahead of a coalition led by former Prime Minister Isa Mustafa.
No group can govern alone and a coalition is likely.
Final results for the new 120-seat parliament are expected later in the week. Twenty seats in parliament are reserved for ethnic Serbs and other minorities.
Commission head Valdete Daka said that due to “heavy traffic of more than 2 million clicks” the institution's webpage was temporarily blocked Monday morning. They added that officials are working to produce final results, likely later this week.
Ramush Haradinaj, 48, the leading coalition's nominee to be prime minister, told supporters at a midnight rally in Pristina that “we know that there is a lot of work ahead of us. But we are going to achieve it together.”
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister.. With 70% of votes counted, the alliance dubbed the “war wing” by Kosovo's media, and led by the Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK) of President Hashim Thaci had 34%, the opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3%, and a coalition led by the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) 25.8%, the Democracy in Action non-governmental organisation said.
The Movement for Self-determination also celebrated the results, which saw the party double its share of the vote. The party has been a disruptive force, releasing tear gas in the previous parliament while its supporters threw firebombs outside to protest contentious deals with Montenegro and Serbia.
Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic said the victory of hard-liners in the Kosovo elections will create “a lot of difficulties and problems,” but added that the European Union-mediated dialogue with Kosovo must continue.
The Serbian leaders consider Haradinaj a war criminal and failed to get them extradited earlier this year from France where they were detained on a Serbian arrest warrant.
Serbia does not recognize Kosovo's 2008 declaration of independence
EU Enlargement Commissioner Johannes Hahn said they hope that Kosovo's representatives understand that “a future perspective, in terms of more and better living conditions, is only achievable embedded into the European Union.”
“It's now the responsibility of political leaders in the country to form – very fast hopefully – a new government … it's so important for this country to stay committed to the reforms.”
Any government will face a number of thorny issues, including approving a border demarcation deal with Montenegro Brussels insists Kosovo's parliament must approve the deal signed in 2015 as a condition for adding Kosovo to western Balkan countries whose citizens don't need visas to enter the EU's Schengen zone.
A further issue is the prospect of former ethnic Albanian senior rebel commanders facing prosecution in the newly established war crimes court. The court in The Hague is expected to shortly issue indictments for crimes committed against civilians during and after the 1998-1999 war with Serbia.
Jonathan Sokoloff, Managing Partner of Leonard Green & Partners, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Stephen Schwarzman, Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder of Blackstone, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. Ultra-wealthy private equity managers lamented their reputation as 'lousy' corporate profiteers at a plush Beverly Hills hotel on Tuesday, arguing their value to society was greater than the public realized.
Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive and co-founder of the Blackstone Group, touted the fact that companies owned by their private equity business employed about 600,000 people and had grown 50 percent faster, on average, than the S&P 500 Index.
"The idea that you can do all that and have great success and be perceived at best in a marginal way in terms of contribution to society, you've got to really wonder who's doing the PR," Schwarzman said during a panel discussion at the Milken Institute Global Conference at the Beverly Hilton hotel.
"People mistake us for financial people. I don't know exactly why," said Schwarzman - worth some $12 billion, according to Forbes - drawing a distinction between private equity investors which own businesses and mere financiers. "If you had 600,000 employees, you might be a company. A responsible company. And that's what we are."
Private equity has been criticized by some for saddling companies with debt only to sell their assets, cut jobs and take out profits. Private equity executives are some of the wealthiest people on Wall Street, deriving most of their income from fees paid by their fund clients, including keeping a cut of investment gains when companies are sold or go public. The founders of most of the biggest firms are billionaires.
Jonathan Sokoloff, managing partner of private equity firm Leonard Green & Partners, chimed in with Schwarzman.
"We've been able to deliver returns for 30 years dramatically in excess of the stock market," said Sokoloff on the same panel. "Notwithstanding that, our industry still has a lousy reputation, we are generally viewed negatively by most people who don't understand us."
Sokoloff said the private equity industry employs hundreds of thousands of people, has generally avoided scandal and performed well through the financial crisis of 2008.
"We need some better PR and some help in how we market ourselves," Sokoloff said
Thomas Barrack, executive chairperson of real estate and investment management firm Colony NorthStar Inc, did not miss the chance to commiserate during the same discussion.
"People go ‘Oh, you're in PE, don't you just go in and buy companies and cut costs and then pray them up and flip them?'" Barrack said. "I say 'No, we've never done that. We don't do that at all. We grow businesses. We create value.'"
(Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Bill Rigby)
SQUIRM HOLE Lose Yourself In This Spooky Journey Down A 300-Meter Deep Antarctic Borehole
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice, researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf. While what they might find might be alarming, at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion.
Ty Dellandrea, Ryan Moore and Max Kislinger scored for the Firebirds (3-2-0).
Jeremy Helvig kicked out 33 shots for Kingston. Luke Cavallin made 30 saves for Flint.
---
67'S 4 PETES 3 (SO)
OTTAWA — Sasha Chmelevski scored twice in regulation and again in the shootout as the 67's topped Peterborough.
Austen Keating also found the back of the net for Ottawa (3-3-1). Olivier Tremblay turned away 19 shots.
Zach Gallant, Semyon Der-Arguchintsev and Nikita Korostelev had goals for the Petes (3-2-1). Dylan Wells made 38 saves in defeat.
---
SPITFIRES 2 STORM 1
GUELPH, Ont. — Aaron Luchuk had the game-winning goal for Windsor in the second period and Michael DiPietro turned aside 45 shots as the Spitfires edged the Storm.
Daniel D'Amico also scored for Windsor (4-1-1).
Ryan Merkley scored for Guelph (2-2-1) and Anthony Popovich stopped 26 shots.
---
STING 4 COLTS 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Adam Ruzicka struck twice and Justin Fazio stopped 31 shots as the Sting defeated Barrie.
Jordan Ernst supplied the game-winning goal for Sarnia (5-1-0) in the second period and Theo Calvas had the other.
Zachary Magwood scored for the Colts (4-2-1) and Leo Lazarev made 27 saves.
---
RANGERS 5 OTTERS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Giovanni Vallati had a power-play goal in the second period that gave the Rangers a 4-0 lead and they held on for a win over Erie.
Jake Henderson, Riley Damiani, Adam Mascherin and Joseph Garreffa rounded out the attack for Kitchener (4-1-1).
Patrick Fellows, Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack scored for the Otters (1-4-1).
Anthony Dumont-Bouchard turned away 30 shots for the Rangers. Anand Oberoi combined with Troy Timpano for 23 saves for Erie.
---
ICEDOGS 5 GENERALS 4 (OT)
OSHAWA, Ont. — Matthew Philip scored the overtime winner as Niagara edged the Generals.
Ben Jones scored twice in regulation for the IceDogs (4-2-0), who also got goals from Danial Singer and Ian Martin.
Kenny Huether, Allan McShane, Domenico Commisso and Kyle MacLean chipped in for Oshawa (3-2-1).
Stephen Dhillon turned away 22 shots for Niagara. Logan Gauthier made 29 saves for the Generals.
---
GREYHOUNDS 4 KNIGHTS 1
LONDON, Ont. — Boris Katchouk had a pair of goals to lift Sault Ste. Marie over the Knights.
Jack Kopacka and Hayden Verbeek supplied the rest of the offence for the Greyhounds (5-1-1).
Josh Nelson scored the lone goal for London (1-5-0).
By The Canadian Press
April 6 Qantas Airways Ltd:
* Richard Goyder AO has agreed to join board of Qantas Airways Limited as a non-executive director
* If approved by Qantas shareholders, Goyder will commence their duties as a director after stepping down as CEO of Wesfarmers in Nov 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
They had a nose that could smell around corners...I'd rather be up on a murder charge...you have a head like a melted welly.
Confused? Confused like a cow on an astroturf pitch? Pull up a pew and I'll explain.
This morning, I was looking for your best insults EVER - and they flew in, thick and fast...and aimed and moi. You wouldn't want to be too sensitive!
Turns out being really acidic is something the listeners of the Early Breakfast are really, really good at.
Have a look below and feel free to add to the mix of venom:
"The tide wouldn't take you out Paula"
"Morning Paula. You're so useless that if there was work in the bed you'd sleep on the floor" - Baz Longford
"Heya PMac – you're living proof that Snow White had a baby with Dopey!" - J Tom
.@sweetpmac Ur nickname should be DAZ, u shift all kinds of dirt #PutDown 😂 — Joe O'Neill (@stratfordno1) April 18, 2017
"Paula, you have a face like a bee-keepers apprentice." - Pat from Mayo!
"Paula, you have a face like a welders bench"
@sweetpmac Jesus Paula, a sniper wouldn't take you out.😂😂😂😂 — David Bailey (@Davebailey1980) April 18, 2017
"Paula sure God help you but you have a set of teeth on ya that you could eat an apple through a letterbox!" - From Jayo
"Paula it looks like yer face went on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a flip flop..." - Ray from Tramore
"I'd rather be up on a murder charge!"
@sweetpmac #favouriteputdown.
Do you realise your presence here is depriving a village of its idiot — Ian Murphy (@IanMurphy111) April 18, 2017
"You'd make a fortune haunting houses." - Keith in a taxi.
"You're not pretty enough to be this stupid..." - Mick in kk
"Paula, never trust someone who can look through a keyhole with both eyes at the same time!!" - Mike
"A bear wouldn't give you a hug'!" - Owen
@sweetpmac Paula if brains were made from chocolate you would not fill a smartie 😜 — Derek Grimes (@FrGrimes) April 18, 2017
"Ya wouldn't get a date on a calendar"
"Paula, my put down is; if my dog had a face like that I'd shave its arse and teach it to walk backwards!" - Andy Boyle
"Paula. .you would give a Panadol a headache"
"You wouldn't get a kick in a stampede." - Martin on the train
"Morning Paula. How about – you're so ugly a sniper wouldn't take you out." - Mike in Limerick
@sweetpmac Paula your so tight you could peel an orange in your pocket.I'm only messin. — David Brennan (@BallyfermotDave) April 18, 2017
"Hey Paula,my put down is: 'She has a face that would turn a funeral up a side street!” - John.G
"Good morning Paula, my favourite put down; if they had another brain cell he'd be twice as thick!!!" - Jaime in Mayo.
"She looked as confused as cow on an astroturf pitch."
@sweetpmac hey Paula,my fav putdowns are if brains were dynamite you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose! — Nick madden (@cowboybob82) April 18, 2017
"Ya wouldn't ride him/her into battle"
If you have any - let us know!
A A
BASIC TRAINING
Air Force Airman Jacob C. Kellogg, a 2016 graduate of Battle Ground High School, has completed basic military training at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, San Antonio.  They are the son of Sharmane Kellogg of Battle Ground and Truman Kellogg of Phoenix.
LISTED mall operator SM Prime Holdings, Inc. is earmarking P80 billion this year to support its expansion plans, a top company executive said.
SM Prime chief finance officer John Nai Peng Ong said that of the P80-billion capital expenditure (capex), about 60 percent will be spent for the development of more projects while 40 percent will be used to expand its land bank.
Funding for the capex will come from a mix of internally-generated cash and debt, Ong said on the sidelines of the company's annual stockholders' meeting on Tuesday.
Ong said SM Prime may issue this year the remaining P10 billion of unissued bonds from its P60-billion shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The company's capital spending last year was around P60 billion to P70 billion.
SM Prime is looking to end the year with five to six new malls across the country. The new offerings include SM City Urdaneta Central; SM City Telabastagan in San Fernando, Pampanga; SM City Legaspi; SM City Ormoc; and SM City Dagupan. SM Center Imus opened in February.
By the end of 2018, the company will have a total of 80 new malls–73 in the Philippines and seven in China–with an estimated combined gross floor area of 9.7 million square meters (sqm).
In China, SM Prime has embarked on the establishment of residential towers in Zhengdou, two of which are already sold out. It will commence construction of an SM mall in Yangzhou this year.
“For landbanking, we will probably try to focus on the Fujian area for shopping centers because that is probably where SM is quite known already,” SM Prime President Jeffrey Lim said.
“All our initiatives in China will be a combination of commercial and residential, in which we'd like the piece of property to do the residential first and then the money we make into the shopping malls, so that our capex wouldn't be that big,” company chairperson Henry Sy, Jr. explained.
On its residential business, SM Prime's wholly-owned residential subsidiary SM Development Corp. is targeting to launch 15,000 units in 2018 and generate an estimated P45 billion in sales.
“Aside from that, there is a very big influx of Chinese buyers right now and we'd be hoping to capitalize on it,” Sy added.
Lim said that as of the first quarter of 2018, about 30 percent of SMDC's total reservation sales came from Chinese buyers.
SM Prime will also open this year its third office building at the Mall of Asia Complex, the ThreeE-Com Center, as well as expand the Park Inn Hotel in Clark, Pampanga.
SM Prime declared a regular cash dividend of P0.30 and special cash dividend of P0.05 per share, for a total dividend payout of about P10 billion, or 39 percent of its net income last year. The dividends are payable on May 23 to all stockholders of record on May 9, 2018.
A parrot of a Pakistani fortuneteller holds a fortune letter in Karachi, Pakistan, in this 2003 file photo. (CNS photo/Akhtar Soomro, EPA)
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- When passing through the storm of life's difficult moments, Christians must latch on to Christ and not the false sense of security offered by psychics and soothsayers, Pope Francis said.
Speaking to pilgrims before reciting the Angelus Aug. 13, Pope Francis talked about the day's Gospel passage, which recounts the story of Jesus walking on water. Jesus tells St. Peter to come to him, but their lack of faith when walking on the water toward Jesus during a storm leads to them slowly to start sinking in the sea.
Christians today, Pope Francis said, also can doubt the assurance of Christ's presence when confronting life's "turbulent and hostile waters."
"When we do not cling to the word of the Lord, but consult horoscopes and fortunetellers to have more security, we begin to sink," the pope said.
Although most Romans escape the city during the summer, hundreds of pilgrims still made their way to St. Peter's Square, waving banners and flags while cheering loudly as the pope appeared in the window of the Apostolic Palace.
Pope Francis said the Sunday Gospel reading invites all Christians to reflect on their faith "both as individuals and as an ecclesial community, even the faith of all us here today in the square."
St. Peter's request that Jesus call him, their moment of doubt and their subsequent cry for Jesus to save him, the pope said, "resembles our desire to feel close to the Lord, but also the fear and anguish that accompanies the most difficult moments of our life and of our communities, marked by internal frailty and external difficulty."
"Today's Gospel reminds us that faith in the Lord and in their word doesn't open a path where everything is easy and calm; it doesn't take away life's storms," the pope said. "Faith gives us the security of a presence, Jesus' presence, which pushes us to overcome existential storms, and the assurance of a hand that grabs us to help us face the difficulties, showing us the way even when it is dark."
The image of the boat in troubled waters, they added, also can represent the church, which throughout history has faced storms that "threaten to overwhelm her."
What saves the church is not "courage or the quality of its members," but rather "faith in Christ and their word."
"In short, faith is not an escape from life's problems but sustains it along the journey and gives it meaning," Pope Francis said.
- - -
Follow Arocho on Twitter: @arochoju.
Governor Bruce Rauner says they will share their thoughts about the Illinois Senate's bipartisan “grand bargain” when they deliver their budget address Wednesday.
Rauner says he's been trying to stay out of the negotiations… but lawmakers on both sides have asked them to weigh in.
On a Facebook Live chat, the governor says special interests at both extremes of the political spectrum have tried to kill the deal, but they say they are a fan of “centrist” compromise.
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Those in attendance at Vikings games this year have had plenty to protest about. Though, no one saw this particular protest coming.
The Vikings played their season finale on Sunday against the Chicago Bears at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. During the game, protestors calling for U.S. Bank to end their funding of the Dakota Access Pipeline managed to hang a banner from the roof of the stadium:
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Some guy is hanging from a banner inside US Bank Stadium. pic.twitter.com/zFyr7hpMs3 — Jeff Dickerson (@DickersonESPN) January 1, 2017
Somebody just dropped a #NoDAPL banner at US Bank stadium pic.twitter.com/hyhlqY0SoL — Matt Harding (@mattharding51) January 1, 2017
A reporter then received a written statement from the protestors. Which they shared on Twitter:
Was just emailed this press release about the protest at US Bank Stadium. pic.twitter.com/kQ4lxA1hOl — Matt Vensel (@mattvensel) January 1, 2017
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK — Dan Halem and Tony Petitti have been promoted to deputy commissioner by baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred.
Halem becomes deputy commissioner for baseball administration and remains chief legal officer, Manfred said Monday. They will oversee labour relations, investigations, baseball operations, human resources and diversity efforts. They joined MLB in 2007 as senior vice-president and general counsel for labour, was promoted to executive vice-president of labour relations in December 2013 and to chief legal officer in December 2014.
Petitti becomes deputy commissioner of business and media and is in charge of marketing, broadcasting and media rights, the MLB Network, digital content, youth programming and special events. Petitti was president of the MLB Network from its inception in 2008 until December 2014, when they became MLB's chief operating officer.
The changes follow last month's announcement that Bob Bowman, the president of business and media, is leaving the commissioner's office.
A A
NEW YORK — Longtime “Today” show viewers are being treated to a familiar sight this week as Katie Couric returns to the co-anchor chair for the first time in more than a decade.
Couric rejoined Matt Lauer on Monday to begin a weeklong stint on the NBC morning program. They told Lauer, “It just feels like I never left.” They have made cameo appearances on the show in recent years, but Monday was their first time as a guest co-anchor.
Couric co-hosted “Today” with Lauer and their predecessor, Bryant Gumbel, from 1989 to 2006. They left NBC to become anchor of the CBS Evening News and is now with Yahoo News.
Couric is filling in for Savannah Guthrie, who's on maternity leave. Another former “Today” co-anchor, Meredith Vieira, will fill in next week.
By Aldous Tuck | February 14, 2017 | Culture
Go behind the scenes of Andy Warhol's legendary 1982 trip to China in a new exhibit coming to the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong.
The Mandarin Oriental in Central Hong Kong will be ground zero for the world's most well-heeled art lovers as they showcase a unique exhibition entitled “Warhol in China.” Consisting of over 200 provocative and lively photographs documenting Andy Warhol's legendary 1982 trip to China, the show, created in partnership with Phillips auction house, will run from March 20—April 2 and will culminate in a live auction on May 28. In addition to this stunning exhibition, the Mandarin Oriental is offering guests a special Warhol Art Package that will allow them to experience the creative genius on display around Hong Kong during Art Basel and then return to put their feet up and enjoy creature comforts like traditional tea with signature rosemary jam and fresh baked madeleines.
Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong, 5 Connaught Road, Central Hong Kong, +852-2522-0111
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
About 100 supporters of the University of Alaska rallied outside the state Capitol Friday to call on legislators to fully fund the state's university system.
Gov. Bill Walker's proposed budget for the next fiscal year flat-funds the university at $314 million, plus an additional $70 million for deferred maintenance. That's $24 million less than the university requested.
At the rally, legislators, university faculty and students spoke about the need to fund Alaska's public university to strengthen the state's workforce and economy.
Rep. Adam Wool, a Fairbanks Democrat, said they support fully funding the UA Board of Regents' budget request of $341 million.
“And the cuts that we've endured, the number of people we've cut, the number of millions of dollars we've cut in the last several years is deplorable,” Wool said. “We have to stop it now. We have to reverse the trend. We have to reinvest. I'm embarrassed every time I see these numbers come out.”
Forest Haven is a Ph.D. candidate at the University of California, Irvine studying the regulation and management of subsistence food resources in Southeast Alaska. Before that, they enrolled at UAS to get an associate degree, but with their professors' encouragement pursued a four-year cultural anthropology degree.
“But I think what often ends up happening when you cut funding is you're increasing class size, you're making it harder for professors and smaller universities to offer that sort of unique kind of intimate education that is available at UAS.”
UA President Jim Johnsen was at the Capitol earlier in the week presenting a budget overview to members of the House Finance Committee.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
TIMMINS -
A pair of victories in the past week helped pull the Schumacher Cubs to within a point of the Timmins Midget Hockey League-leading Iroquois Falls Eskimos.
Wednesday night, the Cubs blanked the Timmins Flyers 2-0 at the Archie Dillon Sportsplex.
Joseph Floreani scored their second goal of the season for the Cubs, while Landon McGrath added their ninth of the campaign.
There was no indication of which of the Cubs two goalies, Draiden Hacquard, or Noah Jordan, was in net to post the shutout.
Monday night, on home ice, the Cubs outscored the Eskimos 7-5 at the McIntyre Arena.
Branden Dubosq netted their fifth and sixth goals of the season and McGrath potted their seventh and eighth of the campaign to ignite the Cubs' attack.
Erik Boissonneault added their 11th goal of the season, while Joel Martin netted their 10th of the campaign and Brandin Thiffeault chipped in with their eighth of the season.
Connor Danis replied with their 17th and 18th goals of the season for the Eskimos, while Eric Daigle added their 18th of the season, Kael Barrette potted their eighth goal of the campaign and Maxime Narbonne chipped in with their 15th goal of the season.
Friday's lone TMHL contest saw the Kapuskasing Ice Hawks blank the Porcupine Gold Kings 6-0 at the Carlo Cattarello Arena.
The Ice Hawks got goals from six different players — Keegan Chubb their 19th, Matthew Hall their 15th, Matt Robert their 10th, Carlo Smokowich Jr their seventh, Martin Bouthillier their second and Dylan Morin their first — en route to the one-sided victory.
Again, there was no indication of whether Connor Johnson, or Mikael Leboeuf was in net for the Ice Hawks.
Thursday night, the Ice Hawks tripled the Flyers 6-2 at the Sports Palace in Kapuskasing.
Chubb scored a pair of goals, their 17th and 18th on the season, to pace the attack for the home side.
Bouthillier, with their first of the season; Brandon Fortier, with their second of the campaign; Patrick Gagnon with their 15th of the year; and Hall, with their 14th of the season, also found the back of the net for the Ice Hawks.
Scott Beaven and Tyler Brazeau each scored their third goals of the season for the Flyers.
On Tuesday, the Eskimos crushed the Gold Kings 10-2 at the Jus Jordan Arena in Iroquois Falls.
Danis scored four goals, to give them 22 on the season, to lead the charge for the Eskimos.
Narbonne chipped in with a pair of markers, to give them 17 on the campaign, while Reece Byron (third), Daigle (19th), Tyler Lallier (14th) and Jordan Lamothe (sixth) each found the back of the net once.
The Gold Kings got goals from Declan Clark (second) and Brock Cooper (ninth).
The Eskimos (16-5-0) hold a one-point lead over the Cubs (15-5-0) atop the TMHL standings.
The Ice Hawks (12-7-0) hold down third place, followed by the Flyers (6-15-0) and the Gold Kings (2-19-0).
Action the league is scheduled to continue on Tuesday night, with the Eskimos hosting the Flyers at the Jus Jordan Arena. Game time is set for 7:30 p.m.
“Affliction comes to us not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry, but wise.”
–H.G. Wells
Python Developer
– The ideal candidate will be a well-versed software developer with a solid level of experience using Python with some knowledge of PHP.
– The primary role is to deliver consistent high-quality customer value through client's digital delivery channels and to improve internal process efficiency.
– Previous pattern matching analysis is essential
– Emphasis on file handling and regular expressions
– Experience in website development, using PHP and MySQL database
– HTML 5 and CSS 3.0 experience
– Experience in modification of PDF files using API calls would be an advantage
– A background in the publishing industry would be an advantage
– Knowledge of Folio Views and NXT publishing platforms would be an advantage
– EBook (epub) development would be an advantage
– backend programming with Python in Windows-based environments or equivalent
Learn more/Apply for this position
Baldor Source: Baldor
Baldor Electric Company designs, manufacturers and markets a broad line of energy-efficient electric motors and adjustable speed drives, ranging from 1/50 to 800 horsepower. Get introduced to the broad line of energy-efficient electric motors and adjustable speed drives manufactured by Baldor or learn about our newest members to the product family.
Baldor strives to provide customers the best value in electric motors and drives. From the breadth of the product line, immediate availability, and the shortest lead times in the industry, to name a few, Baldor offers many advantages. Our entire company is focused on providing the best value to our customers, with emphasis on increasing quality and service, while reducing cost and time.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
The Philadelphia Sixers take the series at 4-1 to move on to the second round
Published 11:09 AM, April 25, 2018
PHILADELPHIA, United States – The Philadelphia 76ers advanced to the second round of the NBA Eastern Conference playoffs on Tuesday, April 24, defeating the Miami Heat 104-91 to seal a 4-1 series victory.
J.J. Redick scored 27 points and Joel Embiid weighed in with 19 as the Sixers set up a second round meeting against either Boston or Milwaukee.
A fiercely contested duel at Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center was effectively settled in the third quarter, when the Sixers pulled clear to take a decisive lead.
Prior to that there had been little to separate the two sides, with Miami holding the hosts 46-46 at halftime.
But the Sixers surged into a 66-54 lead after Robert Covington's three-pointer with 6:11 remaining in the third period.
Philadelphia eventually outscored Miami 34-20 in the third quarter, giving them a healthy buffer that Miami never came close to overturning.
The @sixers advance!
Redick: 27 PTS
Embiid: 19 PTS, 12 Rebs
Simmons: 14 PTS, 10 Rebs, 6 AST#PhilaUnite wins 104-91 to take the series 4-1 #NBAPlayoffs pic.twitter.com/tPtn8MAfpb — NBA (@NBA) April 25, 2018
Philadelphia will head into the next round in a buoyant mood after an impressive all-round offensive display that saw five players make double figures.
Embiid had 12 rebounds to go with their 19 points while Australian-born rookie Ben Simmons had 14 points, 10 rebounds and six assists.
Philadelphia transformed their fortunes this season after years languishing near the foot of the Eastern Conference.
In 2016, they finished bottom with just 10 wins and 72 defeats but turned it around this season to finish third in the East. – Rappler.com
From "Making a Murderer" to the Oscar-winning "Icarus" to the more recent "Flint Town," Netflix certainly has space carved out documentaries — there's ample support there for real stories told really, really well. The latest addition to this line-up is "Wild Wild Country," directed by brothers Maclain and Chapman Way and produced by the Duplass brothers. It concerns a clash between a small town and a cult that got ridiculously dangerous before becoming widely-forgotten part of American history. Here's what the reviews say:
'Wild Wild Country' Tells The Story Of The Rajneesh Movement's Time In Oregon
Directed by Chapman and Maclain Way (“The Battered Bastards of Baseball”), “Wild Wild Country” focuses on what at first seems like a relatively simple conflict. Followers of an Indian spiritual guru decided to build a commune in Oregon, and their neighbors were none too pleased about it.
[IndieWire]
Rajneesh came to fame in the late '60s and '70s as they attracted followers from all over the world to their ashram in Pune, India, which was known for intensely liberating group therapy and meditation sessions, as well as a free attitude toward sex. (He was nicknamed the “sex guru.”) In 1981, when the documentary begins, Rajneesh is relocating to rural Oregon to build a massive community on 80,000 acres of ranchland.
[Vogue]
While it all began with peace and love, it ended with attempted murder, the exploitation of thousands of homeless people, and cult leaders who ordered the poisoning of an entire town by spraying salad bars with salmonella.
[Gizmodo]
The Events Are Probably Stranger Than You Can Imagine
It is a story that involves religion, free love, land use disputes, one of the co-founders of Nike, an exalted guru, abuse of power, arson, the wife of one of the producers of The Godfather, attempted murder, mass poisoning, an obsession with Rolls-Royces, the homeless, election battles, and one extremely bizarre anecdote about attempting to contaminate a town's water supply using blended beaver parts.
[Vulture]
Told chronologically and using 250+ hours of footage and extensive new interviews, it places you into the contrasting experiences of people in this bizarre saga, leaving you to wonder in part how such a story could have been so forgotten by American history.
[RogerEbert.com]
At First, The Oregon Townsfolk Seem At Fault...
Like most good documentarians, the Ways conduct interviews with key figures in this drama without fully passing judgment on any of them and leaving it up to viewers to draw their own conclusions. There are moments, especially early on, when it seems like the citizens of Antelope may be acting purely out of bigotry and fear of the unknown.
[Vulture]
The residents who speak on camera talk about the absolute culture shock of the Rajneeshees coming in next door, and it becomes clear that the fear only sparked more defensiveness that turned into aggression on both sides. The images seen in the docuseries' beginning moments, of swarms of people in red strolling through their quiet Oregon town as if it were a peaceful invasion, are startling enough. But that evolves into more surprising tension, especially when the American legal system gets involved, and tries to find any bureaucratic way possible to shut down the Rajneeshees.
[RogerEbert.com]
... As You Learn More About The Cult And About Sheela, Rajneesh's Second-In-Command, Things Get Twisted
Sheela — an outspoken figure who's clearly a little too in love with the spotlight — is bound to be a polarizing figure for viewers. Even before accusations start getting tossed their way, she's the antithesis of what Americans have come to expect from religious leaders. “Jesus said, ‘turn the other cheek,'” Sheela says after facing the first bit of resistance from Antelope residents. “Well, we say take both cheeks.” While they don't engage in outright hate speech, Sheela is unafraid to provoke the masses.
[IndieWire]
It is thanks to them that Rajneeshpuram (as the commune was known) engaged in criminal activity against its Oregonian neighbors, including arson, biowarfare, and attempted murder.
[Vogue]
In short, [Sheela] makes Walter White look like Mary Poppins.  They are fascinating. Someone should make a limited series just about them
[Vulture]
The Way Brothers Draw On Tons Of Great Archival Footage
Recent fictionalized series about cults and cultlike groups, including Paramount's Waco and American Horror Story: Cult, have floundered somewhat, partly because it's difficult to dramatize the hold leaders like David Koresh and Charles Manson had on their followers. But with Wild Wild Country, it's all there on tape. The series's directors, Chapman Way and Maclain Way, have access to a wealth of news broadcasts, archival footage, and videos recorded by the Rajneeshees themselves.
[The Atlantic]
There are news reports from local and national outlets covering every piece of this conflict. Interviews from those reports show locals openly admitting to not liking the outsiders, but there are just as many interviews with Sheela saying horrible things about the townsfolk.
[IndieWire]
And The Story Definitely Resonates With Recent Events
“They're invading,” an Oregonian said at the time. “Maybe not with bullets, but with money and, um, immoral sex.” In the long and successful fight to get rid of Rajneeshpuram — which led to the deportation of the Bhagwan and the jailing of some of their followers — the government used immigration law, accusations of church-and-state violations and the denial of voter registration as tactics.
[The New York Times]
[It's] in part the story of a generational divide, a culture war between smug flower children who heap contempt on their less enlightened neighbors and scowling old folks deeply suspicious of anyone who deviates from their “God, guns, and red meat” lifestyle. It's also the story of what happens when you create a religion with no consistent moral center, as Bhagwan did when they cherry-picked spiritual teachings from around the globe to justify their love of diamond watches, Rolls-Royces, and huffing nitrous oxide.
[The A.V. Club]
It's a story that continues to replicate itself over and over across America: New populations with different cultures, beliefs, or races move into regions with established residents resistant to changing their habitual way of life.
[Thrillist]
The Interviews In 'Wild Wild Country' Make It Clear That, For Those Who Lived It, There Was No Tidy Ending
The talking head interviews add more to the story instead of normalizing the production, and like with the contemporary, excellent songs used to proclaim further storytelling inspiration, “Wild Wild Country” proves to be invigorating historical documentary filmmaking.
[RogerEbert.com]
What's most striking about “Wild Wild Country” is how present, and unyielding, the passions of the combatants remain. Mention the Bhagwan and Prem Niren still chokes up, while a rancher who led the opposition still spits out the word “evil.”
[The New York Times]
TL;DR
It's all quite relevant to today, but more than anything, “Wild Wild Country” does what neither side did in the '80s: It pushes past the assumptions, the rage, the discrimination, the overt and implied xenophobia, and the troubling connections between church and state to illustrate what these people have in common and what prejudices drove them apart.
[IndieWire]
Watch The Trailer
Feb 2 (Reuters) - United Breweries Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 473.8 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 484.9 MILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 26.08 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 22.28 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* SAYS CAPITAL INVESTMENTS ON TRACK YEAR TO DATE Source text - bit.ly/2nvi1Jc Further company coverage:
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
NEW YORK (CNS) -- The following are capsule reviews of theatrical movies on network and cable television the week of Feb. 11. Please note that televised versions may or may not be edited for language, nudity, violence and sexual situations.
Sunday, Feb. 11, 8-10:30 p.m. EST (TCM) "The Grapes of Wrath" (1940). Outstanding adaptation of John Steinbeck's novel about an Okie family who lose their farm and join other Dust Bowl refugees on the road to exploitation as migrant workers. Told with gritty realism but with a compassion that still engages viewers more than 75 years later, director John Ford's definitive portrait of uprooted and dispossessed Americans during the Depression features compelling performances by a superior cast, including Henry Fonda as young Tom Joad, perplexed and angry that people are starving in a land of plenty, and Jane Darwell as the formidable Ma Joad whose perseverance and optimism keep the family together. Brutalizing conditions of poverty and some violence. The Catholic News Service classification of the theatrical version was A-II -- adults and adolescents. Not rated by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Tuesday, Feb. 13, 6-8 p.m. EST (TCM) "Babette's Feast" (1987). Screen version of a story by Isak Dinesen, set in a rugged Danish fishing village in 1871, shows the impact of a French housekeeper (Stephane Audran) on two pious sisters who carry on their late father's work as pastor of a dwindling religious flock. The conclusion follows the preparation and consumption of an exquisite French meal, with focus on its sensual and religious implications and its healing effect on the austere sect and the Frenchwoman who prepares it. Danish director Gabriel Axel's low-key and understated work is rich with detail and fine, controlled performances. Subtitles. Cerebral treatment. The Catholic News Service classification of the theatrical version was A-II -- adults and adolescents. The Motion Picture Association of America rating was G -- general audiences. All ages admitted.
Friday, Feb. 16, 8-10 p.m. EST "Wreck-It Ralph" (2012). This clever animated adventure, directed by Rich Moore, ponders the meaning of life inside a video arcade machine once the "Game Over" message appears. The perennial bad guy (voice of John C. Reilly) of the title wants to be just like their good-guy opponent (voice of Jack McBrayer). So they abandon their game for others in search of fame and glory. Along the way they encounter a violent warrior (voice of Jane Lynch) and an outcast (voice of Sarah Silverman) from a racing game with whom they bond. The pair unites to overcome prejudice and embrace their differences, offering a positive lesson in self-esteem for young viewers. Mild cartoonish violence, some rude humor. The Catholic News Service classification of the theatrical version was A-II -- adults and adolescents. The Motion Picture Association of America rating was PG -- parental guidance suggested. Some material may not be suitable for children.
Friday, Feb. 16, 8-10:02 p.m. EST (Lifetime) "Tyler Perry's Daddy's Little Girls" (2007). Romantic drama about a hard-luck Atlanta mechanic and devoted single father (Idris Elba) battling to get custody of their three daughters (Sierra Aylina McClain, Lauryn Alisa McClain and China Anne McClain) from their ex-wife (Tasha Smith) and their drug-dealing boyfriend (Gary Sturgis). To help pay the bills, they chauffeur a successful, but unlucky at love, attorney (Gabrielle Union) whose offer to help them with their legal fight leads to romance. Written and directed by Christian filmmaker Tyler Perry, the earnestly sentimental script is not without some formulaic elements. But the honest performances and strong affirmations of faith, family and community -- as well as its positive depiction of African-American fatherhood -- outshine the shortcomings. Sexual humor, including a brief crude sight gag, some violence, drug references, an implied sexual encounter, a false accusation of rape and some crude expressions. The Catholic News Service classification of the theatrical version was A-III -- adults. The Motion Picture Association of America rating was PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
Saturday, Feb. 17, 7:30-10:30 p.m. EST (AMC) "Independence Day" (1996). Compelling sci-fi thriller in which huge alien spaceships level three American cities before the president (Bill Pullman), a computer whiz (Jeff Goldblum) and a Marine pilot (Will Smith) mount a last-ditch effort to disable the spacecraft's impenetrable shields. Director Roland Emmerich's patriotic-themed disaster flick is powered by an action-packed story line, spectacular special effects and sympathetic characters who provide some human dimension to the proceedings. Intense depiction of massive destruction but little gore, brief sexual innuendo and minimal profanity. The Catholic News Service classification of the theatrical version was A-III -- adults. The Motion Picture Association of America rating was PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
- - -
Mulderig is on the staff of Catholic News Service.
Members of Partido Manggagawa in Bulacan say their applications have been pending with the National Housing Authority for two years and counting
MANILA, Philippines – Informal settlers living in Bulacan trooped to the local office of the National Housing Authority (NHA) in the province to call for the approval of their housing applications, which have been pending for two years.
Led by labor group Partido Manggagawa (PM), the rally in front of the NHA office in Balagtas, Bulacan on Monday, April 17, was attended by around 500 residents in danger zones and sites due for demolition.
PM Bulacan spokesperson Ver Estorosas claimed that these "legitimate applicants" went through the process set by the NHA for them to be granted homes.
As early as April 7, 2015, Estorosas said, a letter from Bulacan Governor Wilhelmino Alvarado was sent to NHA-Central Luzon, endorsing 100 families for the housing program. Another 325 applicants were also endorsed by Alvarado after.
They also had a dialogue in the governor's office on July 15, 2015, where NHA representatives agreed to give housing units to those living in danger zones in Bulacan and to immediately process the applications of the first 100 families endorsed.
"Hinihiling ngayon ng grupo na aprubahan na ang naturang mga aplikasyon dahil bukod sa dumaan ito sa tamang proseso, available at nabubulok na nga halos ang mga nakatiwangwang na pabahay sa Bulacan, katulad ng binabanggit ng grupong Kadamay na nagsagawa ng kampanyang okupasyon noong nakaraang buwan," said PM in a statement.
(The group is now asking for the approval of these housing applications because, aside from the fact that these went through the right process, the units in Bulacan are available but going to waste, just like what Kadamay said when it occupied housing units last month.)
NHA Resettlement and Development chief Elsie Trinidad said they have yet to check the applications being claimed by the group.
In total, there are 36 housing projects located in 12 municipalities and cities in Bulacan. Kadamay (Kalipunan ng Damayang Mahihirap) estimated that there are 15,000 vacant housing units in these projects, where the houses for the police and the military are located.
Vice President Leni Robredo, former housing chief, earlier said that 80% of the houses intended for security personnel were left idle since most of the beneficiaries were on field assignments.
Informal settlers in Metro Manila who were awarded houses in Bulacan also either left their homes vacant, sold them, or are renting them out because there aren't as many jobs in the province compared to in the city. (READ: Why P600-a-month housing is still a burden to the poor)
Last month, Kadamay occupied thousands of housing units in Bulacan supposedly after unending dialogues with the NHA that these would be distributed. The NHA then said the houses would be granted to them if they undergo the application process.
Kadamay resisted, prompting the government to issue threats of eviction. Weeks later, President Rodrigo Duterte ordered the distribution of cops' and soldiers' housing units to Kadamay members. – Patty Pasion / Rappler.com
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD, Va. -- A Chesterfield mom wants answers after they said their son was asked to clean the bathroom at their Midlothian daycare.
“It had been brought to my attention that my child was at the daycare cleaning, more specifically cleaning toilet seats in bathrooms,” said Dushunna Scott. “He said me and one of my friends we cleaned the bathrooms, and I said what do you mean and they said we cleaned the toilet seats.”
Dushunna Scott said their 5 year old performed that chore Tuesday, at Childtime of Midlothian at 1220 Adverser Drive.
“We're definitely concerned that has there already been some type of contamination with some type of body fluid,” Scott said.
Scott says they questioned their son after noticing their classmates cleaning when they picked them up.
They immediately wrote the daycare director.
“I saw a child scrubbing the floor with a hand brush and another child with a broom. I don't believe those tasks are a part of the curriculum,” Scott read from an email they sent the school.
“We're committed to providing outstanding early education and care in keeping with state guidelines. When a child requests to help, we encourage them to do so as a learning opportunity. This typically involves helping serve snacks, putting games and art materials away, pushing in chairs and the like. Last week, a few children wanted to help as a classroom was being tidied. They were in gloves at the time, as they often are when they assist.
"For health and safety purposes, we've instructed staff to prevent children from assisting in the bathrooms going forward. Nothing is more important to us than our children's well being,” Childtime wrote in a statement.
“I want to see some accountability for the actions of the teachers,” said Scott.
Scott said they were told that their Pre-K student was cleaning the bathroom stalls, not the toilet seats.
“My child would not lie to me they do not clean toilet seats at home so for them to tell me they are cleaning a toilet seat I have no reason to believe they would be telling a lie” Scott said.
“The teachers and staff should be cleaning the toilets, not my son because we pay good money,” said Scott.
Scott says they are all for teaching responsibility and for children cleaning up after themselves but educating their son must come first.
“They're taking time away from classroom instruction to clean bathrooms and that's totally unacceptable,” Scott said.
Scott said their son has attended Childtime since they were 18 months old which makes the decision of leaving difficult.
“It's kind of a hard situation because they do have friends there that he's bonded with over the years,” Scott said. “If Childtime can step in and really make some changes immediately then they can stay there if I feel their safety and wellbeing is intact. If not, we're going to need to change and make some decisions.”
Since March 2013, Childtime of Midlothian has been cited with violations from 10 out of 16 visits by the Virginia Department of Social Services. Two of them included the improper storing of cleaning supplies and not ensuring proper handwashing.
* TSX down 65.99 points, or 0.42 percent, to 15,481.76
* Nine of the TSX's 10 main groups were down
TORONTO, April 3 Canada's main stock index was broadly lower late morning on Monday, reversing earlier gains as a retreat led by financial stocks offset advances by mining stocks.
The financials group slipped 0.8 percent, as six of the 10 most influential decliners were banks and insurers. Royal Bank of Canada was down 0.9 percent at C$96.02, while Sun Life Financial fell 1.8 percent to C$47.68.
Enbridge Inc, another influential decliner, fell 1.3 percent to C$54.99. The energy group, which retreated 0.7 percent, tracked oil prices which were pressured by a rebound in Libyan oil output. U.S. crude prices were down 0.7 percent to $50.25 a barrel, while Brent crude lost 0.6 percent to $53.19.
Magna International Inc also dragged on the index, sliding 2.8 percent to C$55.81, helping push the consumer discretionary group down 0.5 percent.
At 10:59 a.m. ET (1459 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index fell 65.99 points, or 0.42 percent, to 15,481.76. All but one of the index's 10 main groups were in the red. The index mirrored moves lower on Wall Street.
Teck Resources Ltd was up 4 percent to C$30.25, as thermal coal prices and European coal futures climbed. Prices rose due to a disruption of coal exports caused by rail line damage in northeast Australia from Cyclone Debbie, which struck last week.
Gold miners including Barrick Gold Corp, which advanced 1.6 percent to C$25.67, and Franco Nevada Corp , which climbed 1.6 percent to C$88.52, helped give the overall materials group a 1.1 percent boost.
In economic data, Canadian business were more optimistic about future sales and exports, and plan to boost hiring and investment to meet demand despite uncertainty about U.S. protectionism, according to the Bank of Canada's quarterly business outlook survey.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the TSX by 143 to 98, for a 1.46-to-1 ratio on the downside.
The index was posting 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by David Gregorio)
A RESIDENTIAL development, shops and potentially a hotel reportedly are among the long-awaited plans for the future of the Repatriation General Hospital site, despite strong community backlash against the idea.
ABC Radio Adelaide this morning revealed details of what it claimed was the latest $200 million redevelopment plan. The plan is believed to have been sitting with the Labor Government since before the election, with some people asking why the masterplan was not revealed before March 17.
It comes after the Labor Government signed a contract to sell the site to Adelaide-based ACH Group. In mid-February, the then Health Minister Peter Malinauskas confirmed the State Government was assessing changes to the plans.
Former Veterans Affairs Minister Martin Hamilton Smith this morning admitted they believed the Labor Government kept the plans under wraps “because the government didn't like it (the plans) at all”.
“It doesn't surprise me they would,” they said.
Former nurse manager at the Repat, Christine Doerr, said the “mixed use” plans for the site was “no surprise”.
“When it was rezoned as a mixed use site, this was always going to be on the cards,” they told ABC Radio Adelaide.
“What's going to be interesting now ... the Liberals within their first 100 days promised to reopen the Repat for certain things.
“There is a pressing need for some areas to reopen to address some of the fallout from Transforming Health such as blown out emergency surgery waiting list times.
“We must use it (the site) for public health.”
Camera Icon Exterior of the Repat Hospital in Daw Park. Picture: The Advertiser
Transforming Health critic Professor Warren Jones said the Labor Government had “misused policy and power” in keeping the plans secret before the election.
Incoming Health Minister Stephen Wade has not yet seen the plans, however the newly elected Liberal Government has pledged to reopen surgical theatres at the site and flagged compulsory acquisition of key assets if necessary.
New Premier Steven Marshall has not put a figure on the cost of reopening the theatres, nor any potential compulsory acquisition of land or existing buildings.
The ACH Group has until April 30 to negotiate their master plan with the Liberal Government.
The Liberals long fought against the closure of the Repat as part of Labor's controversial Transforming Health reforms.
Former premier Mike Rann's pledged the Repat would “never, ever be closed by a Labor Government”.
The Advertiser has contacted the ACH Group for comment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROXANA, Ill. - Some parents are complaining about a pair of math questions written by an Illinois high school teacher on a classroom whiteboard.
The parents said the questions were not only in bad taste but gave the impression the teacher was making light of drug use, according to KTVI.
On Thursday, the Roxana School District superintendent confirmed these questions appeared during a first-year student math class.
The first question: "You take 600mg of cocaine, your body filters out 40% per hour, how high are you in three hours?"
The second question: "Unfortunately, you can't pay your dealer, so they set up a payment. You owe them $1,000 at 25% daily, how much do you owe one year later?"
The district said this was an example of poor judgment. A statement from the district reads, in part:
"The district is addressing the matter with the faculty member and those impacted by this incident. The faculty member has apologized to students and parents for this lapse in judgment and has reiterated the intent was never to promote or make light of illicit drug use. The district is taking the necessary measures to ensure that the damage is repaired. The district is addressing this issue as a personnel matter according to district policy."
Three years since the first weeklong Ithaca Pan Asian American Film Festival was held in locations around Ithaca, a group of students and professors are working to put on a mini, one-day festival to be held at Ithaca College. They began planning mid-March, though they had been discussing the idea throughout the semester.
IPAAFF is a student-run, student-led festival meant to support Asian American and Pacific Islander film, video and media makers by promoting films created by, starring or about Asian Americans. It was created by Katie Quan '15 and has been held annually since 2015. This year's festival was put together by past volunteers.
Students in the culture, race and ethnicity class titled IC Pan Asian American Film Festival: The Making of a Film Festival have organized the festival each year. Christine Kitano, assistant professor in the Department of Writing, said Quan worked with Phuong Nguyen, former Asian American studies professor at the college; Sue-Je Gage, associate professor in the Department of Anthropology; and Changhee Chun, associate professor in the Department of Media Arts, Sciences and Studies, to create the class and festival. Kitano said that this year, IPAAFF is scaled down because the course did not run this year.
“This year is really much more about celebrating that we've had four years of this festival and honoring the seniors who have been with us from the beginning,” they said.
Senior Monica Chen said that the course usually runs during the spring semester but that because Nguyen left the college and is now teaching at another institution, it did not run this year. They said the course will be running during Block I in Fall 2018 and will be taught by Kitano and Bradley Rappa, assistant professor in the Department of Media Arts, Sciences and Studies.
“It's not our full festival,” Chen said. “It's just kind of a prequel for what's to come in the fall.”
Chen said they took an Asian American studies course during their first-year student year with Nguyen and heard about IPAAFF through him. They said they decided to take the course the next year and has been involved since.
“As a writing major, I'm definitely interested in media and media representation and how we create our own narrative, whether it be through literature or through film, TV and different types of media,” Chen said.
Kitano said they have been involved with IPAAFF since its first year because Quan was one of their students, although they were not an instructor that year.
“I saw that this was something they were very passionate about, and so I wanted to help out, and I realized it was something that students really enjoy doing,” Kitano said.
Senior Brenna Williams took the course in its first year, and they have stayed involved with IPAAFF since then. This year, they have two films featured in the festival. One is their thesis film, “Robbery for Dummies,” and the other is a documentary they made for their nonfiction class about their adoption.
“It's kind of my story of discovering who I am and how I identify with my Chinese past,” Williams said.
Williams said they are excited to have their work shown at IPAAFF and to be involved in the festival again. They said it is important and inspirational for them to see work by other Asian American filmmakers because they are not typically represented as much in the mainstream media.
“Being a minority, it's empowering to see others in that position where you want to go,” Williams said.
Chen said IPAAFF is important because it gives people the chance to discuss the issue of inaccurate representation or underrepresentation of Asian Americans in the media while also showcasing their work.
“Having this opportunity to speak about media representation, specifically about Asian Americans and other communities, is really important to start a dialogue, start a narrative, as well as really address some of the issues we see on a larger scale,” they said.
Chen said they hope people who attend IPAAFF learn about some of the diverse experiences of Asian Americans through the films and following discussion.
“We don't want to just create this one monolithic narrative of what it means to be Asian American or Pacific Islander,” Chen said.
There will be eight films screened at IPAAFF from 6 to 10 p.m. April 27 in Park Auditorium.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A number of restaurants and stores are offering deals or freebies Tuesday in honor of tax day. These are all national deals and you should check with your local location to make sure they are taking part.
Restaurants
Arby's – Free curly fries on Tax Day
Free curly fries on Tax Day Bonefish Grill – $5 Bang Bang Shrimp after 4 p.m. in select locations
$5 Bang Bang Shrimp after 4 p.m. in select locations Bravo Cucina Italiana – Mention “Tax-Free Tax Day” for a sales tax-free meal
Mention “Tax-Free Tax Day” for a sales tax-free meal Brixx Wood Fired Pizza – After 5 p.m., you can purchase two entrees and get two free entrees
– After 5 p.m., you can purchase two entrees and get two free entrees Chili's – $6 blueberry and pineapple margaritas
– $6 blueberry and pineapple margaritas Chuck E Cheese – Buy any large pizza, get one free large cheese pizza.
– Buy any large pizza, get one free large cheese pizza. Cinnabon – Two free Classic Bites
– Two free Classic Bites Dickey's Barbecue Pit – Free dessert with $10 purchase
– Free dessert with $10 purchase Firehouse Subs –Free medium sub with purchase of a medium or large sub, chips, and a medium drink
–Free medium sub with purchase of a medium or large sub, chips, and a medium drink Godfather's Pizza – Large one-topping pizza with Monkey Bread for $10.40
– Large one-topping pizza with Monkey Bread for $10.40 Great American Cookies – Free Birthday Cake cookie
– Free Birthday Cake cookie Hooters – 20 boneless wings for $4.18 or free kids meal with a $10 purchase.
– 20 boneless wings for $4.18 or free kids meal with a $10 purchase. Logan's Roadhouse – Buy one, get one free entree
– Buy one, get one free entree McDonald's – Call your local McDonald's to find out what Tax Day deals are being offered. Deals may include: Buy one, get one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with cheese for $0.01, $0.15, or $0.25 Free small French fries Hamburger for $0.59
– Call your local McDonald's to find out what Tax Day deals are being offered. Deals may include: Noodles & Company – $4 off an online order of $10 or more
– $4 off an online order of $10 or more Papa John's – Large pizza with up to three toppings and a two-liter soft drink for $10.40
– Large pizza with up to three toppings and a two-liter soft drink for $10.40 Papa Murphy's – Two Take ‘N' Bake Pizzas for $10.40
– Two Take ‘N' Bake Pizzas for $10.40 P.F. Chang's – 20% off takeout
– 20% off takeout Pizza Hut – 30% off online orders
– 30% off online orders Quiznos – As a Quiznos Toasty Points member, you can enjoy 10.40% off your purchase. If you are a new member, you can get a free four-inch sub when you download the app
– As a Quiznos Toasty Points member, you can enjoy 10.40% off your purchase. If you are a new member, you can get a free four-inch sub when you download the app Schlotzsky's – Free small Original sandwich with purchase of a 32-ounce fountain drink and chips
– Free small Original sandwich with purchase of a 32-ounce fountain drink and chips Sonic – Half priced drinks and slushies all day
– Half priced drinks and slushies all day Sonny's BBQ – Half priced rib dinner
Retail
Barnes and Noble – 10% off any order
– 10% off any order Dollar General – 10% off any order
– 10% off any order French Toast –40% off any order
–40% off any order J.Crew Factory – 50% off any order, plus free shipping
– 50% off any order, plus free shipping Kohl's – 15% off orders over $10, plus free shipping 10% off orders over $75, plus free shipping; extra 15% off home items
– 15% off orders over $10, plus free shipping 10% off orders over $75, plus free shipping; extra 15% off home items Lord & Taylor – 30% off any order
– 30% off any order Macy's – Up to 60% off, plus free shipping on orders $49+
– Up to 60% off, plus free shipping on orders $49+ Neiman Marcus – Extra 20% off sale items
– Extra 20% off sale items Payless Shoes – 15% off any order
– 15% off any order Saks Fifth Avenue – Up to 80% off any order
Travel & Service Offers
JetBlue – You could win a free, one-way flight if you owe taxes this year.
– You could win a free, one-way flight if you owe taxes this year. Office Depot & Office Max – Get five pounds of document shredding for free
– Get five pounds of document shredding for free Planet Fitness – Free hydromassage
– Free hydromassage Staples – Print a coupon for up to two pounds of document shredding for free
Kerry Sherin, Offers.com, contributed to this report.
LEISURE facilities are being upgraded across Wrexham county borough.
Keen gym users, swimmers and exercisers will have noticed a raft of improvements at leisure centres and outdoor pitches in Wrexham.
The changes come as part of £2.7million worth of investment made by Wrexham Council and Freedom Leisure into all four leisure facilities and new 3G pitches across the county borough.
Many of these centres have already had upgrades and there are more improvements on the way.
The final touches are being put to improvements at Waterworld Leisure Centre in the town centre.
Last weekend the gym underwent closure for new flooring to be installed.
The gym will be closed from today until Friday with new equipment to be installed on the site during the week.
While the gym is closed, users could take the opportunity to visit updated facilities at Queensway, Chirk, or Gwyn Evans, all three of which have seen upgrades to their own equipment.
The facility will see an official re-opening event in the autumn.
Also taking shape are the dual use facilities at Ysgol Morgan Llwyd, with a new 3G pitch to be completed soon.
Along with Chirk Leisure and Activity Centre and the Queensway Stadium, Morgan Llwyd is one of three sites across the county borough to have new pitches installed.
Morgan Llwyd is the largest pitch of all three, with £140,000 in investment.
The new pitch will be able to cater for all levels of matches, including adult matches.
Cllr Paul Rogers, lead member for youth services and anti-poverty, with responsibility for leisure, said: “Work on all these facilities is coming on at an excellent pace and the whole set of works has just flown by – it won't be long before a completely new gym is in situ at Waterworld.
“And the soon-to-be complete work at Morgan Llwyd will crown more than £300,000 in investment at dual use sports pitches across the county borough, with work also having taken place at Chirk and Queensway.”
Bannon may have lied about how they first thought Islam was a "threat," so does that mean we should worry about Trump's reliance on their insights?
It's no secret Steve Bannon has a deep, often irrational fear of Islam and those who subscribe to it. But what's not clear is why they lied about how they got the idea that Muslims were a threat to America.
At a delicate time when political unrest is leading to serious and even deadly incidents, President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist doesn't seem to be helping restore the public's now frail trust in the current administration. And according to The Intercept, that's because they seem unable to be honest about the true reason why he's so fearful of Muslim-majority nations.
Read More Steve Bannon's Favorite Book Shows Exactly How Their Racist Mind Works
While talking to journalist Joshua Green, the author of “Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the Presidency,” Bannon said they first noticed that Islam represented a “threat” when they served on a Navy destroyer in the Arabian Sea.
According to the strategist, they were able to tell that the threat “was just going to be huge” even then, as they served as a junior officer.
This is how they told Green the story:
“We'd pull into a place like Karachi, Pakistan — this is 1979, and I'll never forget it — the British guys came on board, because they still ran the port. The city had 10 million people at the time. We'd get out there, and 8 million of them had to be below the age of fifteen. It was an eye-opener. We'd been other places like the Philippines where there was mass poverty. But it was nothing like the Middle East. It was just a complete eye-opener. It was the other end of the earth.”
But The Intercept discovered that when the story is actually researched in depth, it appears that Bannon had the details all wrong.
The publication talked to at least six sailors who served with Bannon while they occupied the destroyers in 1979 and the information they shared with reporters matched the ship deck's logs. What The Intercept found is that Karachi, the commercial hub of Pakistan, did not have that large of a population in 1979. As a matter of fact, it was closer to 5 million at the time. But what's more concerning is that according to Bannon's colleagues, the USS Paul F. Foster ship on which they served never visited Karachi with Trump's chief strategist on board. Instead, the ship visited several other ports at Hawaii, Guam, Philippines, Christmas Island, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
So was Bannon lying?
Unless they developed a false memory that led them to believe they were in Pakistan between 1979 and 1980, the answer is probably yes.
Still, it's important to note that, as Splinter so aptly pointed out, the fact Bannon's ideologies may not be rooted in facts but in fiction “is important considering they now wield unwavering power in the White House.”
So is the president relying on a team of aides and, in this case, strategists, who are simply delusional? And if so, could this be putting the country in danger, especially when it comes to foreign policy? If Bannon's fabricated story is to be taken into account, then the answer to both questions is probably yes.
Banner and thumbnail image credit: Reuters/Carlos Barria
Thousands of stone tools dating back as far as 385,000 years that have been uncovered in India suggest humans might have migrated from Africa much earlier than previously thought.
Scroll for more content...
Until now, many researchers believed that ancient tool-making technology -- chipping off sharp-edged pieces of stone from larger rocks to make primitive axes, knives and cleavers -- came to India between 140,000 and 90,000 years ago.
However, in a study by archeologist Shanti Pappu and their team from the Sharma Centre for Heritage Education in India, stone tools discovered at Attirampakkam, a prehistoric site in southeast India, were dated back to between 385,000 and 172,000 years ago.
Even though no human remains were found alongside the artifacts, the find, which was publicized in the journal Nature on Wednesday, has opened up several interpretations. One interpretation is that the era of African migration could date back a hundred thousand years earlier than previously thought.
"It was believed that this culture came to India much later, only post 125,000 years ago with modern humans" Pappu says.
According to the study, these tools are crucial for testing theories about the origins and early evolution of these cultures, and for understanding their association with modern humans or their prehistoric ancestors.
"We don't know who made these tools nor do we know how many local influences prevailed as compared to possible influences from dispersing hominins out of Africa," Pappu told CNN, adding that these are questions for further studies.
According to Pappu, funding for sustained long-term research has been the key to this study and they will continue to raise funds to maintain their search for the right answers to this new discovery.
BRIEF-TG Therapeutics says follow-up data for combination of TGR-1202 plus Ibrutinib
* TG Therapeutics, Inc. Announces follow-up data for combination of TGR-1202 (umbralisib) plus ibrutinib in patients with relapsed or refractory cll and mcl at the 14th international conference on malignant lymphoma
May 3 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the fourth day in the second Test between West Indies and Pakistan on Wednesday in Bridgetown, Barbados West Indies 1st innings 312 (R. Chase 131, J. Holder 58; M. Abbas 4-56) Pakistan 1st innings 393 (A. Ali 105, Misbah-ul-Haq 99, A. Shehzad 70; S. Gabriel 4-81) West Indies 2nd innings (Overnight: 28-1) K. Brathwaite c Y. Khan b Shah 43 K. Powell c S. Ahmed b Abbas 6 S. Hetmyer b Amir 22 S. Hope c Az. Ali b Shah 90 R. Chase c&b Shah 23 V. Singh b Abbas 32 S. Dowrich c Shafiq b Shah 2 J. Holder c Y. Khan b Shah 1 D. Bishoo not out 16 A. Joseph c Amir b Shah 7 S. Gabriel not out 0 Extras (b-16 lb-2 nb-1 w-3) 22 Total (for 9 wickets, 102 overs) 264 Fall of wickets: 1-8 K. Powell,2-41 S. Hetmyer,3-97 K. Brathwaite,4-155 R. Chase,5-235 S. Hope,6-235 V. Singh,7-236 J. Holder,8-252 S. Dowrich,9-261 A. Joseph To bat: Bowling Mohammad Amir 21 - 8 - 44 - 1(w-1) Mohammad Abbas 25 - 6 - 57 - 2(w-2) Yasir Shah 39 - 12 - 90 - 6 Shadab Khan 17 - 0 - 55 - 0(nb-1) Referees Umpire: Richard Kettleborough Umpire: Bruce Oxenford TV umpire: Richard Illingworth Match referee: Chris Broad
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain gestures after winning a second set tie-breaker against Simona Halep of Romania (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain hits a forehand against Simona Halep of Romania (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Simona Halep of Romania hits a backhand against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Simona Halep of Romania reacts after winning a point against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Simona Halep of Romania hits a backhand against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain hits a backhand against Simona Halep of Romania (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain salutes the crowd after their match against Simona Halep of Romania (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 3-6, 7-6(7), 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain (left) shakes hands with Simona Halep of Romania (right) after their match on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 3-6, 7-6(7), 6-2. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States waves to the crowd after their match against Angelique Kerber of Germany (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States serves against Angelique Kerber of Germany (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Angelique Kerber of Germany hits a forehand against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States (R) shakes hands with Angelique Kerber of Germany (L) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Angelique Kerber of Germany hits a backhand against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Angelique Kerber of Germany (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 29, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a backhand against Angelique Kerber of Germany (not pictured) on day nine of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 7-5, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Venus Williams beat top seed Angelique Kerber on Wednesday to advance to a Miami Open semi-final against Britain's Johanna Konta.
American 11th seed Williams, who is seeking their fourth Miami title, survived a long first set before they completed a 7-5 6-3 victory over Germany's Kerber on a calm evening in south Florida.
Konta, the 10th seed, had earlier recovered from the brink of defeat to edge third seed Simona Halep in a three-set encounter that lasted two hours, 30 minutes.
Halep was only two points from victory in the second set, but could not put away their opponent, who pounced on the Romanian's evident emotional fragility to prevail 3-6 7-6(7) 6-2.
Williams, 36, whose previous Miami titles came in 1998, 1999 and 2001, will meet Konta in the semi-final, while Czech second seek Karolina Pliskova faces Danish 12th seed Carolina Wozniacki.
Williams, playing in front of a crowd that included their popcorn-munching father Richard, took nearly an hour to take the first set from Kerber, but made quicker work of the second.
Halep, meanwhile, got down on themselves after losing the second set tiebreak to Konta.
"It was a really tough match, very high level," Halep told the WTA. "I was so close to winning, I was two points away in the tiebreak, but they played very strong and deserved to win."
Despite the result, Halep took comfort from a solid tournament as they work their way back from a knee injury.
"I'm happy to be here after the break that I had. I'm just disappointed I lost a match I had in my hands. But my confidence is there, the game is there, I just need to play matches."
Them post-match comments were more positive than their negative remarks to coach Darren Cahill after the second set.
"This is my character," Halep grumbled to their coach. "Two double faults at the end of the tiebreak and I miss all the balls."
Cahill told a sullen Halep they were a better athlete than Konta, imploring them to make their opponent run in the third set.
"You can write yourself off but I'm not writing you off," Cahill said. "It's up to you. It comes from within ... be brave in the big moments."
But Halep was completely outplayed in the final set, and they said afterwards their exchange with Cahill was nothing out of the ordinary.
"It's just my personality to be hard on myself. I want to change that in the future. I can say that I'm better than before, and I'm working on it."
(Story corrects to remove reference to semi-final in headline.)
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Toby Davis/Greg Stutchbury)
NEW YORK The credit quality of U.S. states is declining because of political uncertainty out of Washington and expenses that have outpaced inflation, according to a report on Tuesday from global investment management firm Conning Inc.
The firm's bi-annual examination of states also noted stalled state revenue growth, a continuing problem. In its last report in October, Conning had lowered its outlook on the state sector because revenues had fallen slightly.
State tax revenues grew only 0.4 percent in 2016 due to low oil prices, weak equity markets and lower corporate profits, the report said.
A new pressure has also emerged, with uncertain federal policies that could impact the public finance sector coming from President Donald Trump's administration, including proposals to replace Medicaid funding with block grants, reduce aid to so-called sanctuary cities and cut education programs.
"These actions will require states to either raise taxes, spend more to maintain existing programs, or reduce services," the Conning report said.
Depressed drilling activity and low oil prices have also dampened activity in Alaska, North Dakota and Louisiana, all of which have drawn on reserves to balance their budgets, the report said.
A few other states, particularly Illinois, New Jersey and Connecticut, continue to struggle with high debt and unfunded pension liabilities.
However, some parts of the Pacific Northwest and the Southeast have had above-average growth because of regulations and tax policies favorable to businesses, the report said.
(Reporting by Hilary Russ in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Veterans and first responders teamed up for a multi-state bicycle ride making several stops on the Gulf Coast.
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
ARCANUM – Arcanum's distance runners set a high standard last year when they qualified for state in the 4×800 meter relay, but this year the Trojans have met and exceeded every expectation placed on them.
This year's 4×800 meter relay team of senior Chance Klipstine, junior Tanner Delk, junior Justin Vanatta and first-year student Landen Kreusch made it back to the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Klipstine in the 800 meter run and Delk in the 3,200 meter runs also advanced to state as individuals, making 2018 one of the most successful seasons in recent memory for the Trojan track and field program.
“I expected a little bit of a drop off this year,” Arcanum distance coach Jon Junkins said of the relay team. “You replace a kid like Isaac (Stephens), who was a senior last year and one of our best 800 runners we've had in this school for a while, you replace them with a first-year student coming in, I expected a little bit of a drop off. They actually got even faster than they were last year.”
The Trojans were able to overcome the loss of Stephens with a total team effort this season. All four of the relay members ran personal-best times during last week's regional meet, which allowed them to improve their season-best time as a group by more than 11 seconds.
“We're actually running even faster than we did last year, which is good to see,” Delk said. “It was definitely unexpected. Surprised us a lot. Just came out of nowhere.”
Kreusch, being the lone newcomer on the squad, said they felt the pressure to perform and help the Trojans get back to Columbus.
“Motivation was definitely there,” they said. “We all had the common goal of going back to state so I didn't want to be like the one to not let us go so I was just pushing as hard as I could so we could go back to state.”
With their season-best time now at 8:14.09, the Arcanum runners are within four seconds of the school record time. They've set their sights on taking down that school record on Friday in Columbus.
“It's within reach,” Vanatta said.
Arcanum's time of 8:14.09 is the 10th fastest in Division III entering this week's state meet. That gives the Trojans hope that they could break into the top eight and earn a spot on the podium.
“Any place we can get with that we'll be happy with,” Vanatta said. “The majority of times we saw were 8:10 to 8:15 so if we might have a chance.”
In their individual events, both Delk and Klipstine would like to set new personal bests this weekend and possibly contend for a spot on the podium.
Delk has a personal-best time of 9:45.21 in the 3,200 meters, and Junkins expects them to excel in the fast-paced conditions of the state meet.
“I think he's going to surprise some people,” the Arcanum coach said. “I think he's got another PR in them this year. I think a faster-paced race is going to serve them well. They always have their kick at the end so not matter where he's at he's going to have their kick at the end. I think top eight is definitely doable for him.”
Klipstine benefited from a new OHSAA rule this season that increased the number of state qualifiers from 16 to 18 in each running event. They finished fifth in the regional meet, which in previous years would have ended their season, but earned one of the two at-large spots in the 800 meters thanks to their fast time of 1:57.10 at regionals.
“He went sub-two (minutes) about two weeks ago, and ever since then it's been a second here, a second here, just dropping a second every time they run,” Junkins said. “His confidence is sky high right now. I expect a big run out of him.”
It wasn't until they were on the podium at regionals that Klipstine heard about the expanded field at state then a couple days later they discovered they had in fact been selected to compete in Columbus.
The Arcanum senior is excited to finish their high school career in Columbus alongside their teammates in the 4×800 meter relay and then in the 800 meter run.
“We've all dropped our times a whole bunch,” Klipstine said, “and it's just really exciting that I get to go there again as a senior.”
With three of the Trojans having raced at the state meet last year, their confidence is much higher this time around compared to last year when they left Columbus a bit shell-shocked by the size and speed of the meet.
“We know how it's like now because it was definitely different than any other meet,” Delk said. “We're going to be more prepared for it for sure, and we're going to know what to expect so that's good.”
And now that they're back, the Trojans are hoping to continue defying expectations and raising the bar.
“It's nice to, you know, keep the tradition alive, and hopefully we can go back stronger than we did last year,” Delk said.
Arcanum's 4×800 meter relay team will run in the Division III state finals at 9:45 a.m. Friday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus. Klipstine will run at approximately 11 a.m. Saturday in the 800 meter final then Delk will run at approximately 11:45 a.m. Saturday in the 3,200 meter final.
For more information about the OHSAA state track and field meet, visit http://www.ohsaa.org.
Arcanum senior Chance Klipstine will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 800-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Chance-Klipstine-WEB-1.jpg Arcanum senior Chance Klipstine will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 800-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Arcanum junior Tanner Delk will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 3,200-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Tanner-Delk-WEB.jpg Arcanum junior Tanner Delk will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 3,200-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Arcanum junior Justin Vanatta will run in the 4×800 meter relay during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Justin-Vanatta-WEB.jpg Arcanum junior Justin Vanatta will run in the 4×800 meter relay during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Arcanum first-year student Landen Kreusch will run in the 4×800 meter relay during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Landen-Kreusch-WEB.jpg Arcanum first-year student Landen Kreusch will run in the 4×800 meter relay during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Arcanum senior Chance Klipstine will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 800-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_WEB-Chance-Klipstine.jpg Arcanum senior Chance Klipstine will run in the 4×800 meter relay and 800-meter run during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet. Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Speech to Text for In The Paint 2/2 Pt. 2
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
one of the most competitive sectionals in the wabash valley.. two of the best teams.. north knox and linton are ranked and still alive in the tournament.. but they've got to be careful with defending sectional champ south knox lurking in the semifinals.. the spartans hoping to play spoiler .. taking on 13th-ranked linton-stockton.. 3rd quarter.. mallory frye fins aubrey burgess cutting to the hoop.. that's too easy for the miners.. other end.. christie williams the rebound.. they push it out to hannah ivers for the deep ball.. that's a long two to get the spartans in the lead.. next possession .. vanessa shafford takes the jump shot for linton and that's good.. 14 points for them in this one.. to the 4th quarter.. mykayla couchenour steals away the loose ball.. they keep it under the block for the spartan bucket.. they're trailing.. ball back to the miners.. shafford drives.. forces up the shot and gets it to fall.. south knox called for a foul.. the and-one puts the miners up 4.. 30 seconds to play.. jarissa page hits the three from the wing.. that makes it a one point ball game late.. but linton would knock down its free throws.. the miners survive tonight.. linton holds on to beat south knox 40-37 .. and they live to play another day.. 10th ranked north knox in the other semfinal against eastern greene... 1st quarter.. farrah young buries the triple for the t-birds.. that puts them in the lead.. but they couldn't hold that for long.. reeva hammelman cuts into the lane and they score through the defender.. then.. reeva swings it over to rylee hammelman for a corner three.. north knox dominates in the semifinal.. the warriors defeat eastern greene 62-18.. that sets up a big time match up in tomorrow's championship as two ranked square off in linton and north knox. [537]no 9 rockville turkey run-vo one way or another rockville or turkey run would play their final girls basketball game in school history tonight... with the two schools set to consolidate next year, tonight's matchup between the lady rox and lady warriors would be the end for one program .... rockville and turkey run met in the first semifinal at the 1a north vermillion sectional.... baylee breedlove plays beat the buzzer and does with the three to end the first quarter ...rockville was up 12-4 after one.... senior ellen snodgrass hits a tough jumper with defenders all over her....she had 7 points and 12 rebounds for turkey run... taylor dugger wears number three for rockville and they put three on the board with the trifecta... taylor later with a great catch on the break, a nice finish off the glass... dugger led rockville with 16 points.... rockville wins 58-28 .....the lady rox advance on to the sectional finals... congrats to turkey run, they played their final girls basketall game in school history tonight... hard to believe, it was just seven years ago they played in the 1a state championship game... the second semi at north vermillion had faith christian against attica.... red ramblers have a nice player in karissa pluimer......the junior with a nice take.... they were hot early on, later they get baseline and connects .....she helped attica jump out to a nine-nothing lead and the red ramblers never looked back.... attica wins big 60-23 .... we're going to take our final timeout..... when we come back we'll have clay city sectional action.... and boys highlights from both casey-westfield and marshall... and we'll let you know if the isu women could stay red hot.... in the paint, will
AMSTERDAM Dutch drinks bottler Refresco (RFRG.AS) said on Wednesday it had rejected a 1.4 billion euro (1.19 billion pounds) takeover offer from French private equity investor PAI Partners after its board concluded the offer was inadequate.
"Refresco has informed PAI that the proposed terms and conditions did not merit any further investigation and have accordingly rejected the proposal," the company said. PAI declined to comment.
Refresco's shares jumped 9 percent to 16.52 euros as of 1319 GMT, which valued the company at around 1.3 billion euros.
Refresco, which was founded in 1999 and floated two years ago, makes and bottles fruit juices and soft drinks for retailers and brands in Europe and the United States.
The company employs 5,500 people and has production facilities in the Benelux countries, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Britain and the United States.
In 2016, it reported a net profit of 81.5 million euros on revenue of 2.1 billion euros.
(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Jason Neely and Susan Fenton)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Judge blocks St. Paul visitor limit at homeless center
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A federal judge in Minnesota has temporarily blocked a St. Paul rule that limits the number of people a church can serve at its daytime center for the homeless.
The decision says city policy violates the Listening House's First Amendment rights and a federal religious freedom law. The Listening House links homeless people with resources at First Lutheran Church on St. Paul's east side.
U.S. Chief District Judge John Tunheim said Monday the church will likely win its lawsuit against the city, which required the church to cap visitors at 20 and display a no-trespassing sign, among other conditions.
City officials set those rules after neighbors complained about people littering and urinating near the church.
The city attorney's office says it's working to resolve the church's and the community's concerns.
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is shown a red card by referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea after receiving a second yellow card for simulation
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Real Madrid will appeal Cristiano Ronaldo's second yellow card for diving in the Spanish Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, coach Zinedine Zidane said after the Portuguese showed the best and worst side of their game in Real's 3-1 win.
Ronaldo spent 24 minutes on the pitch after not starting the game at the Nou Camp but still had the biggest impact.
The 32-year-old, who was given a hostile reception by Barça fans as they warmed up before replacing Karim Benzema, hit back moments after Lionel Messi's equaliser with a brilliant strike into the top corner to put Real 2-1 up in the 80th minute.
The Portuguese threw off their shirt after scoring and provocatively held it up to the crowd and was booked.
Two minutes later they were sent off for trying to win a penalty in a challenge from Samuel Umtiti, angrily pushing referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea before leaving the pitch.
"We played a great game but I am annoyed by Cristiano's sending off," Zidane told a news conference.
"Perhaps it wasn't a penalty but the red card is a little harsh. We can't change it, but we'll try and make sure they play on Wednesday."
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos also leapt to Ronaldo's defence.
"I think they were caught off balance and they didn't dive," said the defender. "We should try and appeal it. It should be analysed a little more."
Marco Asensio scored Real's third with a stunning long range goal in the 90th minute, giving Madrid a healthy advantage as they seek to win a fourth trophy in four months and earn their first Super Cup since 2012.
"We fought with 10 players, we believed until the end but it's only one game, we have the second leg up next," added Zidane.
Barça coach Ernesto Valverde said their side had not deserved to lose 3-1.
"I don't have the sensation we were as far away from them as the scoreline suggests," they said. "They scored three times, but we played well and had our chances.
"They caught us on the counterattack when it was 1-1 and scored a great goal, and then another one. But it's not just about getting into the danger zone, it's about putting your chances away."
By Tom Finn
DOHA (Reuters) - A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Qatar is facing a severe economic and diplomatic boycott by Saudi Arabia and its regional allies who cut ties last week, accusing it of funding terrorist groups, a charge Doha denies.
U.S. President Donald Trump has repeatedly echoed the accusations against Qatar, even as their Defense and State Departments have tried to remain neutral in the dispute among key allies. Qatar is home to the headquarters for U.S. air forces in the Middle East.
On Wednesday U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis signed the previously-approved warplane deal with Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah. Qatar's ambassador to the United States, Meshal Hamad al-Thani, posted a picture of the signing ceremony on Twitter.
"This is of course proof that U.S. institutions are with us but we have never doubted that," a Qatari official in Doha said. "Our militaries are like brothers. America's support for Qatar is deep-rooted and not easily influenced by political changes."
A Qatari defence ministry source said the deal was for 36 jets. In November, under the administration of Barack Obama, the United States approved a possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for $21.1 billion. Boeing, the prime contractor on the sale, declined to comment.
A European diplomat in the Gulf said the timing of the deal appeared coincidental.
"Presumably the U.S. could have delayed the deal if they'd wanted to, although I don't think there's a great connect between sales and foreign policy."
Qatar is an important base for the U.S. military carrying out operations against Islamic State militants and other groups in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan and beyond. Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar is home to more than 11,000 U.S. and coalition troops.
Qatar's state news agency said on Wednesday that two U.S. warships arrived at Hamad port in Qatar as part of a planned joint military exercise involving marine forces.
The Pentagon said the jets sale will increase security cooperation between the U.S. and Qatar and help them operate together. It added Mattis and Attiyah had also discussed the current state of operations against Islamic State and the importance of de-escalating tensions in the Gulf.
The fighter jet deal had been stalled amid concerns raised by Israel that equipment sent to Gulf states could fall into the wrong hands and be used against it, and by the Obama administration's broader decision-making on military aid to the Gulf.
Trump, who took office in January, has accused Qatar of being a "high-level" sponsor of terrorism, potentially hindering the State Department's efforts to help ease the worst diplomatic crisis between Gulf Arab states for years.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu is expected in Kuwait on Thursday after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to help broker an end to the dispute. Kuwait has emerged as the main mediator in the crisis.
Turkey has backed Qatar in the crisis and President Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesperson said on Wednesday the rift was damaging the Islamic world and Ankara would do all it could by diplomatic channels to prevent any escalation.
(Additional reporting by Rania El Gamal; writing by Sylvia Westall; editing by Peter Graff)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A father of two young girls fought off a gunman during a Craigslist sale at their Virginia home on New Year's Eve.
CJ Harris said they placed an ad on Craigslist after their Pit bull, "Bella," had eight puppies.
They said a man responded to the ad Tuesday and drove to Harris' home to purchase two of them.
"The first time there was no problem," Harris told WTVR. "He gave me the money, then they called me the next day and asked if I had any puppies left." "My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
Harris explained the man returned to their home, but brought along two other men and a gun.
"They gave me the money and I went into the kitchen put the money in the drawer," they said. "I came back into the living room, they point a gun at me and says, 'We have to have that back.'"
They said their three-year-old daughter was standing just feet away from the gunman in the living room, while their wife and 16-month-old were hiding in the kitchen.
Harris said they then began fighting the man who eventually ran out the door with the puppies while shooting at their family.
"My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
A bullet grazed Harris along the thigh, but they did not need medical attention. Bullets went through the walls and the refrigerator.
Harris said the shooting was a wake-up call and wanted to warn the public to be safer while organizing online sales.
"Be careful who you invite in your house," they said. "Definitely don't invite anybody in your house through Craigslist and do the sales in public places."
Police said they continue to investigate and search for the suspects.
April 10 Organigram Holdings Inc
* Organigram enters into LoI to acquire Trauma Healing Centers
* Organigram Holdings - under terms of LoI, purchase consideration consists of issuance of 719,425 common shares of co at deemed value of $2.78 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Alberta RCMP have sent out a release related to an accused and a complainant in a certain case
A publication ban is in place related to reporting of charges laid on an Alberta politician and the complainant in the case.
RCMP sent out the release at 6 p.m. on Friday stating that news media reporting is subject to the publication ban. Police don't say what the incident is related to except that the identity of the accused and the complainant cannot be released due to the publication ban.
“In particular, the identity of the complainant and any information that may tend to identify the complainant is subject to of a publication ban issued by the justice of the peace who set the bail conditions in this matter,” states the release.
RCMP will not be releasing any further information regarding this matter.
There were several news agencies pulled stories recently but it is unclear if they are related.
Uma Thurman is ready to share their story about Harvey Weinstein -- the disgraced movie mogul who stands accused of sexual misconduct by more than 60 women.
Scroll for more content...
The actor, who starred in several blockbusters produced by Weinstein, gave a bombshell interview to The New York Times where they detail a series of disturbing incidents, including an alleged assault in their London hotel room.
Saturday's article, by New York Times op-ed columnist Maureen Dowd, described the actor as "furious" that more legal action has not been taken against 65-year-old Weinstein. The Miramax and Weinstein Company co-founder was ousted from their professional roles last fall when allegations against them first surfaced publicly.
When reached for comment Saturday, a representative for Thurman said the Times article "speaks for itself" and declined to comment further.
Through a spokesperson, Weinstein has previously denied allegations of sexual assault.
When reached for comment regarding Thurman's allegations, a spokesperson said Weinstein was "saddened and puzzled" by their allegation of assault.
Weinstein's representative also sent photos that the spokesperson said "demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years."
"Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologized and deeply regrets," the spokesperson said. "However, their claims about being physically assaulted are untrue."
Dozens of women have come forward publicly to accuse Weinstein of misconduct following explosive reports in the New York Times and the New Yorker last year about their treatment of women, including young actores with whom they worked. They have been accused of rape, assault and other forms of sexual misconduct. Their representative said they sought treatment after the allegations were made public and that any allegations of non-consensual sex were "unequivocally denied."
The decades of alleged abuse by Weinstein set in motion an ongoing anti-harassment movement that's been punctuated by campaigns including "#metoo."
It's had ripple effects across multiple industries, taking down powerful men in the media and business worlds.
Thurman hinted months ago that they too had something to say about Weinstein. Last Thanksgiving, they wished everyone a happy holiday on Instagram, but added a scathing caveat: "Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators - I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet."
Thurman also told Dowd that, as they relived their experiences with Weinstein, they also drudged up another painful memory.
They said that, more than a decade ago, Weinstein's longtime studio collaborator, director Quentin Tarantino, coerced them into driving a rickety car down a dirt road on the set of the movie "Kill Bill," which they ended up crashing into a palm tree. The actor said the incident left them in a neck brace and put their professional relationship with Tarantino on shaky ground.
The Times published footage of the incident, which Thurman says they obtained after 15 years.
They described the event as "dehumanization to the point of death."
"Harvey assaulted me but that didn't kill me," Thurman told Dowd. "What really got me about the crash was that it was a cheap shot. I had been through so many rings of fire by that point. I had really always felt a connection to the greater good in my work with Quentin and most of what I allowed to happen to me and what I participated in was kind of like a horrible mud wrestle with a very angry brother."
A representative for Tarantino did not respond to a request for comment Saturday.
Thurman and Tarantino also worked together in their star-making role as Mia in 1994's "Pulp Fiction," which Weinstein produced.
CTV Atlantic
Five New Brunswick men have been arrested in connection with alleged drug trafficking linked to the Hells Angels in Quebec.
The RCMP arrested a 58-year-old man, a 45-year-old man, a 55-year-old man, and a 40-year-old man, all from Allardville, and a 43-year-old man from Evangeline, at various locations across New Brunswick Tuesday morning.
Police say they started investigating the trafficking of cocaine on the Acadian Peninsula and in Restigouche, Madawaska and Victoria counties in November 2016.
Investigators suspect the drugs were linked to the Hells Angels in Quebec.
Police say the accused are not members of the Hells Angels, but they believe they are linked to outlaw motorcycle gangs in New Brunswick and Quebec.
They are all due to appear in Bathurst provincial court Wednesday morning.
MORE than 110 reports which fell through the cracks of the Child Protection Department's email system were about children at risk of “significant” harm, mostly due to neglect.
The department has revealed the 112 cases were deemed Tier 2, representing situations in which children are “at risk of significant harm” and which should be addressed within five days.
The cases were identified among more than 8700 reports made to the electronic Child Abuse Report Line (eCARL) over the past five years which were not properly submitted.
Since discovering the problem last month the department has examined 2200 of the reports, made in the past 12 months, and identified 112 that met the threshold for action by the department.
Of those, 52 have also been referred to SA Police as they raise concerns involving people outside the child's family.
Responding to questions from The Advertiser, the department yesterday confirmed the 112 cases had been deemed Tier 2 and covered “a variety of concerns”, including about abuse, but “predominantly … related to neglect”.
“Cases have been allocated to local offices for action,” a spokesperson said.
They covered children aged from newborn to 18 years but the department cannot yet say how many children are involved.
It is also not known when the department will finish reviewing the remaining 6500-odd reports incorrectly made between July 2013 and mid last year.
Camera Icon Children's Commissioner Helen Connolly. Picture: Supplied, Simon Cross
Commissioner for Children and Young People, Helen Connolly, pictured, said they were “confident” the department had responded in a “thorough and pragmatic way” to the eCARL problem and had put “new processes in place to minimise the chance of this happening again”.
The union representing Child Protection Department staff is calling for an extra 200 to 300 workers to ensure all serious reports can be properly addressed.
Public Service Association general secretary Nev Kitchin said the department was seriously under-resourced.
Department chief executive Cathy Taylor told The Advertiser that 50 new social workers would be employed to manage the workload, in addition to 91 new children and youth workers hired recently.
“Overall, the department has employed 300 new starters since January 1,” Ms Taylor said.
They said the department was broadening the types of qualifications it would accept from people applying to fill vacancies within the department “by accepting degree-level qualifications that relate to child protection, such as health and human services, in addition to social workers”.
“This new approach ... which is already successfully in place in other jurisdictions, aims to reduce vacancies and improve outcomes for children and young people,” they said.
Feel that quickening in your chest? The news of a Southern-Hemi got your heart racing? For the first time in what's felt like months, conditions in Southern California look favorable, even fun. Dawn patrol will look more like rush hour as we try to rinse away an underwhelming late season. To get a better idea of what spots will be reliable this weekend, we reached out to SwellWatch forecaster Nathan Cool for the skinny:
“Luckily, this swell is angled pretty good. It's at about 195 degrees, which means that a lot of south-facing breaks are going to see it. You need to make sure you're facing south, though. Much of San Diego faces west, so there's a chance that it could miss the swell at its fullest potential. Places like the Wedge are going to pick it up, as well as other parts of Orange County. Where it's really going to fill in should be places like Malibu and County Line, those places. Even spots like C-Street up in Ventura will work this angle well.”
“This swell is even going to fill in farther north, too. Northern California is going to see some of this around Santa Cruz. The thing with Northern California, though – they're going to see, starting today, some groundswells come in from the northwest. They're going to see swell no matter what, at chest- to head-high or so. But Northern California has a lot of big-time windswell scheduled to come in on Saturday and especially Sunday. We're going to see some of that down here in Southern California, but not as much. We're still looking at west-facing breaks, from LA north, getting some good chest-high windswell. What that also tends to do is put some crossed-up lines in the swell for south-facing breaks. Sunday is when we're looking at a mix of swell coming in, and just about every south-facing break is going to pick some of this up.”
“The swell should stick around for the entire weekend. It will have gotten a little weaker by Sunday, but it should be chest- to head-high at a lot of the south-facing breaks. It'll really start dropping off on Monday, but there still should be some fun stuff out there. By Tuesday, it'll be almost completely gone.”
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
ANCHORAGE — The eldest son of former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin will go through Alaska's therapeutic court system in a criminal case accusing them of assaulting their father last year at the family home.
State District Judge David Wallace on Tuesday approved Track Palin's request to formally transfer their case to Veterans Court, which gives eligible veterans the option of enrolling in mental health treatment programs instead of a traditional sentence.
The judge also barred the media from using cameras or other recording devices during that proceeding after Track Palin's attorney filed a motion seeking to prohibit or limit media access. Wallace said they will formally rule on the matter later.
Media attorney John McKay is representing The Associated Press and Anchorage TV stations KTUU and KTVA in the matter. Their request to allow media camera use Tuesday was denied.
The motion to limit media access was filed Friday by Track Palin's attorney, Patrick Bergt, in an effort to ensure the case does not become a distraction to other veterans in the system.
Track Palin, 29, attended the short proceeding.
Veterans Court program rules say veterans opt in by agreeing to plead guilty or not guilty to at least one charge.
Bergt declined to say if their client is making such a plea to get into the program, adding they can't comment on specifics of the case.
“I will, however, provide that Mr. Palin will not seek, nor will they receive, any accommodations not afforded to other Veterans in the program,” Bergt wrote in an email to the AP.
Wallace was appointed to the bench by Sarah Palin when they were Alaska's governor. McKay said they have no issue with Wallace overseeing the case.
Track Palin was arrested in December after their mother told authorities their son was on some kind of medication and “freaking out.” According to a police affidavit, Track's father Todd Palin was bleeding from head cuts. They told police the dispute began when their son called to pick up their truck from the Palins' home in Wasilla.
The affidavit states Todd Palin said they told Track Palin not to come to the house but that their son said they would come anyway to beat them up. Todd Palin told police they got their pistol “to protect their family.”
Track Palin told police they broke a window, disarmed their father and put them on the ground.
A Wasilla police officer wrote in the affidavit that Todd and Sarah Palin had left the home when police arrived and that they were visibly upset.
Track Palin called officers peasants and yelled at them, and “moved around in a strange manner” before being arrested without incident, the affidavit says.
They told police they “consumed a few beers earlier,” according to the document.
In January, Track Palin pleaded not guilty to a felony burglary charge in the incident. They also face misdemeanor charges of assault and criminal mischief.
In 2016, Track Palin was suspected of punching their then-girlfriend, who then became concerned that they were going to shoot themselves with a rifle, according to court documents. They faced several charges but pleaded guilty to possessing a firearm while intoxicated, and the other charges were dismissed.
Their then-girlfriend later filed for custody of their child and requested a protective order against Track Palin, who served in Iraq for a year in 2008.
Sarah Palin indicated that post-traumatic stress disorder might have been a factor in that case.
Walk the lane with me one more time. I'll hold your hand, and you hold mine. We will share the memories of another time. Please walk the lane with me one more time.
A sweet neighbor posted the grave marker of their parents. I sat looking at it with tears streaming down my cheeks. Dolores and Carl Bucholtz were more than neighbors. They were our Neff Road family. Carl farmed with Dad, so heard their tractor or truck often coming back the lane. When we held the farm sale, Carl sat with me by the big, white barn. They told me that they did not think they would beat this cancer that they were battling. We had lost Dad, and now their tools were being sold. It was the end of our farming, one that Carl was so much a part of. I held their hand knowing that I was not only losing the things that surrounded me in my growing up, but I was losing a dear friend.
That lane on Neff Road had seen many who returned again and again. The house back that lane seemed to be a beacon of love. Warm loving arms always welcomed whoever came through the back door. There was always time to sit and talk, even when work was calling. We stopped for friends and family. And sometimes for people we didn't know. Dad would stop working in the field when they saw a car in the driveway. The lane brought us together. And, even in parting, we held dear those it brought to us.
I often think of that lane. Our families walked it each time they came home. From the house to the bridge and back, or maybe we wandered off to visit Lavy's or Stager's. The lane represented our family. A trip to loving arms and loved land.
We live lives in transition. We go from there to here in the blink of an eye. We either embrace the new, bringing a newness in ourselves, or we lose precious time hanging back. Over the years, I have found that what I learned on the farm, back that lane, has brought old friends back into my life and new friends to continue new journeys with me. The link from the past to the future. From the road to the house.
When my mother passed, I asked friends and family to send their favorite memories of my beautiful mother. I came across those letters again as I packed to move. They are memories from the past that have traveled to the future, allowing me to see new visions of this mother who rarely shared about herself. They were always too busy asking about others. I think everyone should ask for those memories when a loved one passes. A bridge from one time to another.
Walk the lane with me one more time. I'll hold your hand, and you hold mine. We will share the memories of another time. Please walk the lane with me one more time.
https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/07/web1_drakecolumnPRINT.jpg
By Pamela Loxley Drake On Neff Road
Pamela Loxley Drake is a former resident of Darke County and is the author of Neff Road and A Grandparent Voice blog. They can be reached at pamldrake@gmail.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Pamela Loxley Drake is a former resident of Darke County and is the author of Neff Road and A Grandparent Voice blog. They can be reached at pamldrake@gmail.com. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
INDIO, Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival, officials said Monday.
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “Find my iPhone” feature, according to the Indio Police Department.
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect, identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao. They were eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials.
Henao, of New York, allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in their backpack. Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found, officials said.
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges.
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out.
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “dummy wallet” to confuse potential thieves, and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
It is a game played at the pinnacle of the season, after months of gruelling fixtures in pursuit of glory.
And there is just 24 hours or so left until Leeds Rhinos and neighbours Castleford Tigers go head-to-head in the Super League Grand Final tomorrow.
For fans in blue and amber, it will be a familiar fixture at Manchester's Old Trafford stadium, where the Rhinos last tasted victory in 2015, and another triumph would take the club to a record eight Grand Final wins.
Hundreds of supporters in the city have taken to social media to express their excitement ahead of the match tomorrow.
Pete Griffin said: “Let's show the doubters that Leeds Rhinos are the Grand Final specialists.”
Stuart Andrew Green said: “Old Trafford booked now for the Grand Final now come on Leeds Rhinos.”
On Twitter, Bucks Rhino said: “Good luck boys for Saturday's Grand Final at Old Trafford.”
In Castleford, the town is awash with anticipation as Tigers supporters are hoping to roar the team on for their first ever Grand Final appearance in Super League.
For some, the journey to the Grand Final starts a little further than the reaches of West Yorkshire.
Sales director Luke Czirok, 27, is flying out from Sydney, Australia for the game, with a return flight costing them an eye-watering $1,800 to watch the black and orange Fords at Old Trafford.
Their sister Emma said: “He gets in Saturday morning and flies back out Monday morning.
“He is a big fan, they said they were there when they got relegated so they need to be there for this. They said he's going to quickly see as many family [members] as possible when they are here, I think the adrenaline will keep them going!”
The all-important clash between the two West Yorkshire clubs kicks off at 6pm tomorrow. Supporters collecting tickets at the stadium ahead of the match have been urged to plan ahead.
[India], Feb. 03 (ANI): India's first private detective, Rajani Pandit, arrested on charges of illegally procuring call detail records (CDRs) for their clients was sent to four-day police custody here on Saturday.
Pandit was arrested by Thane Crime Branch on Friday for allegedly using illegal means to procure call detail records (CDRs) for their clients at a "hefty price".
Also, four more detectives have been apprehended by the police.
Thane police chief Param Bir Singh said, "Pandit's role has been clearly established in the racket. Those involved in the scam, be they from any part of the country, will not be spared."
Pandit, who is the daughter of a former police officer, has written two books- Faces Behind Faces and Mayajal. The former has won two awards while the latter has won six awards.  They are a recipient of the Hirkani award from Doordarshan that honours women achievers.  They are the subject of a documentary film made by director-writer Dinkar Rao, titled- "Lady James Bond". A feature film on their investigation, named as Kuttrapayirchi, will be made soon. South Indian actor Trisha Krishnan will enact their role in the film. (ANI)
WABAUNSEE COUNTY– The Kansas Bureau of Investigation (KBI) and the Wabaunsee County Sheriff's Office are investigating a shooting death that occurred Thursday night in Alma, Kan.
Just after 11:30p.m. Thursday, the Wabaunsee County Sheriff's Office received a 911 call reporting a domestic incident at 117 W. 11th St. in Alma.
The responding sheriff's deputy discovered a man who appeared to be suffering from gunshot wounds. Also responding to the scene were the Alma City Marshal and the Kansas Highway Patrol.
EMS transported the injured man to the Wamego Community Hospital, where they died. They have since been identified as 36-year-old Chad Thomas-Buckbee. Thomas-Buckbee lived at the residence in Alma.
The Wabaunsee County Sheriff's Office requested KBI assistance in the case Friday morning
Preliminary information indicates that subjects at the residence were involved in a confrontation that became violent. There is no indication of any threat to the public as a result of this incident. An autopsy will be conducted.
This investigation is ongoing. No further information will be released at this time.
CTV Atlantic
A family of three is homeless after a fire destroyed their Halifax-area home Thursday.
The fire was reported around 2 p.m. on Terence Bay Road in Terence Bay, N.S., located roughly 30 kilometres southwest of Halifax.
No one was home at the time and no one was injured.
It took crews a few hours to put out the fire.
The Canadian Red Cross says a man and their two adult sons lived in the home. The organization is helping them with emergency lodging, food, and other support.
Fire officials say the cause is under investigation.
April 10 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 8 points at 7,357 on Monday, according to financial bookmakers. * RIO TINTO: Mining giant Rio Tinto Ltd , said on Sunday it paid $4 billion in taxes and royalties globally in 2016, a 12 percent drop on 2015 that primarily reflected lower earnings. * CAPITAL & COUNTIES: British property developer Capital & Counties said on Friday it has sold its exhibition business for 296 million pounds ($367 mln) to a group of institutional investors. * SKY PLC: The European Commission cleared Rupert Murdoch to take over pay-TV group Sky on Friday, leaving a British investigation into the impact on the country's media landscape as the only remaining hurdle for the $14.5 billion deal. * EXPERIAN: Credit bureau Experian Plc has joined forces with technology firm BioCatch to use behavioral biometrics to help its clients spot fraudsters applying for credit cards and other lending products online, the companies said on Friday. * GREEN INVESTMENT BANK: Australian investment bank Macquarie looked set to acquire Britain's Green Investment Bank (GIB) after a court rejected the claim of a rival bidder on Friday. * BRITAIN EMISSION: Britain's automotive industry body defended diesel cars on Monday, as the government prepares to announce proposals for improving air quality which could follow London in making it more expensive to use the most polluting vehicles. * EUROPEAN INSURERS: Brexit and political uncertainty in Europe are likely to depress merger activity among European insurers this year, after a steep decline in deals in 2016, ratings agency AM Best said on Monday. * The UK blue chip index was up 0.6 percent at 7,349.37 points at its close on Friday as oil stocks extended gains, bucking a broader risk-off move across markets after a U.S. cruise missile strike in Syria. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Our weekly roundup of the news, notes and chatter about the prospects for the next Democratic presidential race:
Scroll for more content...
The first television ad of the 2020 Democratic presidential race is set to air Sunday in Iowa - on NBC, during the Super Bowl.
Maryland Rep. John Delaney's ad is titled "Dirty Word." That word? "Bipartisanship." It's a play for the relatively small share of Iowa caucus-goers who are moderate - and a bet they can quietly court those voters while the rest of the field races leftward. The little-known Delaney is a longshot who's trying to take advantage of what they see as an open window, while he's the only Democrat officially in the race.
The $37,000 buy is small - it's in Des Moines, Sioux City, Davenport and Cedar Rapids - though Delaney intends to ramp up their ad spending over the next month with what their campaign says will be similar ads.
One more note: We're now just a little bit closer to the 2020 Iowa caucuses than we are from the 2016 caucuses.
News and notes:
BIDEN TIMELINE: 'A YEAR FROM NOW': Former Vice President Joe Biden said at a book tour stop in Orlando on Monday they will make a decision about 2020 by the end of the year. "Maybe a year from now I'll decide I'm the best single person to do it, and I'll go do it," they said. "But I can't look in the mirror and walk away because I'm afraid, because I don't want to take on the responsibilities, because I don't want to make the effort. I'm not built that way. I can't do that."
- Another interesting tidbit from The Orlando Sentinel's Steven Lemongello: "Biden, who would be 77 in 2020, closed by saying they hoped a younger Democrat such as Sens. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., or Cory Booker, D-N.J., would step up in advance of the election. But, they said, 'It's not my style to say I guarantee I won't run. I don't know. I don't plan on running. But I'm a great respecter of fate.'"
WARREN IN TEXAS: Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren helped Annie's List, which backs progressive women in Texas, raise $420,000 with their appearance at an event Friday. Here's a Warren applause line while riffing on government spending on child care compared to other countries, via the Texas Tribune's Patrick Svitek: "Fun fact about the US: Unlike Iceland and many of those other countries, the U.S. has never elected a woman president. We need to fix that."
IT'S CAUCUS TIME IN IOWA. Seriously. The 2018 edition, slated for this coming Monday, February 5, could be more important than you'd think. Because the Democratic gubernatorial and 3rd and 4th District congressional primaries are so crowded, the activists elected at the caucuses could end up deciding those races in special conventions (if none of the candidates hit 35%) later this year. "We are really moving forward with the presumption this is likely to be decided at convention," John Norris, the longtime Iowa political operative turned candidate for governor, told The Des Moines Register's Jason Noble, who explained here why it all matters going forward.
- Also to watch: Sen. Bernie Sanders on Monday endorsed former campaign aide Pete D'Alessandro in that tight 3rd District race. D'Alessandro now has the Bernieworld hat trick - endorsements from the National Nurses United union, Our Revolution and Sanders himself.
- Watch this weekend: Eric has a story coming on how Sanders is revving the engines of their political machine ahead of a midterm push that could be a test drive for 2020.
From the right:
KASICH: 'I JUST DON'T KNOW': Ohio Gov. John Kasich, on CNN's "New Day" this week, said they don't know whether he'll run for president (against Trump) in 2020. "I just don't know," they said. "If I felt my country called me and it was practical, I'd have to very seriously think about it. Right now, I'm not out there trying to create delegates and states or anything like that. I don't know what the future is going to bring."
Before you go:
California Sen. Kamala Harris' social media team got some props for its handling of the State of the Union - with tweets ready for any and every policy issue Trump brought up. ... Former FBI Director James Comey is increasingly vocal with their criticism of congressional Republicans' handling of a controversial memo. We wonder whether he'll weigh in on presidential politics. ... The DNC has a new interim CEO: Mary Beth Cahill, who managed John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign.
SA businesses still feeling the heat
The South African economy has seen a new dawn in recent months with many changes in the political landscape which have had a direct impact on the country's businesses confidence.
The RMB/BER Business Confidence Index (BCI) jumped by 11 points from 34 in the fourth quarter of 2017 to 45 in the first quarter of 2018.
An increase of such magnitude is rare and, if sustained, the first quarter rise implies a much-improved economic growth performance this year and next, relative to 2017's 1,3% GDP expansion.
This is according to Alastair Macduff, chairperson and CEO of The Turnaround Management Association – Southern Africa (TMA-SA), who says: “Such marked positive change is starting to be reflected in an improvement in business debt conditions – suggesting there is room for optimism to witness a gradual recovery in economic activity over the next few years.
“However, business conditions are still tough and while the 1% VAT increase shouldn't have a major impact on business-to-business, the flow through on price increases on the consumer, could have a negative effect on demand and as a result, indirect impact on the entire chain, especially for small businesses.”
A positive business culture is also determined by companies' ability to repay debt. The Experian Business Debt Index (BDI) improved strongly in Q4 2017 to a reading of 0.443, from 0.059 in Q3 2017 – a vital and unprecedented benchmark for the interpretation of the state of business's debt-paying abilities.
“While this is promising news for businesses, the number of bankruptcies in South Africa increased to 167 companies in February from 101 companies in January 2018,” Macduff points out.
Bankruptcies in South Africa averaged 233,97 companies a month between 1980 and 2018, reaching an all-time high of 511 companies in August 2000 and a record low of 63 companies in May 1988.
“It is therefore evident that while business confidence is on the rise and the ability to pay back debt has increased, the toll that junk status and stagnant growth took on businesses over the last two years cannot be underestimated and the true impact is likely to only be felt this year, as the economy starts to recover.
“There are many South African businesses still in distress and we are likely to see more liquidations and business rescue entries over the next six to eight months – but hopefully more successful turnarounds,” Macduff adds.
ON A sunny Hamilton Island fishing trip, Peter Teakle met a familiar-looking bloke who'd had a big day. The younger fisherman even fell asleep with a dead fish in their pocket.
“We later teased them because they stank,” Mr Teakle laughs. “We've been mates ever since.”
The weary fisherman was celebrity chef Pete Evans, of My Kitchen Rules and paleo-food fame.
Six years later, the friend-ship between the two Peters is helping to propel Mr Teakle's latest project, a high-end restaurant and vineyard in their beloved home zone of Port Lincoln.
Mr Teakle, heir to a South Australian printing empire, has become a passionate supporter of the Eyre Peninsula's major city, and is renowned for their generous support of business and community projects. It is rumoured they have recently spent about $6 million in and around Port Lincoln.
“Only recently, this (vine-yard) opportunity came up,'' they say, referring to the rebadged Peter Teakle Wines out of Port Lincoln, on a site they purchased in February 2016.
The picturesque former Delacolline Estate “didn't go to market, the family from Delacolline approached me”, they say of the property that was facing an uncertain future after the death of the vineyard's owner, Ian Fletcher.
“I could see the paddock-to-plate possibilities, and that I just needed to sort the infrastructure,” they say.
Mr Teakle confirms they have also purchased a 3ha farm adjacent to the vineyards, bringing the estate to a total of 30ha. The move effectively adds extensive orchards and a huge vegetable patch to service their restaurant vision, due to open mid to late spring, and already taking bookings.
“I am putting $1 million into the restaurant, $1 million for the vineyard and $1 million on the shed and equipment,” they say, reporting that represent-atives from the South Aus-tralian Tourism Commission board have visited the site, seen the plan “and described it as a game changer for Eyre Peninsula”.
“There's a lot to do, down to tables, chairs, pepper and salt shakers, but it should be open by the end of October.”
The third-generation printing magnate admits this venture is quite a departure from the family business, “started by my grandfather in Adelaide in 1903”.
They have 34 manufacturing plants in 10 countries employing 3500 people, and has been a major player in the wine-label printing business for 40 years.
Pete Evans will be the consultant executive chef at the ambitious 120-seat “destination restaurant”.
“It will be casual fine dining, with a chopper pad to bring people in from Adelaide,” says Mr Teakle, who expects it will cost about $100 for three courses, plus wines. They insist Evans' controversial “paleo way” will not be a factor.
The chef does not have a financial interest, “but they have been here and is emotionally involved”.
Evans, who describes Port Lincoln as “hands down the seafood capital of Australia”, will visit six times a year, and joins a stellar consulting team including Andrew Pike of Pikes Wines as viticulturist, and David O'Leary of O'Leary Walker as winemaker.
“This has been my dream all of my life,” says Mr Teakle. “We have the perfect climate here for growing grapes, with maritime softening so no frost or extreme heat.”
They extol the extraordinary riches on the Eyre Peninsula; seafood, pork, lamb, and wine, “and that's what we will be concentrating on”.
“The restaurant is stunning,” they say. “Five stonemasons have been working on it. It will (feature) South African bluestone with polished merbau timber. And, it will have a first-class cellar.”
The lofty space will be circled by a 7m-deep veranda, with views of the vineyard, the orchard and the ocean.
“Inside, there will be a 1.5m- wide open fireplace, back to back so it's in the restaurant, and out to the veranda. It will have an American oak ceiling and tabletops also in merbau.
“An acoustics engineer has designed the space so you can have a quiet meal and enjoy the conversation.”
Teak Corp project manager Diana Williams says Mr Teakle's aim “is to create a legacy”.
“The projects we are working on are certainly generating interest and we are working closely with the SATC and Tourism Australia,” says Ms Williams. “We have used all local contractors – creating work for more than 30 local (craftsmen).”
Ms Williams says Teak Corp aims to develop an “industry” in the future, with the develop-ment of the first full winery on Eyre Peninsula.
“Peter's dream is to build a crushing and bottling facility, made available to all wine producers within the region,” they say. “We aim to have a tasting facility/cellar door that will highlight other SA wines, Eyre Peninsula varieties, as well as Peter Teakle wines.”
They say Evans has assisted with kitchen designs, menu concepts and will help with promotions of the venue and the region.
The same team, including Evans, will also be involved a follow-up project at the foreshore Limani Motel.
Ms Williams says the company has also secured major sponsorships to ensure visitor attraction to the zone.
.
Originally published as RePete recipe for success
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Yinyi Real Estate Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT PLANS TO CHANGE COMPANY NAME TO YINYI CO LTD Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nE5Clc Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
× Cascade Mall shooting: Man accused of killing 5 people found dead in jail cell
MOUNT VERNON, Wash. — Authorities on Monday said the 20-year-old man charged with fatally shooting five people at a Burlington shopping mall was found dead in jail.
Mount Vernon Police Lieutenant Chris Cammock confirmed to Q13 News that Arcan Cetin was found dead overnight in their jail cell.
Cetin hanged themselves before 9 p.m. Sunday in their Snohomish County jail cell, according to Rosemary Kaholokula, chief criminal deputy prosecutor at the Skagit County Prosecuting Attorney's Office.
“We're disappointed because we would have liked to have gone through the process and have some level of justice after the entire case had been presented,” Kaholokula told Q13 News.
“From our perspective, (Cetin) did not let justice take its course,” said prosecuting attorney Rich Weyrich told The Skagit Valley Herald. “Some (of the victims' families) may have a great relief that it's over; some may feel cheated.”
Police said Cetin entered the Cascade Mall in Burlington on Sept. 23, 2016 and headed for the Macy's Women's store. Surveillance video showed Cetin shooting a teenage girl near some clothing racks and then shooting an adult man. They next went to the cosmetics section where they shot three women.
Police captured Cetin about 30 hours later near their Oak Harbor, Washington, apartment.
The shooting left a teenage girl, three women and one man dead. They were: Probation officer Belinda Galde and their 96-year-old mother, Beatrice Dotson; Sarai Lara, a sophomore at Mount Vernon High School; Chuck Eagan, who died protecting their wife from the gunfire; and Shayla Martin, who had been a makeup artist at Macy's for decades.
Back in January, prosecutors filed five aggravated murder charges against Arcan Cetin. During their arraignment, Cetin's lawyers asked the judge to order a competency evaluation before Cetin enters a plea and the Skagit County Superior Court judge granted that motion.
Cetin's stepfather has said that Cetin suffers from psychiatric problems.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Former President Barack Obama described President Donald Trump as a “cartoon” after the billionaire candidate smashed their way to victory over failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
“Maybe this is what people want,” Obama said after the 2016 election, according to a new book by Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes. “I've got the economy set up well for him. No facts. No consequences. They can just have a cartoon.”
The details of the book were first reported by the New York Times.
Obama mused that perhaps the United States was not ready for their modern presidency,
“Sometimes I wonder whether I was 10 or 20 years too early,” they said to their aides, who reassured them that they could have won a third term as president.
Obama wondered if their presidency “pushed too far” and that Americans would rather “fall back into their tribe,” as demonstrated by the presidential election.
They also darkly quoted the Godfather to describe the presidential transition to President Trump. “I feel like Michael Corleone. I almost got out,” they said.
Rhodes also recalled a message they got from the president to cheer them up, after Trump's election.
“There are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the earth,” the president wrote to their trusted aide.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A new, state of the art 3 million euro ferries to serve the Aran Islands will arrive in Doolin next week. (Tues 5/6)
The eco-friendly Star of Doolin has been comissioned by the Garrihy's family run-business, Doolin2Aran Ferries, based in northwest Clare.
The ferry has been built in La Rochelle, France, and will stop in Brest and Dingle before arriving in Doolin at around 8.30am on Tuesday.
The Star of Doolin is a 26 meter vessel with 200 seats – and is tailored for international tourists with multi-lingual voice and visual guide systems.
Ireland's living wage has increased by 20 cent - meaning workers should be paid at least €11.90 an hour to have a reasonable standard of living
It compares to the National Minimum Wage of €9.55.
The change has been made largely due to the ongoing housing crisis.
Berndatte McMahon from The Living Wage Technical Group says they had to factor in not just living costs but also the cost to employers: 'We try and reflect figures which actually reflect the cost of living and because we have employers in mind as well we always go for the minimum increase'.
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund and Monaco players line up before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund's Marcel Schmelzer holds a pennant with yesterdays date on before the match Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund players line up before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 General view of Borussia Dortmund fans before the game Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund fans look on as a message is displayed in support of Borussia Dortmund's Marc Bartra Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
DORTMUND, Germany They lost the game, but realised there is more to life than soccer.
Just a day after an explosives attack on their team bus, Borussia Dortmund's frustration at losing 2-3 to AS Monaco in their postponed Champions League clash was eclipsed by their players' relief at being alive.
"I don't know if the people can understand this but, until I was on the pitch in the second half, I didn't think about football," Dortmund player Nuri Sahin said after Wednesday's match.
"Last night, I didn't realise what happened until my wife and son were waiting in front of the door and there I felt how lucky we were," they recalled. "I get goosebumps."
Earlier, German authorities arrested a suspected Islamist in connection with what Chancellor Angela Merkel called the "despicable" attack on the bus, in which three explosions went off as the Dortmund players made their way to the stadium.
"When we were in the bus last night, I can't forget the faces," said Sahin, speaking English to the Viasat Football broadcasting network. "I will never forget these faces."
Spanish defender Marc Bartra, injured in the attack, said they were "doing much better" after surgery on their wrist. Their teammates wore shirts bearing their picture during their warm-up for the match, which turned out to be a pulsating encounter.
Police, who banned backpacks from the Dortmund stadium, stepped up security for the rescheduled match and for a second Champions League quarter-final between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid.
An exit from the Dortmund stadium was briefly closed as police examined suspicious packages, but quickly re-opened.
Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said their team would have liked more time to take stock after the attack and felt ignored by the soccer authorities after being made to play less than 24 hours later.
"I encouraged everyone to take the game seriously but football is not the most important thing in the world," they said.
Merkel, who takes a keen interest in the fortunes of Germany's national soccer team, earlier praised Dortmund fans for taking in AS Monaco supporters overnight so they could stay on for the postponed match.
Some fans of AS Monaco, which neighbours the southern French city of Nice where 86 people were killed in an Islamist attack last summer, were more relaxed than Dortmund supporters.
"In France, we know this," said Monaco supporter Pierre Calmon, 50, from Toulouse, who was attending the match with their son, 16-year-old Thomas. "We are pleased to spend another day in Germany."
(Additional reporting by Brian Homewood; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
ROAD TO CLOVIS: “I was born in Stockton, [California] and raised in Oroville. I moved to Fresno in 2009 to live closer to family. My husband and I are looking into Clovis homes in the near future.”
FAMILY: “My husband and I have been married for four years. We enjoy new excursions with friends and families.”
PLACE OF BIRTH: Stockton, California
FIRST JOB: “I was a sales rep for a beauty company.”
OCCUPATION: Yang is a recreation specialist at the Clovis Senior Activity Center. “I have been with the City of Clovis for four years.”
PASSION FOR WORKING WITH SENIORS: “I've always known [that] I wanted to go into a career that would offer services to help our senior citizens.”
FAVORITE FOOD: “Difficult question to answer, though quality of food is important to me. I like almost everything with some zest, and food made from farmed fresh ingredients is something I strive to make a part of my daily life.”
FAVORITE MOVIE: “There have been so many great movies. There are too many to choose [just] one. A few on my list are ‘Seven Samurai,' ‘Pulp Fiction,' ‘Shutter Island' and the list goes on.”
FAVORITE AUTHOR: “To name a few: James Patterson, Stephen King, and J.K. Rowling.”
HOBBIES/LEISURELY PURSUITS: “I enjoy taking trips, doing arts and crafts, and working on my garden.”
INTERESTING FACTS: “[Most] people have a total of four canine [relatively long, pointed] teeth. I have two.”
FAVORITE THING ABOUT CLOVIS: “[Clovis] has great people, great food and great vibe.”
SAN BERNARDINO >> A San Bernardino gang member was sentenced to 80 years in prison for the 2011 fatal shooting of a 25-year-old man just outside Muscoy Elementary School.
Juan Fuentes, 26, of San Bernardino, was sentenced Friday at the San Bernardino Justice Center by Superior Court Judge J. David Mazurek after they were convicted in 2014 of killing Roy Craddock.
After their conviction, Fuentes' new defense team asked for a retrial.
A custodian at the Muscoy school found Craddock's body riddled with bullet wounds early Nov. 4, 2011.
“Through interviews with the victim's family, we were able to find out that the victim had called the night before just after (11 p.m.) asking to be picked up in the vicinity of the school,” said Supervising Deputy District Attorney Jill Gregory in a written statement.
Family members drove to the school but were unable to find them and couldn't contact them on their phone, officials said.
Surveillance video from the school showed Craddock had passed by the front of the school at 11:19 p.m. on Nov. 3, 2011, and then doubled back toward the flagpole in front of the school as though something had caught their attention, according to the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office.
“The shooting itself was caught on surveillance, although it was shadowy and dark enough to provide only a bare outline of what had occurred there,” said Gregory.
After several months of investigating and following leads, San Bernardino County Sheriff's Homicide authorities questioned Fuentes, who was 20-years-old at the time. Fuentes later admitted to investigators that they shot the victim, claiming self-defense.
According to Gregory, the surveillance video proved helpful in casting doubt on the Fuentes' claim.
BOSTON — It wasn't so long ago that Boston College and Virginia Tech built a rivalry — first in the Big East and then in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
With quarterbacks like Michael Vick, Matt Ryan and Tyrod Taylor, the schools played some classic thrillers and met in back-to-back ACC championship games in 2007 and '08. Since then, both programs have struggled, and only one has managed to turn things around.
Virginia Tech is ranked No. 16 in The Associated Press Top 25, falling four spots after a loss to No. 2 and defending national champion Clemson. The Hokies (4-1, 0-1 ACC) will try to bounce back against BC (2-3, 0-2), a team they beat 49-0 last year in the biggest blowout in the history of the matchup.
"You kind of find out a little bit about yourself when you have a setback, a little bit of adversity, and our kids have always responded to that situation," Virginia Tech defensive co-ordinator Bud Foster said this week. "And we're going to have to this week, because we've got a team in BC that probably feels like they have to win."
The Clemson loss left the defending Coastal Division champions looking up in the standings at four schools. The Hokies could still return to the ACC title game if they win out, but another loss could be devastating to those hopes.
"When you start getting into conference play, every game is a playoff game," Foster said. "It's always been a tough environment for us to go up there and play, and it's going to be on a Saturday night and they'll have had a full day to get ready and rock 'n' roll. So we're going to have to get ready to go play a heck of a football game."
Here are some other things to look for in Saturday night's game between BC and Virginia Tech.
READING BETWEEN THE LINES?
Steve Addazio has a 26-30 record at BC, including a 2015 season in which the Eagles failed to win a single ACC game. A signature victory over a ranked team could help them convince new athletic director Martin Jarmond to keep them around.
Addazio made a not-so-subtle case to stay this week when they turned a question about the Virginia Tech rivalry into an ode to former Hokies coach Frank Beamer.
In case you didn't know, Dane Gudauskas is what you might call an excitable guy. Watch them surf a 3-footer on a chunky twin-fin, and the look on their face upon kick out might convince you it was the ride of their life. So then imagine the electrified state they were in after riding what might actually be the best wave of their life--a ferocious, house-sized left that they paddled into on their own steam during last weekend's XXL Cloudbreak swell. I rang Gudauskas after they had just gotten home from Fiji to talk about the swell, their wild ride and their current mental state.
So are you on the ultimate adrenaline comedown right now?
I am, actually! Ever since that day, things in my body have been progressively getting more sore. Today, I was like, “Whoa, did I actually hurt this part of my body? That's weird, I didn't even feel that for days.” You're totally working backwards from the pain source, like, “How did I do that, exactly?” But I literally was so cracked out with adrenaline after the wave that it felt like I got hit by lightning. It felt so incredibly wild.
What made you decide to pull the trigger on this swell? I know a lot of people were watching the weather and decided to give it a pass.
You know, looking at the charts beforehand, the weather was definitely always going to be a factor. But those big Fiji swells are just so rare and special--each one is very unique in the way things shake out. I had to pay respect to the wave and just go see it with my own eyes. That's the best surf report you can get, just looking right at it. But, for sure, there were windows when the wind was really bad, and there were also windows where it was manageable--but it was always super challenging. So yeah, the reports didn't lie.
I heard that there were hours where everyone would just be waiting on the boats because the winds were ripping it up.
Yeah, the wind was serious, and it was kind of rainy and dark and didn't have that inviting look that you usually hope for. And at that size, it's all pretty overwhelming. The photos actually make it look a lot easier to surf than it was.
Obviously some guys were towing, but you paddled into your crazy wave. What was the vibe like in the water in terms of whether to paddle or tow, and when did you decide it was the right window to paddle out and snag that one?
When we arrived, there were probably about 30 boats in the water, and they kept accumulating, but everyone was super excited. It was stormy from the very beginning, so everyone was just trying to watch it for a while and try to understand the conditions. There were a couple different reports that around 2 or 3 o'clock it would peak, and that maybe the winds would lie down a little bit later in the afternoon. So I think a lot of guys were pacing themselves, just getting their bearings and figuring out how they wanted to manage their time and energy. Because at that size, you really do have to manage your energy. You can't take too many beatings and keep going.
So we were all watching it, and Shaun Lopez started towing in to see how big it was, and once we saw them towing in, we were like, “Oh. My. God. It is so big right now.” I was baffled. It was certainly bigger Cloudbreak than I'd ever seen before, or even imagined. But I was feeling like, “You know, there's no one out right now. So if a good one comes to me, I'll be able to catch it.” I was just thinking it would be sick to kind of help kick off the party and hopefully get everyone psyched for an awesome day, if I could, because those guys in the boats are the gnarliest guys in the world, and I'd just be stoked if I could do that.
I'm sitting in the boat, and I told Tanner [Gudauskas, Dane's brother] “I'm kind of feeling it right now, I think it's on.” And they helped me get my suit on and I was just super nervous. I jumped off the boat and paddled out, and Jarrod White and Shaun were towing at the time, so I kind of had a bearing on the lineup. But the mainland was covered with rain so it was hard to see where you were on the reef. I really, really didn't want to get caught inside by a set.
I paddled for three waves, and the third one was pretty significant and started to barrel underneath me. I just thought, “Oh my god, if I take off on this thing there's going to be a very low percentage chance I make it.” So I just kind of scurried off the side, just so weirded out and completely adrenalized. I was thinking I was going to get caught inside by the next one, but I ended up being right in the spot, so I just put my head down and paddled and caught it. I was sooo nervous.
This isn't your first XXL rodeo out at Cloudbreak. How does this one compare to your wave out there from 2016?
It felt like there was just so much more energy in the ocean. There was an undertow of power that's hard to even describe. Everything was moving so incredibly fast. It felt like the wave I caught two years ago, but if you just injected a shit-ton of steroids into that thing.
It was on the juice.
One hundred percent. I thought I was making it the whole time and was riding past the boats, and then all of the sudden it started to breath and pull me into it, then spun my around and the foamball came under me and I got really, really wiped out. I ended up breaking my board. I was pretty gassed, and kind of in shock, really.
WATCH “AMP SESSIONS: CLOUDBREAK” BELOW:
What kind of board were you riding?
It was actually the same board as two years ago--Patrick [Gudauskas, Dane's twin brother]'s 8'6″ Channel Islands. We had this special set of quad fins that created kind of the magic scenario. Tanner was riding an 8'10”, and after I broke the 8'6″ I switched to the 8'10” backup. But I was feeling undergunned. I would have preferred to be on something above 9 feet, looking back at it.
That sounds like a potato chip for those waves.
Yeah, just the speed and the wind and the positioning you had to do to actually catch a wave--it was really difficult to manage all that and a bit more board probably would have helped [laughs.] The juice was just flowing, and everyone was in this electrified state, feeling this crazy rush. It's really hard to describe, but it was something else. Guys were going mental, charging so hard. I still can't believe we were there to witness that.
Was that the most intense surf experience you've ever had?
Oh, absolutely. There have been some really big waves ridden during previous swells, and I don't know how this swell would compare to those. But I think it's pretty unique every time, and the difference with this swell, to me, was that it was as unruly, wild and raw as you could imagine. The whole day was unbridled psycho-ness. There was nothing tame about any part of that experience. And you've gotta give so much credit to the water safety guys. The crews at Tavarua, Namotu and the mainland all came together to really make sure it was as safe as possible, so huge kudos to all of those guys.
So what do you do now? Collapse into the fetal position and sleep for two days?
I might just go longboard at San O [laughs.] I don't know what else there is to do than just go enjoy surfing. It's pretty much the perfect comedown.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
[India] May 31(ANI): The India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Thursday issued a warning of a thunderstorm with strong winds and rain in various parts of Uttar Pradesh.
As per the weather department, the change in climate will be witnessed in many districts over the next three hours.
A thunderstorm accompanied with rain is very likely to occur over some areas in Gorakhpur, Santkabir Nagar, Ballia, Deoria, Kushinagar, Mahrajganj districts and adjoining areas.
Wind speed as high as 60 Km/h gusting over 80 Km/h is likely to reach during Squall.
Squall is very likely to occur over some areas in Azamgarh, Mau, Ghazipur districts and adjoining areas. Wind speed as high as 60 Km/h gusting over 80 Km/h is likely to reach during Squall. The warning comes two days after a deadly storm claimed over 30 lives in various states across the country including Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Jharkhand. On May 2, at least 100 people died in north India and some other states, owing to thunderstorms. (ANI)
The autopsy report for Mark Salling has revealed new details about their suicide, six weeks after they died of asphyxia by hanging.
In documents obtained by E! News on Monday, the Los Angeles Coroner confirmed the actor's blood alcohol concentration (BAC) was 0.095 percent, which is considered proof of intoxication under state law. Meanwhile, the toxicology report for Salling, who died on Jan. 30, showed there was no evidence of drug use.
The Los Angeles Coroner did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
PEOPLE previously confirmed Salling was found hanging from a tree in the area of the Los Angeles River in Sunland, California. They were pronounced dead at the age of 35.
The autopsy report, also obtained by TMZ, also described the tragic scene of the Glee alum's death.
Salling was found “hanging by a nylon rope which was tied to a branch a little over 6 feet above the ground,” TMZ reports, and “was wrapped around their neck five times.”
Mark Salling Peter Larsen/Getty
The coroner reportedly noted that Salling made a previous suicide attempt when they cut their wrists. “His wrist incisions were about 2.5 centimeters and 6.5 centimeters on each hand,” TMZ reports.
In their final hours, Salling was “last known to be alive watching television with their father, in the living room” on Jan. 29, according to the report obtained by E! At around midnight, their mother “woke up and noticed [Salling] and their vehicle were gone” and their roommate reportedly found their ankle monitor “down the street from the residence,” according to Entertainment Tonight, which also obtained the report.
RELATED: The Fall of Mark Salling: From a Big Break on Glee to Their Child Porn Case & Apparent Suicide
Salling's death came just over a month before they were to be sentenced to prison for possession of child pornography.
They were arrested in December 2015 after LAPD's Internet Crimes Against Children unit obtained a search warrant for their home in Sunland. Federal investigators say they found more than 25,000 images and 600 videos depicting child pornography on computers and thumb drives that belonged to Salling. The content depicted children as young as 3 years old being abused, according to court documents.
Salling pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography involving a prepubescent minor in October 2017. After striking a plea deal in December, they were due to be sentenced in March and expected to serve four to seven years in prison.
WATCH: Mark Salling's Mom ‘Had a Hard Time Grasping' Their Child Porn Scandal: The ‘Family Is Devastated'
In February, the child pornography case against Salling was officially dismissed.
A family source previously told PEOPLE that “it was clear [Salling] was dealing with demons” in the last few years of their life.
“The problem doesn't live in the existence of demons or pain or sexual appetites that began to skew as time went on,” the source said. “The inherent problem is that they did not seek help or have someone close enough to them willing to call it out.”
If you or someone you know is considering suicide, please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
All individuals ought to know the basic rules of composing a summary for degree or diploma undertaking
In case you have equipped a full thesis task, it's time to think about what conclusion it will have. Because this is the final portion of the undertaking, and so the demands for it will also be stressful. Here you will discover details about how to compose a good bottom line in the course job, which it surely can make an effect around the recognition payment.
Each and every study project should conclusion logically. We look at the standard policies that must adhere to this part of the undertaking. Considering that the bottom line should be only 3-6 webpages, then the purpose of the pupil is always to move the entire heart and soul of to operate within this scale.
In accordance with the architectural method, summary need to required range from the findings produced by the end from the major component, the final results of systematic reasoning, which leads towards the component that contain the statistics. Also to summarize you should point out the important recommendations, which could full of operate. When a pupil conducts some study, that discloses the situation and offers solutions to these issues, so in the last portion mention specifies exactly how to eliminate distinct issues.
It will point out that the setting of the objective of the task is interconnected with all areas of the main component. This means that this bottom line has got the results of the theoretical and useful elements of the task. According to this theory the very last assertion is additionally written. So, the conclusion includes exactly what was implemented within the major portion.
A short outline of construction from the created function
An essential part of each created jobs are the option of an effective and useful intro.https://essaytyperonline.com/student-holiday-getaways/ It does not matter what sort of chapter it really is and what it narrates about. What is important is it began correctly. Then you could start a generalization.
Once the properly-constructed introduction, you must response all inquiries. Here is the major answer to the issue of creating a bottom line for your thesis. If your college student is incorporated in the process of writing the perfect solution yourself a few pre-determined questions, then a verdict must be structured to set out the things. Amount them simultaneously it is far from needed. Regardless of how strange it could noise, but the record also needs to have its own opinion. That may be, summing up the effects, making a conclusion as being a total chapter, it ought to be set up. Such as, it should possess the introductory aspect, the essential conditions along with the final conclusions.
A dazzling example of the undertaking bottom line
For instance of composing the degree or diploma summary we can easily utilize the subsequent circumstance. As an example, we should start out with the language: “The objective of the work was to …. (indicate the prospective)”. Then you should have this kind of key phrase as: “To accomplish results, the study was provided by means of … (specify the sorts of analysis)”. Then, you should a bit broaden the concepts and compose: “Through the answer of your dilemma (indicate dilemma) it was researched (studied and formulated) …… (suggest the precise discoveries)”. “Ultimately, the goal of the job is reached, and it is entirely resolved.
Each of the conclusions set out inside the ultimate bottom line and based on the results of resolved issues; let being familiar with and admiring the results. It is actually needed to clarify a nicely composed intro as well as a summary can provide a clear notion of the outcomes and findings in the review, the location influenced by the difficulties as well as their setup.
Typically, the actual final outcome can have some much more information. This can be programs as papers or hyperlinks to certain resources.
São Paulo, March 31 Brazil's oil industry regulator ANP on Friday imposed a 2.6 billion reais ($833 million) fine on state oil company Petroleo de Brasileiro SA and its partners in the giant Lula offshore field for a discrepancy in the pricing of oil used in calculating the government's take.
Petrobras, which operates the field with a 65 percent stake, said in a statement the consortium would appeal the decision. Its partners in the field are BG E&P Brasil - a unit of Royal Dutch Shell Plc - with 25 percent and Petrogal Brasil, with 10 percent. ($1 = 3.1220 reais) (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Writing by Daniel Flynn; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Reirden replacing Trotz among minimal changes for Capitals
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Washington Capitals' new NHL hockey head coach Todd Reirden speaks during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Washington Capitals' new NHL hockey head coach Todd Reirden speaks during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 2 of 9 Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden speaks during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden speaks during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 3 of 9 Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden, left, chats with Capitals Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan before a news conference to introduce Reirden in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden, left, chats with Capitals Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan before a news conference to introduce Reirden in Arlington, Va., ... more Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 4 of 9 Washington Capitals NHL hockey team new head coach Todd Reirden smiles during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Washington Capitals NHL hockey team new head coach Todd Reirden smiles during an introductory news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Washington Capitals Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan, left, and newly named head coach Todd Reirden attend a news conference about the appointment of Reirden as the new NHL hockey team's coach, in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Washington Capitals Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan, left, and newly named head coach Todd Reirden attend a news conference about the appointment of Reirden as the new NHL hockey ... more Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 7 of 9 Washington Capitals NHL hockey team Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan, speaks during a news conference about the appointment of Todd Reirden as the new Capitals' head coach, in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Washington Capitals NHL hockey team Senior Vice President and General Manager Brian MacLellan, speaks during a news conference about the appointment of Todd Reirden as the new Capitals' head coach, in ... more Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 8 of 9 Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden answers questions from members of the media after a news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Washington Capitals NHL hockey new head coach Todd Reirden answers questions from members of the media after a news conference in Arlington, Va., Tuesday, July 3, 2018, at Kettler Capitals Iceplex. Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 9 of 9 Reirden replacing Trotz among minimal changes for Capitals 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) — Next season's defending champion Washington Capitals will look a lot like the group that won the Stanley Cup last month.
They re-signed defensemen John Carlson and Michal Kempny and forward Devante Smith-Pelly and have so far only lost fourth-line center Jay Beagle and backup goaltender Philipp Grubauer from their title-winning roster.
Yet the few changes could be substantial for the Capitals, most notably new coach Todd Reirden taking over for Barry Trotz with a roster that is so similar that the expectation will be another deep playoff run.
"There's going to be many things that stay the same, but there's gonna be some things that I think I have to be cognizant of," Reirden said as they were introduced Tuesday. "I want to create an environment where players are going to continue to be challenged with new ideas and new ways to improve their games."
Based on the continuity of promoting a four-year assistant, general manager Brian MacLellan and Reirden expect this to be a "seamless transition." Set aside the awkward circumstances of Trotz's departure and the Capitals had been grooming Reirden for a head coaching job somewhere in the NHL for some time now.
Reirden was the finalist for Calgary's job two years ago and in retrospect is glad that didn't work out. Their first NHL head coaching job happens to be this one, as just the fourth coach in the past 30 years to assume control of a Cup champion.
With the vast majority of the roster back, Alex Ovechkin coming off a playoff MVP performance and almost the entire defense they helped develop back to try to repeat, the pressure is on.
"Todd's at that point in their career where he's earned a head coaching job," MacLellan said. "He's put in all the work. He's got all the experience. It's just a matter of seeing them take control. I have all the faith in the world that they can accomplish it. He's just ready to do it right now."
Beagle signed a four-year, $12 million contract with the Canucks, and the Capitals traded Grubauer and defenseman Brooks Orpik to the Avalanche to clear the cap space they needed to ink Carlson to a $64 million, eight-year deal. Orpik could still return after Colorado bought them out and made them a free agent, which could mean 18 of 19 players who skated in the Cup-winning Game 5 against Vegas are on the roster to begin next season.
"It's one of those offseasons where you're not trying to make a change because you like what you have culturally," MacLellan said. "This group really seems to like playing together and there's a good chemistry there, so I think it was our decision to try to (keep) as much as we could."
That did not extend to Trotz, who wanted to be paid closer to market value for a Cup-winning coach than the automatic extension that kicked in with a small raise from their previous salary. MacLellan believes Reirden can build on what Trotz started, and the 47-year-old new Capitals coach is confident in their abilities because of how much responsibility they had the past two seasons as associate coach.
"We all had input in it in what our decisions were made," Reirden said. "I feel strongly about the direction of our team and the style that we played during the year that it wasn't necessarily just one person's idea, but it was our whole staff that had large input into how our team was going to play."
The Capitals will need one assistant coach to replace Trotz choice Lane Lambert, but will keep the rest of the staff intact. They'll look to Travis Boyd or recently signed Nic Dowd to replace Beagle. And if they can't bring back Orpik, they'll likely find a veteran defenseman to play on the third pair.
That's about all that's different when the Stanley Cup banner is raised to the rafters Oct. 3, which is no accident.
"We're always looking to improve certain areas," MacLellan said. "We always look at, 'We've got a hole here. We need to fix that.' Or, 'This is a way we can get to that next level.' We've always had that type of attitude. This year, it's trying to maintain what we had."
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://twitter.com/SWhyno
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Nearly 50,000 illegal cigarettes were discovered at a convenience store in Castleford.
Sniffer dogs were sent to search Castleford Mini Market with officers from the West Yorkshire Trading Standards Service (WYTSS) Trading Standards officers in May this year, after a tip off that the business was dealing in illegal tobacco, putting people's health at risk.
Officers seized 2,461 illegal tobacco products, with an estimated street value of £9,844. They were concealed in boxes at the back of the Carlton Street store, a report to Wakefield Council's Licensing Sub-Committee said.
The discovery, which included 47,000 individual cigarettes and 5.55kg of hand rolling tobacco, prompted the head of WYTSS to apply for the store's premises licence to be reviewed. And at a meeting on Tuesday, the licensing committee decided to revoke it.
WYTSS case officer David Clutterbrook told the meeting the tobacco haul was “a very large amount” to find at one individual place.
They read aloud a WYTSS statement, which said: “The owner of this store has supplied illegal tobacco products and has shown a blatant disregard for the law.
“The supply of illegal tobacco causes genuine businesses to lose income, which in turn effects the local economy.”
The committee also heard how the council's Licensing Enforcement Officer Paul Dean had carried out an enforcement check at the premises in August.
They discovered a number of offences being committed under the Licensing Act 2003.
They said the licence holder had shown a “complete failure” to promote the four licensing objectives - public safety, prevention of crime and disorder, prevention of public nuisance and protection of children from harm - and had shown “he is not fit and proper to hold a premises licence”.
West Yorkshire Police representatives said it was the first time the premises had “come on our radar” but said they supported the licence revocation.
Premises licence holder Pawel Mirga did not attend the meeting. The committee said they believed revoking the licence was “the only step” appropriate.
Images supplied by West Yorkshire Trading Standards
The PGA Tour Champions Rapiscan Systems Classic, formally the Mississippi Gulf Resort Classic..is set to tee-off Friday and will run through Sunday at Fallen Oak. On Monday Diamondhead Country Club's Pine Course was the site of a PGA Tour Champions qualifier.
John Inman of Durham, North Carolina led the field with a 6-under 66. Kevin Johnson of of Palm beach Gardens, Florida qualified with a 4-under 68.
Paul Claxton was 3-under along with 1990 Ben Hogan Gulf Coast Classic Champion Dick Mast. Those four golfers will compete in the Rapiscan Systems Classic.
Magnus Atlevi, Gibby Gilbert, Clark Dennis, John Riegger and Geoffrey Sisk also closed out the qualifier at 3-under par, but were beaten out in a playoff by Claxton and Mast.
John Elliott, the 1994 Nike Mississippi Gulf Coast Classic champion, finished with a 3-over 75. Guy Borros who turned pro in 1986 entered the club house with a 1-under 71. Skip Kendall closed out the qualifier with an even par 72.
Kevin Johnson will get a shot to vie for the Rapiscan Systems Classic title after their 4-under 68. They say trying to qualify each week is a difficult task.
"You've got a lot of tour winners in the past, "said Johnson. "They figured out they have to come out and qualify. They're doing anything they can to get out here. So, it's tough each week and fortunately we have about 40 guys who try each week. The scores are usually pretty low."
2017 Mississippi Gulf Resort Champion Miguel Angel Jimenez is back ready to defend their title in the newly named classic. A field of 78 players will be competing in the $1.6 million tournament. It will consist of 18-hole stroke play for three rounds. The field will be gunning for the $240,000 first-place check.
Wednesday's Pro-Am will have split tee times beginning at 7:00 a.m. and Thursday's Pro-Am will have the same start time.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
White nationalists planned to hold a so-called "White Lives Matter" rally on campus at Texas A&M on September 11. Monday evening, after members of the senate and the house in Austin called upon TAMU Chancellor John Sharp to cancel the event, Sharp has confirmed that the event has been canceled.
Rep. John Raney announces to House that A&M Chancellor John Sharp has cancelled white supremacists' event on campus #txlege — Alexa Ura (@alexazura) August 14, 2017
BREAKING: A&M has confirmed to me that the white nationalist rally on campus has been cancelled. — Matthew Watkins (@MWatkinsTrib) August 14, 2017
The university confirmed, giving details on Monday evening. The statement on the Texas A&M Today webpage read as follows:
After consultation with law enforcement and considerable study, Texas A&M is cancelling the event scheduled by Preston Wiginton at Rudder Plaza on campus on September 11 because of concerns about the safety of its students, faculty, staff, and the public. Texas A&M changed its policy after December's protests so that no outside individual or group could reserve campus facilities without the sponsorship of a university-sanctioned group. None of the 1200-plus campus organizations invited Preston Wiginton nor did they agree to sponsor their events in December 2016 or on September 11 of this year. With no university facilities afforded him, they chose instead to plan their event outdoors for September 11 at Rudder Plaza, in the middle of campus, during a school day, with a notification to the media under the headline “Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M.” Linking the tragedy of Charlottesville with the Texas A&M event creates a major security risk on our campus. Additionally, the daylong event would provide disruption to our class schedules and to student, faculty and staff movement (both bus system and pedestrian). Texas A&M's support of the First Amendment and the freedom of speech cannot be questioned. On December 6, 2016 the university and law enforcement allowed the same speaker the opportunity to share their views, taking all of the necessary precautions to ensure a peaceful event. However, in this case, circumstances and information relating to the event have changed and the risks of threat to life and safety compel us to cancel the event. Finally, the thoughts and prayers of Aggies here on campus and around the world are with those individuals affected by the tragedy in Charlottesville.
Previous story:
The AP reports that white nationalist organizer Preston Wiginton, a former A&M student, has invited Richard Spencer to address the rally, though Spencer has not confirmed as yet. Wiginton says they were inspired by this weekend's "Unite the Right" rally in Virginia, during which a woman was killed and nineteen were injured by a white nationalist sympathizer plowing into a group of counterprotesters in their vehicle at the rally.
Just got this press release under the heading "TODAY CHARLOTTESVILLE TOMORROW TEXAS A&M" pic.twitter.com/W9q16A3Sr7 — Matthew Watkins (@MWatkinsTrib) August 12, 2017
University officials have criticized the views of the group, calling the planned "White Lives Matter" meeting "counter to the core values of Texas A&M." The group has a right to assemble under the First Amendment; Amy Smith, the university's spokesperson, says that anyone can reserve space on the public university's campus. However, many on campus are strongly against the rally's underlying purposes, and plan to counterprotest.
this happened in SA yesterday as well, one in Houston, alt-right plans on speaking at TAMU, 9/11 #maroonwallhttps://t.co/rOvHyuzkdG — Jeff McIlhaney (@jbmcilhaney) August 13, 2017
A group of students at Texas A&M has begun to organize a counterprotest of their own at Rudder Plaza to decry the rally's purpose. The student group plans to form a "maroon wall" during the rally to show their opposition to the group's agenda, which they say serves only to "harass our fellow Aggies of color."
University of Texas Longhorns are supporting the Maroon Wall counterprotest, as well, calling for their own to join the event on the TAMU campus.
Many affiliated with the university are expressing their unhappiness with the white nationalist event.
Gig 'Em Ags. #maroonwall
I don't know who this person is but they won my award for the greatest poster the last time these losers showed up pic.twitter.com/1VHW0O3TwW — Cheney Coker (@CGCoker) August 13, 2017
Texas A&M may be conservative, but that doesn't mean hate is welcome. Pass it back ags #maroonwall https://t.co/di2jAaJvau — Jason Druebert (@jdruebert) August 13, 2017
Texas state lawmakers want A&M to block the rally, the AP reports.
Dallas Democratic Rep. Helen Giddings said during a House floor speech Monday that A&M administrators should "unequivocally denounce and fight against" racist groups and that Texas should reject hate in all forms with one voice. Nearly every House member stood alongside them
Rep. Paul Workman, an Austin Republican, said a petition being circulated for A&M graduates in the House is attempting to "keep this from going on on our campus."
A similar event is planned for September 12 at The University of Florida in Gainesville.
"While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space," UF President Kent Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
The AP reported that Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A Sedona resident is going to get their chance to prove state utility regulators illegally withheld information about a study of the health effects of “smart” meters.
In a ruling Tuesday, the state Court of Appeals said Warren Woodward is entitled to have a judge determine whether the Arizona Corporation Commission acted improperly in refusing to disclose some details. Attorneys for the regulators claimed a variety of reasons for denying access to documents, including that some would disclose the “state of mind” of those writing it.
More to the point, Judge Diane Johnsen, writing for the unanimous three-judge panel, said Woodward may be legally entitled to share what they already know of the information they were initially denied, information a trial judge told them they had to keep to himself.
That could undermine public confidence in the commission's decision to allow utilities to effectively force the radio-transmitting electric meters onto their customers.
What Woodward found, according to court documents obtained by Capitol Media Services, was evidence that commission staffers may have had input into what was supposed to be an independent investigation by the Department of Health Services into whether the meters — and the radio emissions they make — can affect residents of the homes where they are installed.
And Woodward said they have other evidence the health department study may have been skewed because of commission influence.
“ACC had their fingerprints all over this study from beginning to end,” they said, saying commission staffers provided the health department with studies claiming the meters are safe “and said, basically, in so many words, this is what we're looking for.”
Commission spokesperson Holly Ward declined to discuss any of the specifics. They said their agency will await some direction from the Yavapai County Superior Court judge who now gets to decide what more Woodward can make public and whether the commission acted illegally in keeping from them in the first place.
Central to the legal fight are questions about “smart” meters which provide a utility with regular updates via radio signals of each customer's usage.
Most major electric companies use them as an alternative to having staffers go out and physically read the meter. In fact, the commission has said utilities can charge an additional monthly fee to those customers who have health concerns and want to opt out.
In a 2014 study done for the commission, the health department found there are studies that show radio frequencies might affect human physiology.
“However, these studies cannot conclude that the cellular changes necessarily lead to disease,” the report says.
Separate testing to determine the maximum exposure someone might get from a meter in a “worst-case scenario” concluded that the levels of radio frequencies were below “levels of public health concern.”
“With the available information, exposure to (smart) meters are not likely to harm the health of the public,” the report concluded.
Woodward then sought records on the study, including communications among commissioners, staffers and the health department. Some of what the commission provided them had multiple words, sentences and, in some cases, even pages blacked out.
When Woodward filed suit, Jeffrey Paupore, an acting judge in Yavapai County, decided to review the undredacted version of the records. They also gave a copy to Woodward so they could make their arguments about why they were entitled to the information.
Paupore eventually ruled that since Woodward got the information, the lawsuit was moot — though they barred Woodward from distributing what they had.
Johnsen, in Tuesday's ruling, said Paupore had no right to issue such a blanket restraining order.
“A prior restraint is the most serious and least tolerable infringement on First Amendment rights,” they wrote. They said Paupore made no findings to support their order.
Tuesday's ruling now requires Paupore to consider both whether the commission improperly withheld public documents in the first place — a finding that could force the commission to pay all of Woodward's out-of-pocket costs — and the validity of the gag order.
In the meantime, through their court filings, Woodward already has made public some of what they got.
For example, the commission refused to disclose one email thread as “attorney-client privilege.”
But Woodward said it turns out that it was about setting up a meeting between commission staffers and the health department to review the study the commission had asked be performed.
“This is an opportunity for us to look at the DHS report before it is sent over to the ACC,” wrote Jodi Jerich, then the commission's executive director. Woodward also claims the commission, which was supposedly looking for an impartial report on the meters, was “looking for studies to whitewash the effects of the smart meters” and sending them to the health department.
They said the commission, having sought the health study, should have taken a “hands-off” approach.
“That's not what happened,” Woodward said.
The redactions also hid the fact that some of the health department study was done at the home of the commission's chief engineer.
And the commission even refused to disclose the fact that Jerich and Bob Stump, then chairperson of the commission, asked Capitol police for extra police at a 2014 meeting that Woodward planned to attend and apparently suggested.
Woodward also found an email from then-Commissioner Brenda Burns to a staffer was completely blacked out under the claim of “state of mind.” They said it turns out that Burns wanted the staffer to “give me some quotes” so they could make comments at an upcoming meeting.
Commission attorney Andy Kvesic on Tuesday defended the exclusion based on “state of mind,” saying that's just a different way of concluding that commissioners and their staffs are entitled to a “legislative privilege” to shield communications that are part of reaching a decision.
ALBANY, N.Y. — Pauly Paulicap had 13 points and 13 rebounds, Rich Williams added 10 points and 11 boards and Manhattan beat Siena 51-47 on Friday night.
Zane Waterman's layup with 2:38 left gave the Jaspers (11-13, 6-6 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) the lead for good at 49-47. A Manhattan turnover with 15 seconds left gave the Saints (7-17, 3-8) a chance to tie or go ahead with their final possession. Paulicap blocked Ahsante Shivers' layup attempt out of bounds with 2.1 seconds left. Zavier Turner stole it from Siena's Thomas Huerter Jr. on the ensuing inbound play and added a pair of free throws to cap the scoring.
Manhattan trailed by nine points at halftime before erasing its deficit with 11 straight points to lead 42-39 just past the midpoint of the second half.
Kadeem Smithen led Siena with 18 points, Evan Fisher scored 10, and Prince Oduro had 12 rebounds to go with six points.
* Freudenberg would keep just over 50 pct of Vibracoustic
* Could use proceeds of an IPO for acquisitions
* Could make acquisitions worth 3-4 bln euros after IPO (Adds details on future holding in Vibracoustic, use of proceeds)
By Ilona Wissenbach
WEINHEIM, Germany, April 5 Germany's Freudenberg may revive plans to float its automotive vibration control technology unit Vibracoustic on the stock exchange, its chief executive said on Wednesday.
"We will make a decision on a flotation by the end of the year," Mohsen Sohi told journalists at a news conference.
They added automotive supplier Freudenberg would remain an anchor investor with just over 50 percent in Vibracoustic after a possible initial public offering (IPO).
Privately-held Freudenberg last year bought the 50 percent in Vibracoustic it did not yet own from joint venture partner Trelleborg in a deal valuing the unit at 1.8 billion euros ($1.9 billion), including debt.
Freudenberg and Trelleborg had at one point started preparations for an IPO of Vibracoustic but then put them on ice due to market volatility.
Bankers expect Freudenberg to retain Lazard as IPO adviser and Deutsche Bank as global coordinator if it goes ahead with a flotation.
CEO Sohi said on Wednesday the German firm could use proceeds of the IPO for acquisitions.
The group could currently fund purchases worth 2-3 billion euros, which would rise to 3-4 billion after a flotation of Vibracoustic, they said.
They did not say in which sector Freudenberg could look to expand. The group generates around half of its annual revenues of 8.6 billion euros from automotive supplies, while the rest comes from products ranging from filters for gas turbines to industrial lubricants and Vileda-branded mops.
($1 = 0.9368 euros) (Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Edward Taylor and Mark Potter)
March 29 Carry Wealth Holdings Ltd
* Lee Sheng Kuang, James will be re-designated from an executive director to a non-executive director
* Li Haifeng, being chairperson and an executive director, will be appointed as chief executive officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team was at the 7-Eleven in Bellevue giving listeners free prizes and a chance to win an Amazon Echo! If you stopped by, find your pictures here!
Egypt: Two killed in train-bus crash in Giza
Two people were killed in Al-Atf in Giza over the weekend when a train slammed into a bus. The accident, which killed the bus driver and a passenger, paralyzed traffic of trains coming to and from Cairo heading to Upper Egypt for more than two hours.
* In-house research not possible for smaller funds
* Funds to focus on quality, "must-have" research
* Contracts to be signed by third quarter
By Pratima Desai
LONDON, March 30 Only the strongest commodity analysts will survive new European rules that require funds to pay separately for bank research from January, with independent firms seen as big winners in the new regime.
The regulation comes under the umbrella of a sweeping new EU law called Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II), the biggest overhaul of securities rules in a decade, designed to apply lessons from the 2008 financial crisis.
MiFID II specifies that the cost of research is budgeted separately from other trading fees. The aim is to ensure that the costs are transparent and come out of fund manager revenues, rather than being bundled into a single trading commission fee paid by investors as they are now.
Some of the world's largest fund managers may choose to develop their own research functions, but that will not be possible for smaller firms that do not have the resources.
"We don't have the capacity to do the research in-house. Our research budget is going to at least double. Even so, it won't be enough," a fund manager focusing on natural resources said.
"We'll have to be more discriminating, it won't be difficult -- on a given day I might get 40 research notes of which I might read five. It does mean only the best will survive."
Sources say commodity research is unlikely to cost as much as that for equities or bonds, which account for more than 80 percent of allocated investor money. But without giving any numbers they did say the expense will be significant.
Choice of vendor for individual managers will hinge on relationships, quality, the resources devoted to commodities and whether the research is core or an add-on.
Some are planning to opt for independent research.
"Why would I buy the skewed 'let me talk my book' bank research, when I can get better quality research from someone like (independent commodity consultancies) Wood Mackenzie or BCA Research," a source at a Europe-based private equity firm said.
"If I have to pay for research, I'm going to be super selective, focus on what I really need, what is useful. Bank analysts get data on things like cost curves from the independents anyway."
Other commodity consultancies mentioned include Energy Aspects, CRU Group, Roskill and Rystad Energy.
"There's been more interest from that side of the fence (funds) this year. We've had more enquiries about our research, how much it costs and where we get our information from," a marketing source at a commodity consultancy said.
"Decisions are going to have to be made very soon."
Fund sources expect contracts to be signed by the third quarter as banks will need to ensure they have the necessary expertise to provide the promised research by January.
"There really is no alternative in commodities," one banking source said when asked whether plans by banks to exempt currency strategists from the new rules by changing their job titles could be an option.
Guidance from the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) says firms can treat "short term market commentary on the latest economic statistics" as minor non-monetary benefits that are not covered by the regulations.
"You won't be able to shoe-horn commodities research into that definition," the banking source said. (Reporting by Pratima Desai,; Editing by Veronica Brown and Susan Thomas)
Readers have been out and about taking pictures of life across the area.
Here is a round-up of some of the best snaps sent in this week.
If you would like to see your picture appear online and in the newspaper please send them in via email.
They don't have to be related to a news story - they could be a local landmark, a gathering of friends - anything that records everyday life.
Check back again next week to see more great shots.
April 20 Production Plus Energy Services :
* Entered into an agreement with Schlumberger to create joint ventures in Canada and US
* Will contribute its HEAL system business to JV entities in exchange for cash consideration and future contingent payments
* At closing of transaction, production Plus will hold a 50.1% interest in JV entities and Schlumberger will hold 49.9%
* Board of directors of Production Plus has unanimously approved transaction
* Consideration received for 49.9% interest in HEAL system business will provide co opportunity to effect a special dividend Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It was a rough start to the week in Toronto and New York as the markets took some steep losses today. Materials and energy weighed Bay Street down as oil prices fell and investors played it safe ahead of an expected U.S. interest rate increase this week. The Federal Reserve is having a policy meeting tomorrow and Wednesday.
The TSX lost 121 points to close the day at 15,589.
On Wall Street tech stocks paved the way for big losses as Facebook dropped like a stone following news the company leaked profiles for over 50 million members to Cambridge Analytica. The industrial sector was down too as G20 finance ministers are meeting in Buenos Aires. U.S. President Donald Trump's tariffs are expected to be a hot topic there.
The Dow Jones closed the day at 24,610, down 335 points.
The federal government is teaming up with Ontario, Quebec and the private sector for a $400 million investment in linked laboratories for 5G technology. The money is meant to encourage Canadian-made innovations in the field.
At press time oil is down 19 cents to $62.22 U.S. per barrel, gold is up $4.20 to $1316.50 an ounce, and the loonie is up a fifth of a cent to 76.54 cents U.S.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan's rebels on Saturday said they had wrested control of Pagak, their stronghold town near the country's border with Ethiopia, from government forces, a day after launching an offensive to drive them out.
Formerly controlled by the rebels, the town was captured by South Sudan's military five days ago but heavy fighting erupted on Friday with rebels vowing to retake it.
"We took control of Pagak...government forces are not in Pagak, we have pushed them out," rebel spokesperson Lam Paul Gabriel told Reuters.
Dickson Gatluak Jock, spokesperson for South Sudan's Vice President, Taban Deng Gai, denied the military had lost Pagak but said they had lost three soldiers in the fighting while four were wounded.
Gai is a former rebel but last year they defected to the government side and was handed the vice presidency job. Their former rebel forces, who are now part of the government military, are the ones on the frontline in Pagak.
"We clashed with them (rebels) yesterday in Pagak but we are in full control of the area," they said.
Fighting had died down on Saturday, they said, but acknowledged the rebels "are not very far from our area."
Pagak is a major town on a road connecting South Sudan to Ethiopia. Rebel control of the town allows them easy cross-border movement and smuggling of weapons and other supplies from Ethiopia. The government is also eager to control it so that it can block rebel access to resources.
South Sudan descended into civil war in 2013, only two years after it won independence, when President Salva Kiir fired their deputy, Riek Machar, unleashing a conflict that has since splintered along multiple ethnic lines.
Machar has been under house arrest in South Africa since December as regional leaders try to bring about an end to the conflict. The rebels fighting government forces in South Sudan remain loyal to him.
Jock said the military had killed five rebels during Friday's fighting but the insurgents denied the claim.
Bengaluru: Income Tax officials on Tuesday raided offices and homes of 11 government contractors in Bengaluru and Mysuru in poll-bound Karnataka for alleged tax evasion, a senior official said.
"Raids were conducted by officials of the I-T Investigation Wing on one contractor in Bengaluru and 10 in Mysuru. They work on state government's projects through tendering," Income Tax Department Joint Commissioner G. Ramesh said in a statement here.
Denying reports in a section of the media, including news channels, Ramesh said that the office or residence of Public Works Department Minister M.C. Mahadevappa was not searched in Bengaluru or Mysuru.
"No minister's premises was raided as reported by some media channels," they clarified. Election to the 224-member Assembly will be held on May 12, with vote count on May 15. The officials seized Rs 4.13 crore and 4.52 kg gold jewellery valued at Rs 1.32 crore during the raids across the southern state in the last three weeks. "Of the Rs 4.13 crore seized, Bengaluru accounts for seizure of Rs 2.47 crore and Ballari Rs 55 lakh," Ramesh said in a statement on April 21. The mine-rich Ballari town is 330 km from Bengaluru. The Income Tax Department had stepped up surveillance and in view of the elections. In one of the raids, officials seized Rs 55 lakh from a person. In another case, household articles valued at Rs 9.51 crore intended for distribution were found stored in a warehouse near Mysuru.
Afghan officials told reporters this week that Beijing is reportedly holding discussions with Kabul over establishing a military base near China's border with Afghanistan.
Chinese officials reportedly cited concerns about the threat posed by Uighur jihadists in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region, considered by the Pentagon to be home to the “highest concentration” of terrorists in the world.
Afghanistan shares a border with the autonomous Xinjiang region—China's largest province. Xinjiang is home to China's oppressed Muslim Uighur (or Uyghur) minority, whose separatist groups reportedly train and operate in the Af-Pak region.
Kabul and Beijing have been in talks over China's military establishment since December, but details remain elusive, indicated Mohammad Radmanesh, a spokesperson for the Kabul-based defense ministry.
“We are going to build it (the base) but the Chinese government has committed to help the division financially, provide equipment and train the Afghan soldiers,” they told the Agence France-Presse (AFP) news agency.
An unnamed Chinese embassy official in Kabul only told AFP Beijing is involved in “capacity-building” in Afghanistan, without explicitly confirming any projects.
The U.S.-NATO mission in Afghanistan declined to comment.
However, U.S. troops, which have been fighting terrorists in Afghanistan since October 2001, are “aware” of China's military presence in China and do not appear to be concerned, Breitbart News learned from the Pentagon, which recently reported:
China's low, but increasing levels of military, economic, and political engagement in Afghanistan are driven by domestic security concerns that violent extremism will spread across the Afghan border into China and China's increasing desire to protect its regional economic investments. China is a member of the Quadrilateral Coordination Group (QCG) seeking to support Afghan and Taliban peace and reconciliation efforts
China has been providing military aid to Afghanistan, a move that the American military has encouraged under U.S. President Donald Trump.
AFP reports:
The army camp will be built in Afghanistan's remote and mountainous Wakhan Corridor, where witnesses have reported seeing Chinese and Afghan troops on joint patrols. The freezing, barren panhandle of land — bordering China's tense Xinjiang region—is so cut off from the rest of Afghanistan that many inhabitants are unaware of the Afghan conflict, scraping out harsh but peaceful lives. However they retain strong links with neighbors in Xinjiang, and with so few travelers in the region local interest in the Chinese visitors has been high, residents told AFP on a recent visit there.
Uighurs linked to the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL), which is also maintained a presence in Afghanistan, have vowed to return to China and “shed blood like rivers.”
AFP notes:
Beijing fears that exiled Uighur members of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM) are passing through the Wakhan into Xinjiang to carry out attacks It also worries that Islamic State group militants fleeing Iraq and Syria could cross Central Asia and Xinjiang to reach Afghanistan, or use the Wakhan to enter China, analysts say.
Beijing has already deployed troops to war-ravaged Syria to keep Uighur jihadists there in check.
China's jihadi threat primarily emanates from neighboring Pakistan and to a lesser extent Afghanistan, according to the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission. While China borders mainland Afghanistan, the Asian giant shares an international boundary with Pakistan occupied Kashmir, a region that New Delhi, Beijing, and Islamabad claim as their own.
Pakistan and its top ally China consider India to be their regional rival. China is already reportedly planning to establish a military base in Pakistan.
Beijing's interest in building a base in Afghanistan comes amid Chinese President Xi Jinping's ambitious One Belt One Road (OBOR) project, also known as the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), which involves pouring billions of dollars into infrastructure across South Asia.
The success of OBOR, or the modern-day Silk Road, is contingent upon lasting peace and stability in South Asia, which means China can no longer ignore the war across its border.
China has also invested in Afghanistan's lucrative mineral mining industry, a move that critics believe comes at the expense of America's sacrifices throughout the ongoing more than 16-year-old war.
In October, AFP learned from local members of the Kyrgyz ethnic minority in Afghanistan that Chinese and Afghan military have been conducting patrols on for months.
“We were strictly told not to go near them or talk to them and not to take any photos,” revealed Abdul Rashid, a Kyrgyz chief, adding that they had seen vehicles flying Chinese flags driving around Afghan territory since last summer.
Nevertheless, both China and Afghanistan continue to deny the repeated claims that they are conducting military operations together, points out AFP.
While Kabul's access to the remote Wakhan Corridor is limited, preventing it from providing many services, China has been bringing supplies, locals told AFP.
Liam Payne has found it hard being away from home in the lead up to Christmas.
The 24-year-old singer has only seen pictures of the festive decorations chosen by their girlfriend Cheryl Tweedy to adorn their home because he's been busy promoting their music, and they admit it is tough being away from their partner and their eight-month-old son Bear at this special time of year.
They said: "The house has just been done up all Christmassy so there's a lovely feeling around at the minute. I've been away for a little while so I've only seen pictures, that's been the hardest thing about touring."
While the 'Strip That Down' singer is excited about their first Christmas as a parent, they and Cheryl aren't planning to buy Bear any gifts.
They added: "But first Christmas as a dad. Best advice I've been given is just buy wrapping paper and make it really, really shiny because they'll only be interested in that."
Liam recently admitted they can't wait to spend time with Cheryl and Bear over Christmas - and is equally excited about overindulging in "lovely Christmas food".
They said: "My holiday plans are to spend some beautiful time with my son and to eat my own weight in lovely Christmas food. You might see a different Liam after Christmas, and then you'll see post-Christmas Liam with a new year's resolution, hopefully!"
And the One Direction star will be inviting their extended family over to celebrated too.
They said: "It's going to be amazing. We've been arranging getting the stockings and the names on them and all that cute stuff. All my family are coming over. We'll have a big Christmas dinner."
WARSAW Poland is working on regulations that would allow it to detain asylum seekers in border camps, the interior minister said on Thursday, arguing such a policy has served Hungary well despite it being criticised by the United Nations.
Poland, Hungary and other central European EU member states are opposed to an European Commission plan to distribute migrants from Africa and the Middle East across the bloc.
But unlike Hungary, Poland - a country which issued over a million work permits for neighbouring Ukrainians last year - has not seen thousands of migrants from Africa and Middle East storm its borders.
"My task is to assure the safety of Poles. We must be also prepared for this bad scenario, which I hope will not happen," Blaszczak told state television. "The bad scenario is a wave of migration that could sweep across Poland."
Asked on Radio Zet if Blaszczak would place migrants in camps made from shipping containers behind barbed wire, they replied: "This is an idea for an emergency situation which has worked well in Hungary."
Hungary, one of the focal points of Europe's migration crisis since 2015, last month approved a law to detain migrants in border camps, a step which the United Nations said violated EU law and would have a "terrible physical and psychological impact" on asylum seekers.
Blaszczak also reiterated that accepting migrants under the EU plan to distribute them could pose security risks for Poland.
"There were no terror attacks in Poland because Poland has backed out of a decision that was taken by the previous government to accept thousands of migrants called refugees," Blaszczak told state television.
The migrant relocation plan was decided by EU leaders in September 2015 despite Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania voting against it. Although generally opposed to it, Poland's previous centrist government voted with majority.
On Wednesday, the EU executive arm stepped up pressure on Poland and Hungary to take in asylum seekers under the bloc's plan.
(Reporting by Marcin Goettig; Editing by Alison Williams)
Jennifer Michelle Carmack is charged with one count of embezzlement. (Photo source: Gulfport Police Dept.)
A McDonald's manager in Gulfport is charged with embezzlement after their employer found at least three cash deposits were missing.
Jennifer Michelle Carmack worked at the McDonald's on Lorraine Road, just north of I-10. Police say they were the manager who should have made the deposits totaling more than $7,500.
A complaint about the missing money was filed Saturday, and police started their investigation. By Thursday, Carmack turned themselves in to police. They were being held at the Harrison County Adult Detention Center on a $5,000 bond.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Norman Paul Damiens, 88, passed away on July 2, 2018 at home after battling cancer.
Norman was born on April 13, 1930 in New Orleans, LA, to Mr. and Mrs. Joe L. Damiens. They were a graduate of St. Joseph Catholic School in Jackson, MS. While attending Hinds Junior College, Mr. Damiens was called into active service with the United States Marines. Serving their country during the Korean War in 1950, Sergeant Damiens was in "C-Charley Battery", 7th 105 Howitzer Battalion Reserves. The Battery consisted of 100 men. They were one of 19 men cut off from their battery for over two weeks, which is known in history as the famous "Changjin Reservoir." Some 12,000 Chinese came through and these 19 men were given up for dead. The men by a miracle escaped and were evacuated. These brave Marines fought weather 18 degrees below zero in North Korea. Sergeant Damiens suffered from frost bite which affected them throughout their life.
Norman married the love of their life Ms. Patricia "Pat" Easom on September 28, 1950 in Oceanside, Calif., at Camp Pendleton. Upon returning from the war, they set up family life in Yazoo City, where they owned and operated Yazoo Tire Service for 36 years. After retirement, Norman and their wife Pat traveled extensively and they enjoyed fishing on a regular basis. They loved hearing and giving the fish report amongst numerous friends.
They were preceded in death by their wife Patricia Easom Damiens of Raymond, MS, and their parents. Also preceding them in death are two grandsons, Richard Wayne Damiens and John Norman Damiens, and a sister, Shirley Damiens Harris.
 They are survived by three sons, Jeff Damiens (Lucianne) of Bay St. Louis, MS; Roy Damiens (Lee Ann) of Canton, MS; and Joe Damiens of Lafayette, LA; one daughter, Sandra Damiens of Yazoo City, MS; grandsons, Ryan Damiens, John Philip Damiens (Alissa), Patric Damiens; three great-granddaughters, two great-great-granddaughters, and one great-great-grandson.  They are also survived by two brothers, Dan Damiens and Roy Damiens (Tootie).
Mr. Damiens was a devout Catholic and communicate of St. Mary's Catholic Church in Yazoo City, MS. Their strong faith led them through life and especially with their battle with cancer.
The family would like to sincerely thank the devoted caregivers, Brenda Ketchum and Jennifer Ketchum for providing comfort and care for Mr. Damiens along with Continue Care Hospice Services.
Services begin with visitation at St. Mary's Catholic Chuch on Friday, July 6, 2018, from 10- 11 a.m. and funeral mass at 11 a.m. Burial is at Lakewood Memorial Park in Jackson.
Stricklin-King Funeral Home is handling the arrangements.
Faizabad: Uttar Pradesh Shia Waqf Board chairperson Waseem Rizvi on Friday suggested that Muslims who are against the construction of Ram temple in Ayodhya "must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh".
The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi dispute from 8 February.
Rizvi offered Friday prayers at the disputed site in Ayodhya and also met the chief priest of the Ram Janambhoomi, Acharya Satyendra Das.
On the occasion, they said, "Those who are opposing the Ram Janambhoomi temple in Ayodhya and want to build the Babri Mosque there... People having such fundamentalist mentality should go to Pakistan and Bangladesh. Such Muslims do not have any place in India."
"Those who want to spread Jihad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Bakr Baghdadi, the Islamic State chief in Syria," Rizvi said. They alleged that fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country. They must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan, they said. They alleged that fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country. They must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan, they said. Reacting to Rizvi's remarks, Shia clerics demanded that they be arrested for trying to communalise the atmosphere. Reacting to Rizvi's remarks, Shia clerics demanded that they be arrested for trying to communalise the atmosphere. Talking to PTI, president of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged, "Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties." Talking to PTI, president of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged, "Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties." "He has been charge-sheeted by the CB-CID and to save themselves from the claws of the law, they are enacting a big drama," they said. "He has been charge-sheeted by the CB-CID and to save themselves from the claws of the law, they are enacting a big drama," they said. "During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, they were patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan. Now, during the BJP government, they want to be spared," Inquilabi said. "During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, they were patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan. Now, during the BJP government, they want to be spared," Inquilabi said.
× Chesterfield man killed riding motorcycle
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. — Chesterfield Police have asked for help in their investigation into a fatal motorcycle crash.
Michael S. Griffin, 53, was killed Sunday afternoon when they lost control of their motorcycle, along the 14000 block of Beach Road, and crashed into the woods.
“Police continue their investigation into this crash and ask that anyone with information about this crash contact the Traffic Safety Section at 804-748-1785,” a Chesterfield Police spokesperson said.
Friends and family of Mr. Griffin can share memories and photos here.
LONDON Tottenham Hotspur have not ruled out staying at their White Hart Lane stadium next season despite being given permission last week to play across London at Wembley next season.
The Premier League club is building a 61,000-seat stadium adjacent to White Hart Lane, their home since 1899, which is scheduled to be demolished at the end of the current season.
Tottenham hope to move into the new arena for the 2018-19 season, after a year of playing at Wembley's 90,000-seater stadium, but chairperson Daniel Levy said on Wednesday that they could remain at their existing home longer than planned.
"Whilst everyone is eager to know if this is our last season at the Lane, we shall only make the decision to decommission our historic White Hart Lane when we have greater certainty on the delivery of the new stadium," Levy told the club's website.
Spurs, who played Champions League and Europa League ties at Wembley this term, have been given approval by Brent Council's planning committee to play 27 games at the national stadium next season. They have a March 31 deadline to take up the offer.
Work on Tottenham's new 800 million pounds stadium is progressing well but the north London club are anxious to avoid having to play 'away' from home on the other side of London for more than one season.
In a statement showing record revenues of 209 million pounds in the year to June 2016, Spurs said the delivery timetable for the stadium and associated public sector infrastructure works were "paramount" before any decommissioning of White Hart Lane.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; edited by Julian Shea)
From Harford Community College:
While Harford Community College celebrated its 60th anniversary during this academic year with many events and activities, it's the accomplishments and honors received by students, faculty and staff that demonstrate why Harford Community College is the anchor institution for higher education in Harford County.
Harford Community College students participated in an alternative winter break in Houston, helping those affected by Hurricane Harvey, and an alternative spring break in New Orleans assisting communities in need; faculty member Susan Muaddi Darraj was named a 2018 Ford Fellow; and the women's basketball team made its third consecutive appearance in the NJCAA Division I National Tournament.
For the second year in a row, a student team won the Maryland Sustainable Growth Challenge; five College employees received excellence awards from the National Institute for Staff and Organization Development; and the College's foundation reached a milestone $10 million in net assets.
Another major accomplishment during the 60th anniversary year was Harford Community College joining Achieving the Dream, a network of more than 220 colleges in 39 states dedicated to improving student success. The network will assist Harford Community College in implementing cutting-edge reforms and connecting with peers to foster learning and share information.
Student success is priority one at Harford Community College. An example of that success is Churchville resident Hailee Domich, a psychology major, who received the Outstanding Student Leadership Award at Commencement on May 24.
Them involvement on campus includes being president of Psyched Up!, a student organization that hosts programming related to wellness, mental health and community outreach; inaugural president of the National Society of Leadership and Success, a newly formed leadership society at Harford Community College; and executive senator of the Student Government Association.
In addition, they served as an orientation leader where they inspired new students with their positive disposition and infectious passion for the College; represented the College at the Student Leadership Institute at the National Orientation Directors Association Conference; participated in the 2018 alternative winter break to Houston; and completed the Emerging Leaders program and attended the NACA Summer Leadership Event.
 They are a member of the Fighting Owls women's tennis team, Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, the Honors Program and the American Association of University Women.
Upon receiving their associate degree, Domich will enter the Honors College at Towson University where they will work on an honors thesis to enter a master's program. Them ultimate goal is to teach psychology, and they hope to do just that at Harford Community College.
“It is a privilege to be part of the 60th anniversary year graduating class,” said Domich. “Harford Community College has shaped my future by expanding my horizons thanks to the many opportunities and changes taking place on campus. I look forward to continuing to be an active part of the campus community after I graduate.”
Dianna G. Phillips, PhD, president of Harford Community College, said, “Our College's 60th anniversary was an opportunity for us to take pride in our history, our heritage and the many accomplishments and successes over the years. We are now focused forward. We must constantly discover, imagine and innovate so we can provide the best possible future for our students and for our community.”
In planning for the next 60 years, Harford Community College is working on its Facilities Master Plan. Highlights include establishing a “front door” to the campus by making the Chesapeake Center a “Welcome Center” and connecting it to the Susquehanna Center.
Other highlights include establishing a Learning Common, a central gathering space that will be a campus hub for students, faculty and staff.
Fallston Hall will be renovated to include new gathering spaces, new GIS and criminal justice labs in addition to updated technology, mechanical equipment systems and energy-efficient equipment.
New crosswalks and a perimeter sidewalk system will be created to provide safer pedestrian and vehicular traffic.
In addition, the College is looking into providing classes and workforce services along the Route 40 corridor as a way to remove transportation barriers for students.
Harford Community College offers more than 80 affordable degree and certificate programs of study as well as a variety of noncredit community education and workforce development courses. Located on 352 acres near Bel Air, Harford Community College has been helping Harford Countians achieve their goals since 1957. For more information, visit harford.edu.
8/11
BOOKED: Jeremy Raybern of Salina on Barton County District warrant for failure to appear, no bond.
BOOKED: Kiana Gonzales on Great Bend Municipal Court case for MIC and criminal carrying of firearm, bond in lieu of $500.
BOOKED: Emmanuel Ferrel on a Great Bend Municipal Court case for no DL, no tag light and transporting liquor in open container.
BOOKED: Jessica Barlow-Campbell of Hoisington on Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear, bond set at $300 cash only or 48-hour OR.
BOOKED: Patricia Avinger on Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear, bond set at $300 cash only.
BOOKED: Shaminy Clone of Great Bend for Barton County District Court case for serve sentence.
BOOKED: Marcus Snow of Great Bend on BTDC case for serve sentence.
BOOKED: Evelyn King of Great Bend for Barton County District Court case for serve sentence.
RELEASED: Kiana Gonzales on Great Bend Municipal Court case for MIC and criminal carrying of firearm after posting a $500 surety bond through TNT.
RELEASED: Emmanuel Ferrel on a Great Bend Municipal Court case for no DL, no tag light and transporting liquor in open container after posting $500 surety bond through TNT.
RELEASED: Jessica Barlow-Campbell of Hoisington on Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear after they posted a $300 cash bond.
RELEASED: Chaz Stephens on Barton County District Court case for serve sentence.
8/12
BOOKED: Sara Lewis of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court case for driving while revoked, no insurance, and illegal tags, bond in lieu of $1,000 C/S.
BOOKED: Artemio Favela of Wichita on a Great Bend Municipal Court case for driving while suspended, speeding, and no proof of insurance, bond set at $500 C/S or 48-hour OR bond.
BOOKED: Hugo Figueroa-Favela of Great Bend on Rice County District Court warrant for interference with law enforcement and driving while suspended, bond was set at $2,500 C/S.
BOOKED: Raymond Chapman of Hoisington for PNDC warrant for probation violation, no bond.
BOOKED: William Sanders of Great Bend on Barton County District Court case for battery DV, bond set at $1,000 C/S.
RELEASED: Sara Lewis of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court case for driving while revoked, no insurance and illegal tags after posting a $1,000 surety bond through TNT.
RELEASED: Hugo Figueroa-Favela of Great Bend on Rice County District Court warrant for interference with law enforcement and driving while suspended after posting a $2,500 surety bond through TNT Bail Bonds.
RELEASED: Favela Artemio of Wichita on a Great Bend Municipal Court case for driving while suspended, speeding, and no proof of insurance after posting a $500 surety bond through TNT Bail Bonds.
RELEASED: Nathan Manley of Great Bend on Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear after they received a 48-hour OR per the warrant.
RELEASED: Andrew Tirado on Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for contempt of court.
8/13
BOOKED: Jacob Schenkel of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court case for DUI, PBT refusal, failure to yield at stop sign, no driver's license in possession, violation of driver's license restricted, no insurance in possession, ITOL, bond set at $1,000.
BOOKED: Briana Lamb of Great Bend on Barton County District Court case for possession of methamphetamine, no turn signal, no insurance, possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia, and habitual violator, bond is set at $10,000 C/S.
BOOKED: Martin Lopez-Valdez of Otis on Barton County District Court case for DUI, expired DL, and driving left of center, bond is set at $1,000 C/S.
BOOKED: Shawn Corkill of Great Bend on a Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear, bond set at $500 cash.
BOOKED: Anthony Smith of Hoisington on Barton County District Court warrant for aggravated battery, bond set in lieu of $50,000 C/S and possession of stolen property.
BOOKED: Robert Lee Enrlich of Great Bend on Ford County District Court warrant for probation violation, bond is set in lieu of $15,000 C/S or $1,500 cash. Finney County warrant for probation violation, bond is set in lieu of $5,000 C/S. Finney County warrant for probation violation, bond is set in lieu of $9,000 C/S.
RELEASED: William Sanders of Great Bend on Barton County District Court case for battery DV after posting a $1,000 cash bond.
RELEASED: Jacob Schenkel of Great Bend on Great Bend Municipal Court case for DUI, PBT refusal, failure to yield at stop sign, no driver's license in possession, violation of driver's license restricted, no insurance in possession, ITOL after posting a $1,000 surety bond through Ace Bail Bonding.
RELEASED: Martin Lopez -Valdez of Otis on Barton County District Court case for DUI, expired DL, and driving left of center after posting a $1,000 surety bond through Fast Eddy's Bail Bonding.
RELEASED: Shawn Corkill of Great Bend on a Barton County District Court warrant for failure to appear after posting a $500 cash bond.
RELEASED: James Burton of Great Bend to the Kay County, Oklahoma Sheriff's Office.
RELEASED: Marcus Snow of Great Bend on BTDC case for serve sentence.
MUMBAI, April 20 The Indian government and the Reserve Bank of India had not yet reached an agreement on a new plan to clean up the record troubled debt accumulated at the country's lenders, S.S. Mundra, a deputy governor at the central bank, said on Thursday.
Mundra, in an interview with CNBC TV18, added it would be "difficult to put a timeline" on when consensus could be reached, but said it "could be very near".
Investors have been waiting for India to come up with a new plan on how to deal with almost $150 billion stressed assets at banks after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said last month it would soon announce new action.
Mundra said among the considerations would be how to provide more capital for the banks, making it important to get consensus from the government, which owns majority stakes in nearly two dozen lenders that together dominate India's banking system. (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy and Rafael Nam; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Tuesday said Congress president-designate Rahul Gandhi should make it clear whether they want a Ram Temple in Ayodhya or not.
Talking to ANI, the UP Chief Minister said, "The Gujarat election has done two things: it has taught former prime minister Manmohan Singh to speak and Rahul Gandhi to visit temples. But, Rahul should clear their stand whether they want Ram Temple in Ayodhya or not."
Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid dispute in Ayodhya is century old point of tussle between Hindus and Muslims.
After the mosque was demolished on December 6, 1992, the Hindus want to build a Ram Temple at the Ram Janmabhoomi (birthplace of Lord Rama). Adityanath was here to seek the blessings of saint Sadaram Bapu. They said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will win the Gujarat assembly election with a clear-cut majority because of the development done by the BJP led government in the last 22 years. "Nobody takes Rahul Gandhi seriously and they should clarify what they have done for Gujarat. The BJP will win the Gujarat assembly election with clear-cut majority and those who have been insulting people of Gujarat will get a befitting reply," Adityanath said. The first phase of assembly elections in Gujarat were conducted on December 9 in 89 constituencies and the polling for the second phase will be held on December 14 for 93 assembly constituencies. Counting of votes and the results would be announced together on December 18. (ANI)
Without Neymar, Barça struggles to find rhythm and face their first loss
Published 2:10 PM, August 14, 2017
BARCELONA, Spain – Cristiano Ronaldo scored and was sent off as Real Madrid beat a Barcelona side missing Neymar by winning 3-1 in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup on Sunday, August 13 (Monday, August 14, Manila time).
Ronaldo, only introduced as a second-half substitute, was shown two quickfire yellow cards after blasting Madrid into a 2-1 lead with 10 minutes to go.
However, Real extended their advantage with 10 men thanks to a sumptuous late strike from Marco Asensio.
Earlier, Lionel Messi's penalty had canceled out Gerard Pique's own goal as Barça failed to get the early season boost they needed from Neymar's departure for Paris Saint-Germain.
The sides meet again in Madrid for the second-leg on Wednesday.
"I am proud of the players because even with 10 men they played great," said Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane, who was hopeful Madrid could appeal Ronaldo's red card to free them up for the second leg.
The World Player of the Year was booked for taking off their shirt in celebration after scoring and just two minutes later saw a second yellow card when referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea adjudged they had dived in attempting to win a penalty.
However, Ronaldo could be in more trouble as they pushed the referee in the back after being shown the 10th red card of their career.
"He didn't feign anything at any moment," protested Madrid captain Sergio Ramos.
"You have to appeal because to send off a key player with 10 minutes to go in a Clasico [the referee] had to evaluate the situation in a different way."
Neymar missed
Without Neymar, Barça struggled to find their rhythm going forward as Gerard Deulofeu failed to impress in the role alongside Messi and Luis Suarez up front.
"It's a very adverse result and we have to accept that they are the favorites now," admitted new Barça boss Ernesto Valverde as their reign started in disappointment.
"But we need to play the second game. Everything doesn't just come to an end after one defeat."
The game exploded into life after the break, following an uncharacteristically quiet first 45 minutes.
Madrid immediately upped a gear at the start of the second period and were rewarded with the opening goal in a manner that would have delighted most Real fans.
Pique is often Madrid's chief aggravator, but the Spanish international was left embarrassed as they turned Marcelo's delivery past the helpless Ter Stegen into their own net.
Only an incredible goal line clearance from Jordi Alba then prevented Dani Carvajal from doubling Madrid's advantage seconds later as the game began to open up.
Ronaldo had been kept in reserve by Zidane, having missed most pre-season after their participation in the Confederations Cup with Portugal, but was finally introduced for an action-packed cameo appearance on the hour mark.
With Mateo Kovacic also replaced by Asensio, Messi was given more license to create and led Barça back into the game as Sergio Busquets somehow blazed over from close range before Messi stung the palms of Keylor Navas.
The Argentine eventually got on the scoresheet from the penalty spot after Navas brought down Suarez inside the area 13 minutes from time.
However, Madrid took just 3 minutes to retake the lead in stunning fashion as Ronaldo cut inside Pique before curling into the top corner.
And with Barça pushing forward, Madrid picked the hosts off on the counter-attack when Asensio blasted into the top corner from the edge of the box as the game entered stoppage time to all but assure they will lift the Super Cup for a 10th time. – Rappler.com
By Urvashi Goenka March 28 Most Southeast Asian stock markets ended higher on Tuesday as investors pinned their hopes on U.S. President Donald Trump's stimulus plans after the healthcare policy setback. While Trump's failure late last week to garner enough support for a plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, stoked concerns about their ability to enact stimulus policies, these began to recede overnight as investors looked with renewed, albeit tentative, optimism to the U.S. government's next policy steps. The president's policy moves will be in focus at least until the next Federal Reserve meeting, said Teerada Charnyingyong, an analyst with Phillip Securities Thailand. Philippine shares ended 1.2 percent higher in their biggest single-day percentage rise since March 13, helped by gains in industrial and financial stocks. SM Investments Corp gained 3.26 percent, while Ayala Corp rose 1.9 percent. Investors are looking at the more attractive emerging markets such as the Philippines, said Rachelle Cruz, a research analyst with AP Securities, adding that: "Last year we saw foreign investors shifting towards the United States when Trump won elections but we are calling it a reality check." The peso remains competitive and is likely to be supported by a continued flow of remittances from overseas and the health of domestic business process outsourcing, the central bank governor said on Tuesday. "The strengthening of the peso will be good for the equity markets since the central bank is not in a hurry to increase policy rate because the peso is currently stabilising," said Cruz. Singapore shares gained 1 percent, supported by financials and industrials with in-flight food caterer SATS Ltd and Singapore Technologies Engineering Ltd rising 2.3 percent and 1.9 percent, respectively. Malaysian shares ended 0.54 percent higher, helped by gains in consumer discretionary and telecom stocks. Genting Bhd rose 2.6 percent, while Axiata Group Bhd added 1.4 percent. Telecoms and industrials led the Thai stock index rise 0.4 percent. Bucking the trend, Vietnam fell 0.6 percent, hurt by losses in consumer staples and financials. Indonesia was closed for a holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change on day Market Current previous close Pct Move Singapore 3157.82 3126.88 0.99 Bangkok 1576.72 1570.5 0.39 Manila 7331.46 7245.97 1.18 Kuala Lumpur 1754.42 1744.95 0.54 Ho Chi Minh 719.26 723.52 -0.59 Change so far this year Market Current End prev yr Pct Move Singapore 3157.82 2880.76 9.62 Bangkok 1576.72 1542.94 2.19 Manila 7331.46 6840.64 7.17 Jakarta 5541.202 5296.711 4.62 Kuala Lumpur 1754.42 1641.73 6.86 Ho Chi Minh 719.26 664.87 8.18 (Reporting by Urvashi Goenka in Bengaluru; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
RED flags once again blighted the final practice ahead of qualifying for the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour.
Initially scheduled for 45 minutes, the session was extended to first 50, then 55 minutes after two separate red flag periods.
The second was the most serious, rising open-wheel racer Zane Goddard crashing the No. 94 MARC Mazda at Reid Park.
The car was badly damaged in the impact, although Goddard themselves appeared to escape unscathed.
“That's a big lick up there, those concrete walls are hard,” team manager Ryan McLeod told Radio Le Mans.
“I'm sure we could repair it but we have to evaluate the safety of it. If we don't think it's safe, we do have a spare car so we'd look at trying to run that.
“There's a great crew of young blokes in there. They came here to get some more experience; they just got some.”
Audi and BMW once again led the way, Christopher Haase putting the No. 74 Jamec-Pem Audi on top with a 2m03.0618s late in the session, heading the team's other car by almost four tenths of a second.
The No. 43 Schnitzer Team BMW was next in third, just ahead of the Australian No. 100 SRM Team BMW car, with the No. 82 International Motorsport Audi rounding out the top five, repaired overnight after a crash at Skyline on Friday.
Reigning Supercars champion Jamie Whincup ended the session sixth fastest, finding clear track to put in a time 1.25s shy of the top spot aboard the No. 75 SunEnergy1 Racing Mercedes.
Their usual Supercars teammates Shane van Gisbergen and Craig Lowndes had a less enjoyable morning.
The No. 58 YNA Autosport McLaren they will share with Come Ledogar spent all but the first 10 minutes of the session parked in the garage with a throttle sensor problem, ending the session outside the top 30.
Traffic again reared its head as an issue during the session, Stuart Leonard looping the No. 37 WRT Audi at Murray's Corner after a misunderstanding with the No. 82 Audi, while Bentley's Steven Kane was almost squeezed into the wall on the run up to the Cutting by a Class B Porsche.
“He mustn't have seen me and they kept on coming. I think they hit me twice,” Kane told Radio Le Mans.
“It's tough passing the different speed cars but we just need to try and get through the weekend and be a bit more vigilant.”
The cars will next hit the track for qualifying at 11:05am AEDT.
Despite vowing to leave Twitter after their racist tweet prompted the cancellation of their show, Roseanne Barr has remained active on the social media network.
Barr, 65, was tweeting throughout the night on Tuesday, hours after ABC swiftly canceled Roseanne following the actor' attack on former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett.
“Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = VJ,” they wrote in a since-deleted tweet posted overnight Monday. (She has since claimed to have been on Ambien while tweeting.)
Now, in a series of confusing tweets, Barr claims they didn't know Jarrett is black.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Valerie Jarrett (left) and Roseanne Barr Drew Angerer/Bloomberg via Getty Images; Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
“I thought they were Saudi,” they tweeted.
Hours later, they tweeted a contradictory statement.
“I honestly thought they were Jewish and Persian,” they said. “Ignorant of me for sure, but… I did.”
They later responded to a fan speculating that Barr didn't know Jarrett is black, claiming they indeed “didn't know” before tweeting: “I mistakenly thought they were white.”
i thought they were saudi — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
i honestly thought they were Jewish and Persian-ignorant of me for sure, but…i did. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
i didn't know — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
yes, I mistakenly thought they were white — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
RELATED: Roseanne Barr's Most Controversial Moments, from Posing as Hitler to Applauding Donald Trump
On Tuesday, Jarrett weighed in on Barr's shocking language for the first time during an MSNBC town hall called “Everyday Racism in America.”
“First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment,” they said. “I'm fine. I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers coming to their defense.”
Jarrett also said they thought ABC made the right decision in cancelling Roseanne amid widespread outrage over the star's comments, adding that Bob Iger, the chief executive officer of Disney, called them ahead of the announcement to apologize.
“He wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling the show,” they said, adding that Iger told them there would be zero tolerance for those types of comments.
Barr has issued an apology to Jarrett via Twitter.
@ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you. I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
@ValerieJarrett i don't know if u saw it, but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet. I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
“@ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you,” they tweeted Tuesday night. “I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology!”
Hours later, they apologized again.
“@ValerieJarrett I don't know if u saw it, but I wanted 2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet,” they said. “I am truly sorry — my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake [that] caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. So sorry!”
A community vigil will be held Thursday, July 5, for the Cal Poly Pomona public safety specialist who was stabbed and killed last week while in their patrol truck on campus.
The City of Claremont announced on Tuesday, July 3, that senior park ranger Mark Manlapaz will be honored at 5 p.m. at Lewis Park, 1700 Danbury Road.
According to the city's Facebook post, Manlapaz worked as a Claremont park ranger for three years and served for 16 years on the Cal Poly Pomona Campus Security team.
Manlapaz, 37, was attacked around 4:30 p.m. Friday, June 29, as they monitored traffic from their truck at a campus entrance off West Pomona Boulevard, authorities said. They were found by one of their co-workers who drove to the location.
After the stabbing, the suspect drove to a rural area on campus about a half-mile away, near University Road and Temple Avenue, where they were shot and killed 25 minutes later by a Pomona police officer and a university police officer.
Both Manlapaz and the suspect were pronounced dead at the scene, according to the Sheriff's Department.
“Mark was a friendly, helpful, and dedicated figure in the Claremont Wilderness Park and on the campus of Cal Poly Pomona,” the city's statement said. “He will be greatly missed by their family, co-workers and the community.”
GREENE COUNTY, TN (WJHL) – Deputies with the Greene County Sheriff's Department have arrested a man after a hostage situation Sunday night in Fall Branch.
According to officials with the Fall Branch Volunteer Fire Department and Greene County Sheriff Pat Hankins, fire crews were called to the home on Cliff Lane when a smoke alarm went off after a smoke grenade was set off inside the home.
When crews arrived they could see smoke coming from the home. They weren't able to make contact with anyone inside, forcing their way in. Sheriff Hankins says the homeowner was still inside the home with a woman and 4-year-old child. They then pulled a gun on fire crews, demanding they leave.
Police negotiated with the man for over an hour, the woman and child were released unharmed. They are said to have been checked out by medics for smoke inhalation.
“The detectives just got on scene and they're interviewing the female at this time and we'll be interviewing him, he's in custody and will be taken to the Greene County Sheriff's Department,” Sheriff Hankins said.
Guns were found inside the home and Sheriff Hankins tells us the man could face multiple charges.
North Korea backed down Monday from a threat to fire missiles at the U.S. territory of Guam, according to a North Korean state media report cited by the Wall Street Journal.
Dictator Kim Jong-un had decided against the missile attack, according to the report, after making preparations to launch it. They warned that North Korea was still ready to attack Guam if the U.S. continued to make “arrogant provocations” and “unilateral demands.”
advertisement
“If the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and in its vicinity, testing the self-restraint of the DPRK, the [North] will make an important decision as it already declared,” they said.
North Korea's decision to back down is a major victory for the United States, as it was achieved — apparently — with no concessions to the regime, and after a sustained “Twitter war” of words with President Donald Trump.
Trump was roundly criticized by politicians from both parties and by the media for their responses to North Korean intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) launches, and to news that the regime could miniaturize a nuclear warhead. Trump threatened “fire and fury” and declared that U.S. military plans were “locked and loaded.” Their critics, including former Obama administration National Security Adviser Susan Rice, accused them of escalating the situation. Rice even suggested appeasement: “[W]e can, if we must, tolerate nuclear weapons in North Korea.”
However, Trump's method of one-upping Kim-Jong-un's belligerent rhetoric seems to have worked, as Trump cast themselves as even more unpredictable than the infamously impetuous tyrant. They also pressured China diplomatically to squeeze North Korea, which also worked: the Chinese suggested last week that they would not defend North Korea if it attacked the U.S., as long as the anticipated U.S. retaliation did not actually try to end the regime itself.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- It's prom season at high schools across Central Virginia and young women are looking for that perfect dress.
So, in the latest edition of CBS 6 Gives, reporter Laura French donated dresses to the Cinderella Dreams project which helps to deserve young women find the perfect gown for the prom.
“We think that everybody should be a princess on prom, so we at CBS 6 would like to donate this prom dress to Cinderella Dreams,” said French.
The Midlothian Junior Women's Club collects prom dresses, jewelry, shoes, makeup and other prom accessories during the winter.
Then, with the help of community sponsors, like Puritan Cleaners, the group holds a shopping event were girls can get the dress of their dreams for free or for a recommended donation of $5.
French also offered a $100 donation to a group of Amelia County girls toward their dresses. That donation was enough for 20 prom dresses.
“Today, we would like to treat 20 of your girls. We would like to make a donation on top of your donation, so each of your girls are able to go to prom and look beautiful,” said French.
The Cinderella Dreams shop is located in Westchester Commons in Midlothian.
Over the last 14 years of the project, Cinderella Dreams has received more than 3,000 donated dresses.
Watch previous CBS 6 Gives segments online here.
Caitlin McHugh, John Stamos' fiancee, had thousands of dollars worth of jewelry stolen, according to the Beverly Hills Police Department.
Scroll for more content...
The pregnant McHugh reported the burglary from their Beverly Hills Hotel room Friday night, police said.
Detectives say the burglar accessed the unoccupied room by an unknown means and stole about $165,000 worth of jewelry.
The burglary comes before McHugh and Stamos' wedding, which is scheduled for this weekend, TMZ reported.
This case comes on the heels of numerous other celebrity burglaries in the Beverly Hills and San Fernando Valley areas, including star boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr., rap artist Niki Minaj and Dodgers outfielder Yasiel Puig.
Mayor Eric Garcetti said there is no connection between these burglaries, according to a March 2017 Los Angeles Times report. Officials are still unsure if there is any link.
Anyone with information about Friday's burglary is asked to call the Beverly Hills Police Department Detective Bureau at 310-285-2158.
(CNN) — It's a time of new beginnings.
We are leaving 2016 behind and fully embracing the New Year.
What better time to get into the fresh streaming options from Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime and HBO Now.
Should old acquaintance be forgot, remember that you can always stay in and enjoy the best that streaming has to offer.
Here's a list of just some of the movies and shows available to stream in January 2017.
Netflix
“Boogie Nights”
“Caddyshack”
“E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial”
“Ocean's Twelve”
“Real Detective: Season 1”
“Superman: The Movie”
“The Parent Trap”
“The Shining”
“V for Vendetta”
“Vanilla Sky”
Amazon Prime
“American History X”
“The A-Word”
“Swiss Army Men”
“Happy Feet”
“Rent”
“Maid in Manhattan”
“She's All That”
“The Infiltrator”
“The Choice”
“Dirty Grandpa”
Hulu
“Annie Hall”
“Cruel Intentions”
“Curse of the Starving Class”
“Footloose”
“King Kong”
“Leaving Las Vegas”
“Man in the Moon”
“Trading Places”
“The Untouchables”
“War Games”
HBO Now
“Sesame Street: Season 47” (January 7)
“The Young Pope” (January 15)
“Cold Mountain”
“Dallas Buyers Club”
“Forgetting Sarah Marshall”
“Friday”
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Vice President Mike Pence not only defended President Donald Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, while speaking during a visit to the South American country of Colombia, but they reminded the media that there was violence among the Antifa agitators, who went there to disrupt the “Unite the Right” rally.
Pence spoke out during a Sunday joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, Politico reported.
advertisement
“I will say I take issue with the fact that many in the national media spent more time criticizing the president's words than they did criticize those that perpetrated the violence to begin with,” Pence said.
“We should be putting the attention where it belongs,” Pence added, “and that is on those extremist groups that need to be pushed out of the public debate entirely and discredited for the hate groups and dangerous fringe groups that they are.”
The vice president also noted that the Trump administration is not letting white supremacists escape criticism.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms,” Pence said.
“The president also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse,” Pence said, hinting that the Antifa groups are also culpable for the violence.
Indeed, much of the violence that occurred in Charlottesville was started by the left-wing Antifa groups that went to the city to confront the “Unite the Right” rally-goers.
Pence also insisted that the clash in Charlottesville did not reflect “the good and decent people of Charlottesville or of America.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
April 3 GENOVA PROPERTY GROUP AB
* TOGETHER WITH JÄRNGRINDEN AB LEASES ABOUT 2500 SQUARE METERS IN BORÅS
* ASSOCIATED COMPANY OWNED TOGETHER WITH JÄRNGRINDEN SIGNED NEW LEASE OF IN BORÅS WITH HOP N POP INTENDING TO DRIVE TRAMPOLINE PARK IN PARTS OF PROPERTY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The U.S. Coast Guard says a cruise ship crew member who was missing for nearly 24 hours was found out in the ocean north of Cuba with no injuries and in stable condition.
Scroll for more content...
About half an hour after passengers aboard the Norwegian Getaway cruise ship docked in Miami, the U.S. Coast Guard got word that a crewmember who went overboard Saturday afternoon northwest of Cuba had been found alive and well out in the ocean waters by another cruise ship.
"The Carnival Glory had found someone in the water waving their arms and they rescued them and they were the missing Norwegian crewmember and that was roughly about 21 miles north of Cuba," said U.S. Coast Guard spokesperson Jonathan Lally.
The U.S. Coast Guard says it received a report Saturday around 3:20 p.m. that a 33-year-old Filipino crewmember went overboard 28 miles northwest of Cuba.
Passengers aboard the Norwegian Getaway say they watched the search efforts.
"We saw the cruise ship made a u turn and started heading back we noticed that the crewmembers were using binoculars trying to find the crewmember in the ocean," said passenger Eddy Lowinger.
The Coast Guard says one of its cutters and a two aircraft assisted in the search.
Passengers assumed the worst.
"Our condolences to the crew member's family," said Lowinger.
But the U.S. Coast Guard continued its search for the crew member.
"Our crews continued searching throughout the night," said Lally. "The total square mileage that our crew searched was 1,636 sq. mi."
The crewmember would be found 26 miles outside of the U.S. Coast Guard's search area.
"One of the things that the coast guard could never calculate when it comes to in search and rescue is the person's will to live," said Lally.
The U.S. Coast Guard tells us Carnival Glory's next port of call is Cozumel, Mexico and that's where the crew member is expected to unboard.
As far as how the crewmember went overboard, that remains under investigation.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WHITE SWAN, Wash. (AP) — A Washington state man has recovered a stolen American flag that belonged to their son who was killed in Afghanistan.
Two months after pleading for help on social media, Shawn Marceau tells the Yakima Herald-Republic that they went to their son's gravesite Tuesday and found the flag folded in front of the headstone.
Marceau has said the flag is sentimental to them because their son, Marine Lance Cpl. Joe Jackson, had it over their bed before they went out on their last patrol.
Jackson was 22 when they were killed April 24, 2011 by an improvised bomb while conducting combat operations in Helmand province of Afghanistan. The flag was signed by Marines in Jackson's platoon.
The flag and other items were stolen in April when someone broke into Marceau's truck.
TWO teens have been arrested and another remains on the run after a police pursuit in Frankston early this morning.
Road workers were forced to move out of the way of a car speeding through road works about 12.20am, and Peninsula Link staff alerted police.
MELBOURNE'S NEW TERROR ALERT SYSTEM
HERO COP REVEALS HOW TERROR SHOOTING UNFOLDED
Somerville Highway Patrol members spotted the black Subaru with stolen numberplates travelling north and started a pursuit.
The car was later dumped in a car park on Elizabeth St, Bayswater and the three people fled on foot.
Police arrested a 17-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man, both from Mill Park, a short time later.
We explain the procedures involved in a criminal trial in Victoria The West Australian We explain the procedures involved in a criminal trial in Victoria
The man was taken to hospital as a precaution after being bitten by a police dog.
The third person is still on the run.
Both teens are assisting police with their inquiries.
cassandra.zervos@news.com.au
@cassiezervos
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Four people sustained burn injuries after two trucks collided with each other and caught fire at NH 91 in Uttar Pradesh's Etah on Saturday.
One of the trucks was carrying cosmetic products.
It took two hours for a team of firefighters to douse the flames. Till that time, the movement of the vehicles on the highway was halted. (ANI)
PARIS (Reuters) - Nantes manager Claudio Ranieri suffered a second straight defeat on their return to Ligue 1 as the Italian's injury-ravaged team were beaten 1-0 at home by Olympique de Marseille who scored a late goal to snatch the points on Saturday.
Marseille's Argentine Lucas Ocampos, back from loan spells at Genoa and AC Milan, scored the only goal three minutes from time to hand Marseille their second victory of the season.
Ranieri, back in France after coaching Greece and taking unsung Leicester City to a surprise Premier League title in 2016, had very few options as within the space of 20 minutes, the Canaries lost three players to injuries.
Samuel Moutoussamy, Valentin Rongier and Yacine Bammou all had to come off in the first half.
Marseille dominated but Nantes' debutant goalkeeper Ciprian Tatarusanu made a couple of good saves to deny Florian Thauvin and Valere Germain.
The hosts had a good chance on the hour but Marseille keeper Steve Mandanda saved Diego Carlos's attempt with their feet.
In the 87th minute, second-half substitute Ocampos latched onto a cross from Thauvin to give Marseille all three points.
The Provence side are second in the standings on six points, behind Olympique Lyonnais on goal difference, while Nantes are second from bottom after their two defeats.
[India] December 12 (ANI): In the wake of Congress leader's 'neech' (a low life) remark against the Prime Minister, which has triggered a caste row, Yoga guru Ramdev on Monday said God has created everyone equal and there should be no discrimination on the basis of caste.
"We all are children of one God then how can caste and religion come in between? When the God has given equal knowledge and conscience to everyone, then I do not think there should be any discrimination on the basis of caste and religion," the yoga guru told ANI here, while responding to Mani Shankar Aiyar's remark against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
They further said everyone should come together and eliminate the evil of casteism. On December 07, Aiyar, while responding to PM Modi's allegations against Nehru-Gandhi family in connection with "bad treatment" meted out to Bhimrao Ambedkar, said, "This person (Prime Minister Modi) is a 'neech aadmi' (low-minded).  They are not civilised and in a situation like this, there is no need to practise such dirty politics.". On the same day, Prime Minister Modi attacked Congress at an election rally in Gujarat. "They can call me 'neech'- Yes, I am from the poor section of society and will spend every moment of my life to work for the poor, Dalits, tribals and the OBC communities. What all have they called us - donkeys, Neech, Gandi Naali Ke Keede; they can keep their language and we will do our work," further said. Following the remark, Congress suspended Aiyar from primary membership of the party. However, Aiyar clarified that the word 'neech' holds different meanings, adding they would want to apologise for the wrong translation. (ANI)
(Adds context)
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Africa's government has approved an application by state power utility Eskom to buy more renewable power from independent producers (IPP), the public enterprises ministry said on Friday.
The deal ends years of investor uncertainty for projects awaiting financial closure and delaying an estimated 58 billion rand ($4.8 billion) of new investment into the economy.
“I have requested Eskom to work expediently to implement the decision and avoid further delays,” Minister Lynne Brown said in a statement.
In May, South Africa's energy regulator agreed to investigate Eskom's refusal to sign power purchase agreements with independent power producers, the South African Wind Energy Association (SAWEA) said.
At the time SAWEA said Eskom's unwillingness to finalise agreements had delayed 2,942 megawatts in new solar and wind projects.
“We are committed to reducing our carbon footprint,” Brown said on Friday.
Eskom generates most of the electricity in Africa's most advanced economy using coal-fired power stations and is the continent's biggest emitter of harmful greenhouse gases.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
April 3 Tesla Inc's shares jumped to an all-time high on Monday as the electric carmaker's record quarterly vehicle deliveries allayed some concerns over its production challenges, ahead of the hotly-awaited launch of its Model 3 sedan.
Tesla's stock climbed as much as 5.7 percent to $294.15, giving it a market capitalization of $47.92 billion - higher than Ford Motor's $46.27 billion value and just below General Motor's value of $48 billion, at their Monday session highs.
Tesla said on Sunday it delivered a record 25,418 vehicles in the quarter ended March, a 69 percent increase from last year and edging past Goldman Sachs' forecast of 23,500 vehicles.
"This beat shows that they are managing production better and that it bodes well for the Model 3 to be on time as well," said Ivan Feinseth, director of research at Tigress Financial Partners.
Tesla delivered 76,230 vehicles last year, but production challenges kept the result well short of its 80,000- to 90,000-unit target.
That and other setbacks had led investors and suppliers to predict that Model 3 volume production would be delayed until 2018.
But Chief Executive Elon Musk reassured investors in February that the Model 3 was on track for volume production by September this year.
The Model 3, a midsize mass-market sedan, had about 373,000 advance reservations as of April last year, and is expected to go on sale later this year in the United States.
Tesla's shares were up 5.2 percent at $292.77 in afternoon trading. Ford's shares were off 2.6 percent, while GM's stock was down over 4 percent following their monthly sales reports.
"(Tesla has) had a pattern of missing their targets and the fact that they were able to meet the delivery target this quarter should be warmly received by investors," said CFRA analyst Efraim Levy.
"It's good news for Tesla, clearly."
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Join us this Bank Holiday Monday live from an exciting afternoon of hurling. Marc Roberts, John Mulligan and Sean Walsh broadcast live from 12 through to 6pm for the Kilbeacanty Hurling Sevens in association with Rationel Windows, Ballybrit
Kilbeacanty is the place to be over the June Bank Holiday weekend with the annual 7's Hurling Tournament taking place on Bank Holiday Sunday and Monday. This year sees the second year in the campogie 7's tournament with the Quarter, Semi-finals, and Shield final being played on the Sunday from 5pm and the final played before the hurling 7's final on the Monday. The Joe Gillane Juvenile semi-finals kick-start the weekend on Friday at Kilbeacanty from 6pm.
The games for the camogie and hurling 7s run as follows: Camogie 7s Sunday 3rd June 5:30pm Sarsfields V Kinvara QF1 5:50pm New Market V Ardrahan QF2 6:10pm Inagh Kilnamona Vs Kilanana QF3 Semi Finals 6:30pm QF1 vs QF2 6:50pm QF3 vs St Thomas 7:30pm Shield Final Hurling Bank Holiday Monday Juvenile Finals ( Teams Michael Cusacks Ardrahan Craughwell Tommy Larkins) 12:30pm Joe Gillane Shield Final 1:30pm Joe Gillane Hurling Final 7s Hurling Tournament 2:45pm Kilbeacanty vs Tubber PQ1 Q Finals 3pm Beagh vs Tommy Larkins QF1 3:20 Loughrea vs Liam Mellows QF2 3:50pm Gort vs Ardrahan QF3 4:10pm St Thomas vs PQ1 QF4 Semi Finals 4:30pm QF1 vs QF2 4:50pm QF3 vs QF4 Camogie 7s Final 5:15 Hurling 7s Final 6:15pm Closing Celebration with Live Music by Mikey Burke and Fishing for Likes in McCarthy's straight after 7s final from 8pm
It promises to be cracking weekend and a full schedule of events can be found below or on Kilbeacanty HC Facebook and Twitter pages.
WELLINGTON, Fla. — For the first time in 28 years, images tied to the Wellington killer clown, cold-case murder investigation have been made public, WPTV reported.
The photos depict a slice of life just before 40-year-old Marlene Warren was shot in the face by a person dressed in a clown costume back in 1990. They also show life after the murder: crime scene photos, funeral pictures, seized evidence and aerial shots of the home on Take Off Place in Wellington where Warren was gunned down.
The images were made public through a records request to the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office. They are now releasable since detectives arrested a woman for the crime last September.
Sheila Keen-Warren was arrested in Washington County, Va. and charged with first degree murder in Marlene Warren's death. Detectives believe they dressed up in a full-face clown costume and delivered flowers and balloons before shooting Marlene in the face.
Investigators suspected Keen-Warren after rumors surfaced that they were having an affair with Marlene's husband, Michael Warren. Them photo is even depicted in a line-up of women, given to potential witnesses to see if they could identify the possible killer.
Sheila Keen-Warren (then Sheila Keen) and Michael Warren denied the rumors, but 12 year later, the two married in Las Vegas, and moved to Abingdon, Va.
Nearly three decades later, armed with newly tested evidence and advances in forensic science, detectives finally felt they had enough to make an arrest.
While evidence in the cold case has slowly been made public since Keen-Warren's arrest, investigators confirm the case is still open and more arrests could be coming.
Galway Bay fm newsroom: Galway City Council will begin the next phase of work on improving traffic congestion at the Parkmore and IDA business parks tomorrow.
The new phase of works will include the extension of the right turning lane at Briarhill Junction on the approach from the Coolagh Roundabout.
The works will provide additional capacity at the junction in order to deal with inbound morning traffic.
The improvements will be completed during off peak times of the day and will not cause significant delays to motorists.
Jennifer Aniston says not much has changed since they spoke out in a powerful op-ed letter last year against shamers who criticized them for not having children.
“I don't think it's getting much better. I think the problem is the tabloids and the gossip columns taking the human body and putting it in a category,” Aniston recently told Vogue. “They're either fat-shaming, or body-shaming, or childless-shaming.”
Last year, the actor, 48, lamented the perils of being shamed for everything from their relationship status to their nipples, writing, “I have worked too hard in this life and this career to be whittled down to a sad, childless human.”
However, Aniston has long been living life on their own terms — in the face of societal pressure.
Why Jennifer Aniston Will Be Back on TV 13 Years After Friends — and the Key Role Reese Witherspoon Will Play
“It's a weird obsession that people have and I don't understand exactly why they need to take people who are out there to entertain you, and rip them apart and bully them?” they told Vogue.
“I couldn't hear this narrative any more about being pregnant or not pregnant; you have no idea what is going on personally in our lives and why that is or is not happening and it feels … In my own brain, I've shifted my perspective, so who gives a s—?!”
Aniston married Justin Theroux in August 2015 and the lovebirds have been enjoying life together, from romantic vacations to stylish date nights.
As for their body shamers, Aniston said it is “hard” to deal with the criticism, but she's up for the challenge.
“If you're going to walk out and have your nipples showing, or your belly is a little bloated, or you're not at the weight you want to be — you are perfect no matter what you are and no matter where you are and who cares!”
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – The full state Senate is poised to vote on a bill that would allow Tennessee drivers to choose license plates with the phrase “In God We Trust” on them.
The Senate Transportation Committee voted 9-0 in favor of sending the bill to a floor vote on Monday after Republican Sen. Paul Bailey of Sparta rescinded a provision that would have made the phrase mandatory for all tags.
State Attorney General Herbert Slatery had opined that requiring “In God We Trust” on all plates would likely violate free speech protections and the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution.
The companion bill is scheduled to be heard in the House Transportation Committee on Tuesday.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
After 18 months of work, the first permanent Fab Lab in Mississippi is now open for business.
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
A terminally ill five-year-old who has "touched the heart of the nation" will lead out a team of celebrities for a charity football match in memory of a Leeds United fan.
Bradley Lowery is set to be the mascot for the game in Ossett, Wakefield, organised by Darren Powell in memory of their friend Michael Kew, who died aged 40 after a battle with cancer in 2015.
A host of stars will appear at the match in May including actors from Emmerdale, Hollyoaks and former X-Factor signers and half of the money raised will go towards care for Bradley, who has terminal cancer neuroblastoma.
The brave youngster, from County Durham, has been a Premier League mascot at several games for their favourite club Sunderland this season and fans across the world have been taken by their story.
Mr Powell, 31, who will also donate money to Macmillan Cancer Support which cared for their friend Michael, said: "I put some pictures up on Facebook saying how lovely it would be if we could get Bradley involved as a mascot.
"Within 15 minutes their mum was on the phone to me.
"Bradley has touched the heart of the nation with their story and they have certainly pulled at my family's heart strings.
"When you see them you just want to fill up. The match is for two great causes now."
Confirmed stars to feature in the game after being contacted by 31-year-old Mr Powell include ex-Leeds footballer Noel Whelan, Emmerdale's Adam Thomas, Anthony Quinlan and James Hooton and Hollyoaks actor Danny Mac.
They will form a TV Stars XI to take on Mr Powell's Michael Kew XI, led out by Bradley.
Their mum Gemma told the YEP: "We are overwhelmed by the amazing support from Darren and everyone involved in the football match, people really have gone above and beyond for Bradley, and for that we are eternally grateful"
Other celebrities who will play are boxer Andy Townend, ex-Manchester City star Lee Crooks and former X-Factor contestants Jake Quickenden, Jack Walton and Ellis Lacy.
The game, to be held at Ossett Town AFC's football ground in Ossett, Wakefield, will be managed by Football League referee Mark Heywood.
Dad-of-one Mr Powell, from Kettlethorpe, Wakefield, said the club has arranged a special Ossett Town kit for Bradley to lead the team out in.
It will be the second fixture organised by Mr Powell in memory of their friend Michael Kew, after a similarly star-studded match at Barnsley's Oakwell Stadium last year.
Michael was a staunch Leeds United supporter, and the pair attended a number of games together to watch the Elland Road club across the country.
The latest match in Osett takes place on May 14, from 1.15pm and tickets cost £5 for adults and £2 for children.
A promotional film, created by Ant & Gem Loose Lips, has been created ahead of the match featuring Mr Powell.
CONWY Borough advanced to the Lock Stock Storage Cookson Cup third round with a 2-1 win over St Asaph City.
The home side began the game on the front foot and they took the lead on 11 minutes Jack Hoult found the net following a prolonged period of pressure.
This provoked a strong response from the visitors, who levelled matters soon after when the prolific Jake Walker converted from the spot.
Gareth Thomas' side managed to get themselves in-front for a second time on 20 minutes, and inevitably it was hotshot Corrig McGonigle who continued their relentless run of form with a well-taken finish to book their place in the hat.
Also through to the next stage are Llandudno Albion, who continued their cup heroics with a 6-2 home success over Pwllheli.
A hat-trick from the impressive Callum Davies did the majority of the damage, with a Dave Maddocks brace and a solitary Joel Lloyd penalty completing the rout.
There was no such luck for Llanrwst United, who bowed out of the competition following a late 2-1 reverse at Barmouth and Dyffryn United thanks to a Shane Jones strike on 82 minutes.
Division Two leaders Glan Conwy took advantage of a series of postponements to extend their lead at the summit with a 2-0 home triumph over Llannerchymedd.
Matthew Sykes got the home side off to a flyer with the opener after just one minute of play, and Matthew Williams wrapped up the points on 85 to move them seven points clear of Prestatyn Sports, who have a mammoth six games in hand on their title rivals.
It was an afternoon to forget for Penmaenmawr Phoenix, who had nothing but a Haydn Griffiths consolation to show from their 6-1 drubbing at Amlwch Town.
Pigalo Bridge has been a burden to Isabela residents since it was destroyed by two successive typhoons in 2011
Published 10:30 AM, June 14, 2017
ISABELA, PHILIPPINES – Six years after Pigalo Bridge was destroyed by two successive typhoons, the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) finally announced on Wednesday, June 14, that the reconstruction of the bridge is underway.
DPWH Cagayan Valley Regional Director Melanio Briosos said on Wednesday that the P482.7-million Pigalo bridge project in Angadanan town has begun.
Briosos said the reconstruction project took so long to start because the DPWH had to process the conversion of roads classified as provincial roads to national roads.
The project is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2019, the DPWH said in a statement.
The bridge has been both a burden and threat to residents since it was destroyed by Typhoons Pedring and Quiel, which slammed Isabela in September and October, respectively, in 2011.
Although the 450-meter bridge could still be accessed by small vehicles such as single motorcycles and bicycles, authorities said crossing the bridge is “highly-risky.”
Residents in the area have been using small boats to transport people and goods across the bridge. During the rainy season, these boats are prohibited to ply the river.
Briosos said the reconstruction of the bridge will restore normalcy in the life of residents, and is expected to boost the economy of Angadanan and nearby towns by easing the transport of goods and services.
They added that local farmers in the area will no longer be burdened in transporting their agricultural products to the commercial centers.
Public Works Secretary Mark Villar said in a statement on Friday that the DPWH will build approaches along the Alicia-Angadanan-San Guilermo Provincial Road in Angadanan to complement the project. – Rappler.com
Families of teenagers killed while fleeing police say it's all too easy for young people to be led astray - and some feel they've got nothing left to lose.
Meadow James, 12, and a 15-year-old male driver both died when the stolen car they were in crashed on Monday while fleeing police in Palmerston North.
Just over a week earlier, Bailey Patmore, 15, was killed when the stolen vehicle they were in the boot of crashed just south of the Tawa interchange on State Highway 1 while being pursued by police.
Their mother, Kelly, told Checkpoint today their son had learning difficulties and health problems.
"He came from a loving home, you know. He's got a huge family and they were loved more than anything - and they always will be," they said.
"It was just unfortunate that they got in with the wrong crowd. They were easily led astray."
Six months ago, they had parted ways with that group.
"It was just unfortunate that that afternoon, for some reason, they left the house and never came back."
Morrocco Tai, 15, died in similar circumstances last October.
Their stepsister Breezy said they "just got mixed up with the wrong crowd".
"I think maybe they would have been persuaded by their mates to be out there and be noticed.
"His friends don't care if they go to, like, juvie or whatever. Those are the people who don't care. They've got nothing to lose."
Breezy had gotten themselves out of a similar crowd when they were younger - they decided against getting into a stolen car with friends.
"One of the girls crashed and they were left in critical [condition]. There were three of them in the car. I was meant to be the fourth but I didn't get in."
Checkpoint also spoke to Josh, who got into a life of crime when they were only 12. Now 17, they are a father.
"Stealing cars, doing everything. Robbing shops, you name I've done it. Crashing cars through walls," they said.
"I was just troubled, eh."
The people they were involved with did not consider the consequences.
"You're pretty much not in that mind-state. You're not thinking about dying; you're just thinking about cracking it and coming home."
UNITED NATIONS, April 12 Russia again cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council to shield Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, blocking a Western bid on Wednesday to condemn a deadly gas attack in Syria and push the Syrian government to cooperate with investigators.
China, which has vetoed six resolutions on Syria since the civil war began six years ago, abstained from Wednesday's vote, along with Ethiopia and Kazakhstan. Ten countries voted in favor of the text, while Bolivia joined Russia in voting no. (Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Alistair Bell)
New homeless figures show there was a slight drop in the number of people in emergency accommodation in April.
The Department of Housing says there were 9,652 people (5,963 adults and 3,689 children) living in emergency accommodation last month - a drop of 29 people compared to March.
Image: Department of Housing
However, a further 300 people in Meath and Dublin have been removed from the numbers after what has been described as a 'categorisation issue' - with the families involved said to be in homes rather than emergency accommodation.
A similar correction was made last month.
The Housing Minister has acknowledged moving people out of emergency accommodation "remains a significant challenge."
Speaking about the latest figures, Eoghan Murphy said: "I have said before that monthly reporting makes it difficult to identify any developing trends at an early stage, but from these figures it would seem that the presentation of new families in to emergency accommodation is stabilizing.
"That said, while the number of families in emergency accommodation is down this month, a small number of families with a large number of children did present, meaning that the number of dependents has risen by 43.”
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Samsung partners on Cinema LED theatre
Samsung has partnered with the world's largest theatre operator Wanda Cinemas to bring its pioneering Cinema LED Screen technology to Wanda's Wujiaochang theatre, located in Shanghai's Yangpu District.
The theatre marks the first implementation of Samsung's Cinema LED Screen in China and follows successful implementations in Asia last year in Seoul and Busan, Korea and Bangkok, Thailand and also in Europe, at the Arena Cinemas Sihlcity in Zurich, Switzerland.
“Since its introduction mid-last year, Samsung's Cinema LED Screen has captivated the cinema industry with its potential revolutionise the theatre and filmgoing experience. Through sharper colours, true-to-life audio and an ultra-wide viewing environment, our Cinema LED Screen makes viewers feel as if they are part of the picture,” says Seog-gi Kim, executive vice-president: visual display business at Samsung Electronics.
“Through Cinema LED, we are confident that consumers in China will embrace the opportunity to engage with their favourite films like never before and are thrilled to partner with Wanda Cinemas to bring this advanced technology to this growing market.”
The new partnership expands Samsung's relationship with the world's leading cinema chain. A Fortune 500 company, Wanda Cinema Line operates nearly 14 347 screens at more than 1 352 theatres around the world and also owns recognisable global cinema brands including AMC, Carmike, Odeon and Hoyts Group.
Even as Cinema LED at Shanghai's Wujiaochang theatre launches, Samsung and Wanda Cinemas are already finalising a second cinema conversion in Beijing, with plans to open the venue to the public in the first half of this year.
As the world's first Digital Cinema Initiatives (DCI)-compliant High Dynamic Range (HDR) LED theatre display, Samsung's Cinema LED Screen delivers excellent visual quality, technical performance and reliability that surpass that of legacy projector-based operations.
Stretching nearly 10,3m wide, the Cinema LED Screen fits comfortably in usual theatre configurations, maintaining the same stunning picture quality at even the widest viewing angles. The display also transforms content with ultra-sharp 4K resolution (4 096 x 2 160) and peak brightness levels nearly 10 times greater than the typical cinema standard. As a result, viewers can experience more immersive content supported by bright colours, pristine whites and deep blacks.
To go with the stunning picture technology, Samsung paired its Cinema LED Screen with state-of-the-art audio technologies from JBL by HARMAN. This integration includes powerful speakers bordering the screen and an expanded audio “sweet spot” throughout the theatre's seating area, producing a true multi-sensory experience the way the content creators intended.
“As the world's leading cinema company, our customers expect a differentiated and memorable theatre experience both worthy of their investment and reflective of the Wanda Cinemas brand,” says Qi Wang, vice-president of Wanda Film Holding. “We are honoured to work with Samsung to set the new luxury theatre standard and look forward to making the Shanghai Cinema LED theatre a must-see destination for both movie enthusiasts and casual consumers alike.”
With the demands for theatre space evolving across the industry, Samsung's Cinema LED Screen will enable Wanda Cinemas to expand the service offerings inside its improved Shanghai theatre. The display's consistent presentation, even against dark or ambient lighting conditions, accommodates non-movie content including gaming competitions, corporate events, presentations and sports and concert simulcasting, among others.
In their first TV interview since the Sept. 8 death of their only child, former Fox News host Eric Bolling has recalled the final moments with their son, revealing that they saw no signs of opioid use on their watch.
Six weeks after son Eric Chase's passing, the Boulder County Coroner in Colorado ruled the 19-year-old's death an accidental overdose. The post-mortem toxicology report, completed on Sept. 11 and obtained by PEOPLE, revealed Eric Chase had cocaine, marijuana, alprazolam (commonly known as Xanax), and the opioid drugs, fentanyl and cyclopropyl fentanyl, in their system.
“I didn't see any signs. I knew they were going to the University of Colorado, marijuana is legal in Colorado, not at their age but it's still legal and very accessible,” Bolling, 54, told Law & Crime Network's Totally B.S. host Bill Stanton on Friday, sharing that they were last in Colorado with their son, who was studying economics, in June for Father's Day.
“When they were in high school, they drank and sometimes you'd smell some weed in the basement,” the grieving father recalled. “We had a thousand talks about the dangers of hard drugs. A thousand talks. And he'd always say, ‘Dad, I got this. Dad, I got this.' ”
Eric Bolling Law & Crime Network
Adding, “The last week or so, maybe the last two weeks, their behavior changed pretty dramatically. They were in Colorado, they stayed for the summer, they were supposed to be going to summer school. They dropped out, didn't tell me. And it was over the span of two weeks, they hooked up with some, you know – the wrong people, who were pushing the wrong stuff on them and it changed their lives very quickly.”
RELATED: Eric Bolling's Son ‘Panicked' After Buying Drugs Before Their Death, Friends Say
Fentanyl, the same drug that also killed music icons Prince and Tom Petty, is classified as a Schedule II drug by the federal government and its medical uses are typically pain management following surgery or for chronic pain. Cyclopropyl fentanyl is a synthetic opioid that is chemically similar to fentanyl but is not intended for human or animal use. Fentanyl is 50 times stronger than heroin, up to 100 times stronger than morphine.
“There was no indication. [Eric Chase] had a phenomenal first-year student year at Colorado. Their grades were fantastic. They came home, they hung out with their old friends, there was nothing that would have said he's going down the wrong path,” Bolling said.
Eric and Eric Chase Bolling Facebook
“I don't even know. I mean the coroner said it was an opioid, fentanyl overdose that Xanax was laced with it. I don't know if it was the first time, I don't know if it was the 10th time. I have no way of knowing. He's gone. Their friends don't obviously want to talk because they just don't want to be involved in any of this,” the former anchor stated.
RELATED: Eric Bolling Vows to Fight Opioid Crisis on 100-Day Anniversary of Late Son's Overdose
Since 2000, the number of deaths from opioids — which includes painkillers and heroin — in the U.S. has risen more than 137 percent, according to TIME.
“[Eric Chase] bought Xanax from someone. It was a street Xanax. Turns out it was laced with Fentanyl. What maybe people don't realize is that Fentanyl is a drug that they use for last-stage cancer victims typically when the pain is so overwhelming,” stressed Bolling who recently met with President Donald Trump at the White House to discuss the opioid epidemic in the country.
“What happened was, apparently what goes on, and I'm learning this on the fly, this is five months now. Dealers will purposefully lace, distribute some drugs with Fentanyl because it's such a massive, strong dose that people say, ‘Hey, that guy's got good Xanax or that guy's got good heroin,' ” Bolling said.
“People will die and that doesn't even scare off people buying from those dealers. People actually flocked to the dealers who had an opioid death because their stuff is so strong,” they said.
RELATED: Eric Bolling's Son Was Proud of Their Dad's Job at Fox News
The sad news of Eric Chase's death came hours after news broke that Bolling, who anchored Fox News' Cashin' In. and also co-hosted Fox News Specialists and The Five, had been removed from their job at Fox News following allegations that they harassed colleagues.
The full episode of Bollings' interview airs Friday onLaw & Crime Network's website.
MELBOURNE, March 31 London copper slipped on Friday but was set to finish a second quarter higher lifted by kinks in mine supply, while a ramp-up in factory activity and fresh investor buys are expected to drive prices higher in the second quarter.
FUNDAMENTALS
* London Metal Exchange copper fell by 1 percent to $5897.50 a tonne, as of 0200 GMT, as immediate supply threats eased. But prices were on track for a 6.5-percent gain for the first quarter following a 14-percent rise in the fourth quarter of last year.
* Shanghai Futures Exchange copper edged up by 0.3 percent to 47640 yuan ($6,905) a tonne.
* Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has gained momentum early this year, an official survey showed on Friday.
* U.S. President Donald Trump set the tone for a tense first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
* South Korea's industrial output plunged at the fastest pace in more than eight years, government data showed on Friday, erasing gains seen in the previous month and dragged down by semiconductor production.
* Workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde, will resume work on Friday after voting to end a nearly three-week strike that had halved output, the union said on Thursday.
* Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that would allow the world's biggest publicly listed copper producer to temporarily resume concentrate exports, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday.
* The failure of BHP Billiton and workers at its Escondida mine to agree on a wage deal after a long and bitter strike has stoked some concerns over the possible fate of other key contract talks at copper mines in Chile over the next year.
* LME nickel was on track to fall more than 8 percent for the month, snuffing out year to date gains, and the biggest loss since 11 pct drops in December, on prospects of rising Indonesian supply.
* Indonesia's state-owned miner Aneka Tambang (Antam) has been granted an initial approval to export up to 2.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the next 12 months, a mining ministry official said on Wednesday.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
MARKETS NEWS
* The dollar extended its overnight gains in early Asian trade on Friday on signs of strong U.S. economic growth, while the euro inched up after sliding overnight on data suggesting slowing growth in Europe.
DATA/EVENTS
0600 Germany Retail sales Feb
0645 France Consumer spending Feb
0645 France Producer prices Feb
0800 Germany Unemployment rate Mar
0830 Britain GDP Q4
0900 Euro zone Inflation flash Mar
1230 U.S. Personal income Feb
1345 U.S. Chicago PMI Mar
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ($1 = 6.8995 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Check out our most recent performances in the playlist above, or click here to dig into interviews and related material!
(Repeats story that ran late Tuesday; no change in text.)
By Sujata Rao
MOSCOW, April 4 Franklin Templeton's high-profile bond fund manager Michael Hasenstab has taken a "substantial" position in Ghana's cedi-denominated government bonds via this week's jumbo debt auction, a source with knowledge of the matter told Reuters on Tuesday.
The investment by Hasenstab, whose flagship $41 billion Templeton Global Bond fund seeks to pick up out-of-favour credits and made successful contrarian punts on Ireland and Hungary in recent years, is a boon for Ghana as the new government tries to stabilise the economy and review terms of an International Monetary Fund loan.
Ghana's Monday sale of $2.2 billion worth of bonds was the single-biggest daily transaction in sub-Saharan Africa. It included a debut 15-year bond that raised 3.42 billion cedis ($790 million) at a 19.75 percent yield.
The Finance Ministry statement had reported "a very substantial investment in the 15-year bond by a very well respected global financial investor".
The ministry could not immediately be reached for comment. But a senior government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Franklin Templeton had participated in the sale.
The first source declined to say why Hasenstab had made the investment. But the move is in keeping with the fund manager's strategy of buying unloved assets and betting on eventual turnaround and full payout over the maturity of the debt.
Hasenstab, who oversees portfolios worth over $120 billion in total from their office in San Mateo, California, was not available for comment. It is not clear which of Hasenstab's funds was behind this week's Ghana investment.
They have held Ghanaian debt before, however, in 2013 purchasing 10-year dollar bonds for their emerging markets fund.
In recent months, Hasenstab moved to their biggest position in Latin American, buying up Mexican bonds which had been battered by U.S. President Donald Trump's trade and immigration threats .
Their Global Bond Fund ranks No. 1 in terms of performance over a 10-year period in its category, according to fund research house Morningstar. (Additional reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg in Accra; Editing by Alison Williams)
Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' Mobile Communications Business, speaks during a media event for its S8 Galaxy smartphone at a company's building in Seoul, South Korea, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' Mobile Communications Business, speaks during a media event for its S8 Galaxy smartphone in Seoul, South Korea, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' Mobile Communications Business, bows during a media event for its S8 Galaxy smartphone at a company's building in Seoul, South Korea, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL Pre-orders for Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's (005930.KS) flagship Galaxy S8 smartphone have exceeded those of its predecessor S7, the firm's mobile chief said on Thursday, suggesting many consumers are unfazed by last year's Galaxy Note 7 fires.
Strong initial demand for the S8 will be encouraging for a firm recovering from one of the worst product safety failures in tech history, which ended in the Note 7's swift withdrawal.
The new smartphone has received favourable reviews ahead of the start of sales in South Korea, the United States and Canada on April 21. Some investors and analysts have even predicted a first-year sales record for the South Korean company.
"It's still a bit early, but initial response to the pre-orders that have begun at various places across the world have been better than expected," mobile chief Koh Dong-jin said at an S8 media briefing.
They said the S8 will be the safest Galaxy smartphone to date due to measures implemented to avoid the battery failures that caused some Note 7s to spontaneously combust.
Analysts said strong S8 sales are likely to help Samsung to its best-ever quarterly profit in April-June, along with a booming memory chip market that is widely expected to deliver record revenue this year for the industry as a whole.
BRAND RECOVERY
Samsung has been working to restore investor trust as well as its reputation since the Note 7's withdrawal in October within two months of being on the market, losing out on $5.4 billion (£4.30 billion) in profit.
Senior executives told foreign media on the sidelines of the briefing that it will take time for Samsung's brand image to recover. They also said Samsung has seen a rebound in consumer sentiment towards the firm since announcing the results of a probe into the fires and preventative measures on Jan. 23.
"It took Toyota about four years for its brand to get back to where it was, and I think ours can do it faster," said Lee Young-hee, an executive vice president at Samsung's mobile business, referring to a series of Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) vehicle recalls from 2009 to 2011.
S8 advertising focuses on features such as almost bezel-less screens rather than highlighting safety. Executives said this was deliberate in the belief that Samsung has done enough to convince consumers the Note 7's problems will not be repeated.
"We felt really comfortable that we had attained a level of confidence with consumers so that we could actually shift to the product campaign," said Pio Schunker, global head of integrated marketing for Samsung's mobile business.
"Ultimately I think it is this product that proves this case."
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Christopher Cushing)
RICHMOND, Va. – Toni Moracco wanted a place for their 3-month-old puppy, Hooch to play at.
“Finally they can go out and explore with other dogs,” they said.
Moracco checked out the Church Hill Dog Park in Richmond for the first time Tuesday.
“I just like that it's fenced in, it helps where dogs can be free,” said Moracco.
They said they enjoyed the space, but quickly became disappointed because of a stench in the air.
“The closer you got, the worse it got,” said Moracco. “I was like oh God what is that smell. It was terrible.”
Moracco said the smell came from the overflow of dog waste and trash.
“It wasn't too welcoming,” they said. “It's not something you want to have your kids around. I had my two kids with me yesterday. They didn't like it.”
They reached out to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers for help fixing the problem.
“The smell of dog poop already doesn't smell good alone, with the heat it just makes it worse,” Moracco added.
CBS 6 reached out to Richmond's Department of Parks and Recreation.
A spokesperson told us the trash had been emptied last week after someone notified them about the issue.
Parks and Recreation said the department already made contact with maintenance staff again, and plan to have it emptied no later than Thursday.
Moracco said they are hopeful that the city will addresses the issue soon because some people have already started going to other spots to walk their dogs.
CBS 6 News is working for you. Click here to email a tip to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers. Be sure to leave us your name, phone number and detailed description of the problem. You can also leave a message by calling 804-254-3672.
Engine maker Cummins Inc (CMI.N) on Tuesday raised its 2017 forecasts for revenue and earnings before interest and tax, on stronger-than-expected demand from the construction industry in China.
Shares of Cummins, which makes diesel and natural gas engines for heavy-duty trucks as well as industrial engines for construction and mining industries, rose as much as 8 percent to hit a record high of $163.36 in morning trading.
The Columbus, Indiana-based company is benefiting from increased spending in the construction industry in China - a market that accounted for about 8 percent of its annual sales in 2016.
The company's revenues in China jumped 49 percent to $1.1 billion in the first-quarter ended April 2, partly as number of engines used in the construction industry rose more than 300 percent due to a ramp in production of excavators, Cummins said.
"We were even surprised by the size of the growth in the truck market (in China)...as we were with the excavators. So we have some work to do to understand how well that's going to hold up," Cummins Chief Executive Tom Linebarger said on a conference call with analysts.
The Chinese economy grew at 6.9 percent in the first quarter, recording its fastest growth in six quarters, helped by higher government infrastructure spending.
Total revenue in Cummins' engine business, its biggest, rose 2.4 percent to $2.02 billion, as unit sales, after falling in the previous six quarters, increased 4.2 percent to 142,600.
Cummins said it now expects 2017 revenues to be up 4 to 7 percent, compared with flat to down 5 percent previously, and earnings before interest and tax to be in the range of 11.75-12.5 percent of sales, up from 11.0-11.5 percent.
Analysts on average were expecting 2017 revenue to be down 1.2 percent, and earnings before interest and tax of 11.3 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Net income attributable to the company rose 26.2 percent to $2.36 per share, in the quarter, beating analysts' estimates of $1.81 per share.
Net sales rose about 7 percent to $4.59 billion. Analysts on average had expected first-quarter revenue of $4.15 billion.
Cummins, which gets about 46 percent of its revenue from outside the United States, said its international sales jumped 17 percent in the quarter, led by growth in China and Europe.
The company's revenues in North America, its biggest market, rose 1 percent.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
Frederic Mazzella, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of French ride-sharing start-up BlaBlaCar, poses at the company's headquarters in Paris, France, September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
BERLIN/PARIS BlaBlaCar, whose amateur chauffeurs share costs with passengers on long-distance journeys, will offer them cheaper car leases through French bank Société Générale (SOGN.PA) in the latest threat to traditional transport models.
The Paris-based start-up will first offer the new packages for Opel (GM.N) models through the bank's leasing business to more active BlaBlaCar drivers in France, before deploying the programme more widely, Chief Executive Nicolas Brusson said.
BlaBlaCar, whose phone app has some 40 million users in 22 countries, is among the so-called mobility services whose growth is disrupting carmakers and transport companies alike.
Besides ride-sharing, they include mainly local ride-hailing services such as Uber [UBER.UL] and car-sharing firms such as Avis-owned (CAR.O) ZipCar, which offer access to self-drive vehicle fleets for as little as an hour at a time.
"The goal is to expand that geographically," Brusson said. "We can pioneer a new approach to car ownership based on usage."
In response to the threat, vehicle manufacturers and transport operators have struck deals with providers of mobility services over the past decade or developed their own.
Daimler (DAIGn.DE) launched car-sharing through its Car2Go subsidiary in 2008. Among many more recent deals, Opel parent General Motors invested $500 million (400.6 million pounds) in ride-hailing firm Lyft and PSA Group (PEUP.PA) has backed several startups. Even France's state-owned SNCF railway has partnered with Zipcar.
DISRUPTIVE THREAT
BlaBlaCar allows car owners to cover their expenses but not make a profit - which shields it from regulatory costs and tax, further improving its appeal to passengers.
Thanks to its potential scale, the Société Générale ALD Automotive partnership adds the competitive clout of corporate leasing to BlaBlaCar's already frugal peer-to-peer model. The start-up's 9 million drivers buy an estimated 1.3 million new cars each year.
Monthly rates would start as low as 164 euros including maintenance for the entry-level Opel Corsa mini, providing drivers complete at least one ride-sharing trip per month.
A four-year consumer leasing deal with a purchase option on a comparable Corsa would be about 227 euros per month, based on a quotation from Aramisauto, the online car retailer and price comparison service.
With clients typically paying 20 euros per journey, a driver could cover the entire vehicle leasing cost with just one round-trip per fortnight carrying two passengers.
"Ride-sharing is already an attractive option. Will it replace the ownership model? For most people no - but for some people, absolutely," Arndt Ellinghorst, a London-based analyst with Evercore ISI, said.
On larger models, the leasing plans will include on-board wireless internet for up to seven devices, a feature more often associated with higher-end ground transport services.
For ALD, Europe's biggest corporate leasing firm, the BlaBlaCar deal is a step into consumer car financing. The companies are also offering their ride-sharing plans on a handful of models from Toyota (7203.T), Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) and PSA's Peugeot.
(Additional reporting Edward Taylor in Frankfurt; Editing by Jane Merriman and Alexander Smith)
WASHINGTON (Reuters Breakingviews) - It's somehow fitting that an idea with growing bipartisan support in Washington probably isn't going anywhere. Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president advising Donald Trump on economic matters, now finds themselves on the same team as Wall Street scourge Elizabeth Warren on the subject of breaking up banks. Congress, however, is otherwise occupied.
Cohn surprised a roomful of senators on Wednesday by joining a mixed bag of supporters in favor of radically redesigning the financial industry. It's a group that now includes everyone from progressive Senator Bernie Sanders to Sandy Weill, the former Citigroup chief executive who was instrumental in dismantling the Glass-Steagall law that kept commercial and investment banking operations separated in the first place.
Trump themselves has backed the idea of bringing back the 1933 law in some form. The White House said Cohn was merely echoing their boss's views and a fellow Goldman alum, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, has said the same. It's also true their former employer probably wouldn't suffer much if the business of taking deposits and making loans was isolated from selling bonds and underwriting stocks, although the question remains of whether Goldman would lose any of its access to funds from the Federal Reserve. In any case, the administration has done little to turn the idea into a concrete proposal, though Warren noted their support when they reintroduced their bank breakup bill on Thursday.
Instead, the priority has been to roll back the post-crisis Dodd-Frank reforms, the subject of an executive order signed by the president shortly after they moved into the Oval Office. Jeb Hensarling, chairperson of the powerful House Financial Services Committee, also is pushing a proposal to achieve that goal. Those efforts are in turn taking a back seat to ones on healthcare, taxes and infrastructure. They're all proving to be exceedingly difficult to navigate, especially given the lack of clear direction from the White House.
What's more, Warren's Democratic Party is in the minority. And the Massachusetts senator, in particular, has been a target of criticism from Trump and Republican lawmakers. It's hard to imagine them working to advance one of their signature policy initiatives. That means even the Cohn-Warren odd couple will struggle to bring back Glass-Steagall.
ENVIRONMENT: A fast-paced software solutions company seeks a highly skilled Automation Tester to join its team. Your core role will also involve establishing an automation testing centre & assisting with the development of automation manuals and guidelines. The ideal candidate requires Grade 12/Matric, ideally, a Diploma/Certificate in Information Systems/Computer Science or other relevant disciplines from an accredited institution, 5+ years' experience in Software Test Automation & hands-on experience developing automated test cases and test plans & creating automation frameworks, specifically Cucumber/Ruby and Appium on iOS platform. DUTIES: Testing Accountable for automated testing in support of all development and change initiatives.
Establish and govern an automated testing capability.
Accountable for defect risk analysis and reporting such to project manager and program manager.
Develop, enhance and maintain defect management procedure and tools.
Facilitate and manage automated testing initiatives to reduce testing cycle on repeatable tasks.
Accountable for extracting requirements from analysis document and ensuring test coverage.
Execute test cases on solution and its related sub-systems.
Escalate perceived risks to quality and include suggested action plans to manage risks and issues.
Establish an automation testing centre of expertise.
Provide testing competency to the solution delivery supply chain.
Facilitate handover to Business for User Acceptance Testing and sign-off.
Establ
The release of House Republicans' memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority has intensified an extraordinary feud between President Donald Trump and parts of their own government.
Trump — who campaigned on a theme of “law and order” — and members of their Republican Party, in power in Washington, are using the memo to sow distrust in America's chief law enforcement agency and its investigation into Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election.
Trump on Saturday falsely claimed that the memo “totally vindicates” them in special counsel Robert Mueller's ongoing probe into whether their campaign colluded with Russia.
“This is an American disgrace!” they tweeted.
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, the California Republican whose committee drafted the memo, promised Friday on Fox News that more memos critical of US government agencies are coming.
“We are in the middle of what I call ‘phase two' of our investigation, which involves other departments,” Nunes said. “Specifically the State Department and some of the involvement they had in this.”
Other leading figures, including Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, an Arizona Republican, are issuing dire warnings of the potential damage that undermining US institutions could cause.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the President, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” McCain said in a statement. “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a retiring South Carolina Republican member of the intelligence panel, tweeted that they remain “100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not – in any way – discredit their investigation.”
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by Trump, mocked the memo's contents, tweeting: “That's it?”
“Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what?” they wrote. “DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.”
The three-and-a-half page memo faults the FBI for relying on a dossier on Trump and Russia — the production of which was funded indirectly by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee — to obtain and renew a surveillance warrant to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
The memo argues that the application for that surveillance warrant was overly reliant on the dossier. But it undermines its own argument in its final paragraph: The memo notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
Democrats and the FBI have called the memo inaccurate and incomplete.
After the memo's release, FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed employees in an internal video. They said they know it's a tough and unsettling time — and the last few days have made it worse — but that “actions speak louder than words,” sources who have viewed the video said.
“Current public sentiment may see us in an unfavorable light,” Wray said. “But the work you do is important and I believe in our mission and support what we do everyday.”
Beyond the memo's contents, the bigger question is political: Will Trump take any direct action to attempt to end the Russia investigation as a result of the memo?
On Twitter — where the notion of a “deep state” beyond Trump's control is popular among Trump's supporters — the President's allies had promised shocking revelations that the FBI abused its powers, using the hashtag #ReleaseTheMemo, in the lead-up to its release.
Trump on Friday wouldn't say whether they plan to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the top Justice Department official overseeing the Russia investigation, or if they retained confidence in Rosenstein.
“You figure that one out,” they told reporters.
Democrats fear Trump will use the memo as a pretext to fire Rosenstein over their approval of an extended surveillance warrant for Page. Rosenstein oversees the Russia investigation.
“The President hasn't needed much by way of justification to go after people and I hope they won't use this as a mode of pretext, but you never know with Donald Trump,” said Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Friday — before Trump's comments — said Rosenstein represents “the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department.”
And a White House spokesperson said Friday night that Rosenstein's job is safe.
“I'm saying it on behalf of the White House, and that's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice,” White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah said Friday night on CNN's “Erin Burnett OutFront.”
King of the Cage returns to the Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, CA on June 10th, 2018 for “Highlight Reel.” Click to read King of the Cage's press release for the event.
RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CA. (April 24, 2018) – King of the Cage returns to Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California on Sunday, June 10, 2018 with a nationally broadcast event headlined by a Women's Strawweight World Title fight between current KOTC champion, Cynthia Arceo vs. Jamie Thorton. The co-main events will feature two Featherweight showdowns with Juan Beltran vs. Walel Watson and Albert Veloz vs. Dustin Codispoti.
Main Event – KOTC Women's Strawweight World Title (115 lbs.)
Cynthia “Sin” Arceo (4-0), El Paso, Texas (United Shotokon Association Karate) vs. Jamie “Pretty Assassin” Thorton, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii (UFC Gym Miliani BJ Penn). Arceo, who is undefeated in their professional career, is coming off an impressive title defense battle. Thorton, who has 6 professional victories, has won their last two fights, both in the first-round.
Co-Main Event – Featherweight (145 lbs.)
Juan “Sin Miedo” Beltran (6-0), East Los Angeles, California (The Mini Gym/TKJJ) vs. Walel “The Gazelle” Watson, San Diego, California (Body Shop). In their last bout, Beltran finished off their opponent quickly in the first-round to remain undefeated. Watson has 14 professional wins and is a veteran fighter who has fought some of the top MMA fighters in the sport.
Co-Main Event – Featherweight (145 lbs.)
Albert Veloz, Pinon Hills, California (Cage Combat Academy) vs. Dustin Codispoti, Corona, California (The Mini Gym/ TKJJ). Veloz won their last fight, which was their professional debut. Codispoti, has 3 professional wins and was undefeated in their amateur career.
Featured Event – Bantamweight (135 lbs.)
Jose “All Out” Aparicio, Monrovia, California (The Vault) vs. Jose “Adrenaline” Medina, San Bernardino, California.
Other Fights Include:
KOTC Amateur Jr. Lightweight Title – Asa Carraway vs. Tyler Beneke
KOTC Amateur Bantamweight Title – Johnny Robles vs. Antonio Gonzalez
Mark Matsumoto vs. Lance Lee
Dave Terrel vs. Daniel Hernandez
Matthew Gomez vs. Richie Palomino
Cole Bates vs. Jonathan Rivera
Armando Murillo vs. Jonathan Noriega
Latif Idris vs. Erik Van Der Lee
Edson Gomez vs. Ricardo Flemate
Kai Kamaka vs. Anthony Jimenez
Eddie Lopez vs. TBA
Victor Rivera vs. Andrew Freelove
Johnathan Salazar vs. Gabriel De Santiago
Seth Davis vs. TBA
Brandon Aviles vs. TBA
This event will be broadcast in over 50 million U.S. households on MAVTV. MAVTV is currently available on DIRECTV (channel 214), Verizon Fios (channel 810), Comcast, Google Fiber, Time Warner Cable, Charter and hundreds of regional distributors.
Doors open at 3:00 pm. and fights start at 4:00 pm. Reserve seating and Ringside tickets are on sale now. For more information or to purchase tickets, please visit Ticketmaster.com. All ages. Event card subject to change.
​Over the weekend, white nationalist alt-right groups burst into the national consciousness after their Unite The Right rally in Charlottesville ended in one hate-motivated death and highlighted the emboldened nationalist movement in America. What seemed like fringe politics during the Obama-era has begun seep into national influence as alt-right groups have been buoyed by the election of Donald Trump. One of the men leading the explicitly white nationalist wing of the alt-right movement is Matthew Heimbach.
Heimbach Was A Key Organizer Of The Unite The Right Rally In Charlottesville
In a black combat helmet with a bodyguard in tow, Heimbach led followers in Emancipation Park Saturday to push down police barricades, The Indianapolis Star reports. Heimbach wasn't shy about the overtly white nationalist motivations of the gathering (despite the official rallying point of the removal of the Robert E. Lee statue from the park), explaining the importance of the Rally to the Indianapolis Star:
The biggest thing is a show of strength... To show that our organizations that have been divided on class, been divided on religious issues, divided on ideological grounds, can put 14 words — ‘We must secure the existence of our people and the future for white children' — as our primary motivating factor.
In early July, Heimbach posted a video to the YouTube account of their Traditionalist Worker Party, promoting the rally as a show of force against "white genocide" and "the Jewish power structure" — claiming the destruction of the Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville was a step towards white cultural erasure.
After the rally, Heimbach portrayed the day as an overwhelming success:
We achieved all of our objectives... We showed that our movement is not just online, but growing physically. We asserted ourselves as the voice of white America. We had zero vehicles damaged, all our people accounted for, and moved a large amount of men and materials in and out of the area. I think we did an incredibly impressive job.
They were taped outside of the Charlottesville court house on Monday defending James Alex Fields Jr., the man arrested for plowing a car into a group of counter-protesters and killing one. Heimbach claims "the nationalist community" was defending itself from counter-protesters.
Supporters of the defendant in #charlottesville speak out outside the courthouse pic.twitter.com/74l4lf19TP — Andy Campbell (@AndyBCampbell) August 14, 2017
In College, Heimbach Ran A Controversial 'White Student Union'
While attending Towson University in 2012, Heimbach founded and ran the White Student Union. The group gained attention by patrolling the campus with flashlights and pepper spray to supposedly combat what they called a "black crime wave." In a Vice documentary on the group, Heimbach spoke about their belief that white people are treated unfairly on college campuses:
We have black student development, Latino student development, gay student development... So one day white people will be on there. We'll be treated equally with every other single group, hopefully. But demanding equality for white people on campus apparently isn't very popular.
Heimbach Believes In The Creation Of A White Ethno-State
Like many white nationalists, Heimbach advocates for the creation of a white ethno-state. In the Vice documentary, Heimbach sketched their vision, saying:
I think that especially the black community will find areas in the South, areas like Detroit, where they can have their own homelands, we don't have to be antagonistic towards them. And if you want to sell yourself and your children down the river of multiculturalism, you can do that. But we deserve the right to exist, deserve the right to defend our culture, and deserve the right to have a future for our culture.
In an interview with Chelsea Handler, Heimbach went further in sketching their disturbing vision, saying they advocated for the "voluntary separation of races," but that mixed-race couples would not be allowed into a white community:
Heimbach Is Anti-Capitalist And Anti-American
The foundation of Heimbach's racist political philosophy is the belief that capitalism has destroyed an "organic hierarchy." In a speech titled "Death To America," delivered in 2014 at the annual Stormfront Summit, Heimbach argues that capitalism has replaced supposed boundaries based in ethnic tribalism with ones based on economics.
Their conclusion is that American values, founded on principles of free trade and equality, are antithetical to a white nationalist mission, and that white people must create their own ethnic tribes outside of American politics — eventually resulting in a monarchic ethno-state established through revolution.
More recently, Heimbach reiterated their anti-American, anti-capitalist philosophies in "America Left Us," posted to YouTube this April.
Heimbach Leads Multiple White Nationalist Organizations
Since graduating from Towson in 2013, Heimbach has started and led multiple white nationalist organizations, most notably the Traditionalist Youth Network and its political party the Traditionalist Worker Party. Most recently, Heimbach founded the Nationalist Front — an alliance of white nationalist groups dedicated to "the 14 points" — a set of 14 contemporary white nationalist values covering race, gender, religion, and statehood.
Heimbach Supported The Election Of Donald Trump
Despite the fact the Heimbach is a known neo-Nazi who disavows American politics, they supported the election of Donald Trump and has been supported by certain Republicans. After Trump's election, The New Republic documented a meeting between a Republican party official and Heimbach that appeared to promise Republican funding for the white nationalist movement:
Heimbach's contact said that the movement needed money and that the GOP needed the movement, and that today would be the first step in bringing the nationalists and the GOP together... They threw a hundred dollar bill on the table and took Heimbach with them to the Capitol Hill Club, where they said many people were excited to meet him... Finally Heimbach came back... The meeting had gone well, they said. In a room full of GOP operatives and state legislators they had been introduced as “the next president of the United States.” They said that they had made no attempt at hiding their politics or their affiliations, and that no one had seemed to have a problem with it.
The relationship seems to have soured, however, after President Trump fired missiles at a Syrian airbase (seen as an afront to Vladimir Putin, who Heimbach claims is assembling an anti-globalist alliance) and after Heimbach was convicted of disorderly conduct for repeatedly shoving a black protester at a Trump rally. Now, Heimbach is suing Trump for directing supporters to remove protesters from their rallies.
In April, Heimbach noted the importance of Trump mainly as paving a political future for white nationalism:
Our values, and the ones that helped get Trump elected, can't be compromised on... Nationalism is basically faith, family, and folk, and you can't just do 50 percent of that. It's everything or nothing. Trump is a spectacular failure, but getting them elected proved that people are ready for nationalism.
Lead PHP Developer
Have you ever wanted to work for an online fashion company? We have collaborated with South Africa's leading online retailers to find a Lead PHP Developer. The ideal candidate will be part of a vibrant, multi-talented group of strategists, coders, marketers and designers. Develop your skills in this leadership position, we would like for you to apply! Qualification:Relevant Tertiary Degree (preferable) Skills & Experience: Minimum 4 years' experienceHTML5, CSS, Sass, jQueryPHPUnitREST, JSON, SOAPUbuntu, Mac OS X, Nginx, MySQL, Memcache, Solr / ElasticsearchGitGood understanding of Clean Code practices7 years' experience in Development with PHP5 OOP (Zend Framework experience is a plus, Yii, MVC, Symfony, Laravel and CakePHP are also valued)Experience with MySQL Job Description:As a Senior PHP Developer you will design and develop complex web applications and modules for the eCommerce platform. Furthermore you will optimize the platform for scalability during peak traffic hours. Adhering to agile SW Development methodologies you will also ensure code quality and enforce best practices by communicating and sharing them with team members. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, ROBIN CHRISTIAN on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027269.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Red Deer RCMP are investigating a robbery at a south Red Deer cellphone store the afternoon of May 29th and are looking for public assistance to identify three male suspects who were seen fleeing in a black SUV.
Shortly before 3 p.m. on May 29th, three men entered the Bell store at Southpointe Common and demanded that the staff member open the safe. The suspects placed a large number of cellphones into a cardboard box and fled the store.
The three suspects were all described as having slim builds, and one was described as Caucasian. All three wore face coverings, black hoodies, and yellow or black work gloves. The suspects fled in a black SUV and were last seen driving eastbound on 19th St.
RCMP attended immediately and searched the area for the suspect vehicle. RCMP continues to investigate and are asking anyone with information about this robbery to contact Red Deer RCMP at 403-343-5575. If you wish to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or report it online at www.tipsubmit.com. If your information leads to an arrest, you could be eligible for a cash reward up to $2,000.
-Submitted by Red Deer RCMP
There's snow and ice on the ground, but it's about to heat up inside US Bank Stadium. Super Bowl LII is here, and Bill Belichick and Tom Brady are back for yet another opportunity to add to the record books.
The New England Patriots, looking to repeat as champions, will face the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday in frigid Minneapolis. Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. ET (5:30 p.m. local time). While the Minneapolis stadium has a fixed roof, fans may need to think twice about tailgating: The National Weather Service calls for bitter cold and the wind chill to be 10 below zero for most of the weekend.
Perhaps it's appropriate the two teams that reached this point both are accustomed to cold weather. The Eagles lead the all-time series 7-6 against the Patriots, but New England has won four of the last five and is favored to win Sunday.
Philadelphia matched New England's win-loss record this season (both teams are 15-3 heading into the game) and clobbered the Minnesota Vikings 38-7 to win the NFC championship — and disappointing the Minnesota faithful in the process. Like the Patriots, which defeated the Jacksonville Jaguars 24-20 in the AFC title game, the Eagles were the top seed in their conference.
Still, purple remains the dominant color in the Minneapolis area as fans sport the color of the host city team. And the Eagles would absolutely delight haters of the Patriots should they pull off an upset.
Sunday will be the Eagles' third Super Bowl appearance in franchise history, the last of which was a 24-21 loss to Brady, Belichick and the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXIX back in 2005.
Meanwhile, the Patriots are making a record 10th Super Bowl appearance, and the game will be the eighth for Belichick and Brady, the most NFL title games for any head coach and starting quarterback duo in league history. Their five Super Bowl wins together are the most that a head coach and starting quarterback have accomplished together.
Should they win a sixth, New England will tie the Pittsburgh Steelers for the most Super Bowl titles in history. And Belichick would pass Vince Lombardi and tie George Halas and Curly Lambeau with the most NFL championships in league history.
“It's hard for me to really picture that,” Belichick said when asked about being linked with those famed coaches. “They're such great legendary coaches. I don't really see myself — I don't think of it that way. I just think of how great they were, what they meant to the game, what they accomplished and how much respect I have for them.”
Brady, who at 40 is making their NFL-record eighth career Super Bowl start, is the only starting quarterback in league history to win five Super Bowls and the only player to win four Super Bowl MVP awards (XXXVI, XXXVIII, XLIX and LI).
 They are the all-time leader in Super Bowl passing yards (2,071), completions (207), passing attempts (309) and touchdown passes (15).  They are also the NFL postseason leader in wins by a starting quarterback (27), completions (892), passing attempts (1,416), passing yards (9,721) and touchdown passes (68).
“I think Coach Belichick does a great job kind of getting the guys ready,” Brady said. “I mean, this is exciting for me, too. So, I've never taken anything like this for granted, and I think we're all very fortunate to be in this game. It's a lot of hard work to get here.”
It's a much different situation for the Eagles — who have never won a Super Bowl — and quarterback Nick Foles. The 29-year-old started the season as the backup but was pressed into duty when starter Carson Wentz suffered a torn ACL in December.
He's filled in admirably. In this year's postseason, Foles has completed 49 of 63 passes (77.8%) for 598 yards with three touchdowns and no interceptions for a 122.1 passer rating.
“Everyone around me helped me tremendously,” Foles said. “We just kept working at it, fine-tuning everything, where we started to get a rhythm.”
Foles is the fourth quarterback in the Super Bowl era to win two postseason games after making three or fewer starts in the regular season, joining Doug Williams (the 1987 Washington Redskins), Jeff Hostetler (the 1990 New York Giants) and Frank Reich (the 1992 Buffalo Bills).
 They are trying to become the first backup quarterback to win a Super Bowl since Brady did it in the 2001 season.
Led by second-year head coach Doug Pederson, the Eagles had 13 regular-season wins, completing a worst-to-first turnaround. Philadelphia is the first team since the 2009 New Orleans Saints to win its division the season after finishing in or tied for last place and advance to the Super Bowl. New Orleans won the title that season.
“I'm excited,” Pederson said. “This is a great opportunity for myself, our coaches, for our players, obviously, and the city of Philadelphia.”
× Edmonds police investigating the spraying of swastikas on several vehicles, homes
EDMONDS, Wash. — Police said Monday swastikas were spray painted on several vehicles and residences overnight, and they are investigating it as a possible hate crime although the victims don't feel they were targeted.
Police said in a news release that residents in the Westgate neighborhood filed two reports of vandalism involving swastikas, and then throughout the day there were five more reports of similar vandalism in other areas.
“At this point none of the victims feel that they were targeted due to their race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or mental, physical or sensory handicap,” police said in a news release.
“However, the Edmonds Police Department is continuing to investigate these crimes as possible hate crimes in addition to the crime of vandalism,” police said.
Police notified the local FBI office to “make them aware of the situation,” police said.
Police Chief Al Compaan said, “This sort of criminal behavior has no place in our society and is strongly condemned by me and any who stand up for the law and basic human dignity. We are asking for the public's help in identifying suspects.”
Storm hit State Highway Six set to be reopened this morning
Hundreds of people have been stuck on the West Coast since the storm hit on Thursday.
MARYVILLE (WATE) – Minors who end up having a run-in with the law often find themselves spiraling into a pattern of bad decisions. There is an effort in the state of Tennessee to use restorative justice to hold kids accountable but get them back on track.
There are 17 youth courts across the state. The only one in East Tennessee is in Blount County and it's impacting young lives.
A bad decision can lead a child to a juvenile courtroom where harsh sentences can be handed down. However, for some youth, there is a chance at redemption in Blount County.
“They are getting ready to take the wrong road and by putting them in front of a jury of their peers, perhaps they are going to make the right choices in the future and in fact we found they do make the right choices,“ says Lynn Peterson, president of the Blount County Youth Court.
They say the students who run the court are making a big difference in the lives of their peers.
More online: Tennessee Youth Courts, Inc.
“I have seen them cry. I have seen them laugh. They are tough in their questions. They are perceptive and they take their job very seriously.
The youth court jurors are trained by local law enforcement and lawyers for nearly 20 hours before hearing cases.
High school jurors Iman Coffin and Conner Harrington have served on the youth court for several years.
“Whenever we get together to deliberate after we hear their side of the story and ask all of the questions we want, I'm always looking for the best and most beneficial option for them,” said Harrington. “Like if they said they like animals, for their community service maybe they can work at the animal shelter.”
Minors who go before the youth court are called respondents and they have to meet certain criteria. They must be non-violent, first time offenders. Their parents have to agree to the hearing. If they complete their disposition, they can have their records expunged for as little as $25 in fees.
“From youth court and from my experiences. I have learned to not judge a kid because you never know what's going on with them,” says Coffin. “You never know their background, their family life, how they are in school, if they are getting bullied. You never know. So you never want to judge them.”
The goal is to keep these kids from ending up in juvenile court.
“Many, many people think that juvenile court records just disappear when you turn 18. They don't,” says Blount Juvenile Judge Kenlyn Foster.
They fully support the program because of the success she's seen.
“It's hard once a child has had a court encounter and is involved with the court system to get that child out of the court system,” says Foster. “The consequences here are more severe. It can be anything from an abeyance where we would hold the case open for months with conditions, to probation, to removing a child from their or their parents or custodian to placing that child in the custody of the Department of Children Services Juvenile Justice.”
That pattern can end up devastating a minor's future. A juvenile record can follow you even if you turn your life around. If you apply for the military, some career fields that require security clearance, or sometimes college entrance, a juvenile record can interfere with your application.
It can cost roughly $450 to expunge a juvenile record. Going through the Blount Youth Court to throw out a case will result in fees of only $25.
For more information on the Blount Youth Court contact Lynn Peterson at (865) 546-4646 or lpeterson@lewisthomason.com.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
MADRID, April 3 The chief executive of Spain's Banco Popular, Pedro Larena, will step down after they were sidelined by the recent hiring of another executive, Expansion newspaper reported on Monday citing anonymous sources.
A spokesperson at Banco Popular declined to comment.
Larena joined Popular last year after the previous CEO Francisco Gomez stepped down in July as the bank was struggling to clean up billions of euros of toxic real estate assets.
Shares were down around 6 percent.
(Reporting By Jesús Aguado; editing by Angus Berwick)
Front End Developer
Front End Full Stack with a twist! An exceptional Developer working on the Front End of systems. You will be involved in all aspects of the project life cycle. You must be comfortable taking ownership of a project and running with the project (front-end). A developer with an eye for detail and care about user experience. Qualification:Tertiary qualification will be an advantage Skills & Experience: Worked with RESTful servicesAngular / Ember / VueJS / ReactCSS / Less / SassWork with a graphics / product design tools to match the build to the designjQueryUsed to building front-end based on designs, specs and guidance from the design teamHigh attention to detail when matching design to buildNeed:Quality assurance practices using Test Driven Development or Behaviour Driven Development, code reviews experience Job Description:Testing Quality is very important to the company, and in this role, through automated testing strive to keep the quality of their systems as high as possible.Work with huge sets of data.Lean Project Management.A deep understanding of JavaScript as a language and its usage.The potential for learning and working in another language like Java, C#, Python or Scala. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, SANDY-LEE WILLIAMS on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027267.
Learn more/Apply for this position
× Defending champ Chestnut sets eating record with 74 hot dogs
NEW YORK (AP) — Joey “Jaws” Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
“I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. “I was feeling good today.”
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
“Frankly, the judging was just off,” George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. “Joey said, ‘look at my plates' and Carmen said ‘look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74.”
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
“At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record,” said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. “Apparently they were good dogs.”
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.”
“We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Australian cricketing legend Belinda Clark has hailed the rise of women's cricket as the most remarkable growth in world sport.
Prolific batter Clark enjoyed a magnificent international career from 1991 to 2005 and is widely considered Australia's finest female cricketer.
Clark's career ended just as Twenty20 started, with their final international appearance coming in Australia's first women's game in that format.
Now Cricket Australia's head of junior cricket, Clark has witnessed the women's game make major strides since their retirement.
In the last couple of months alone,a well attended and viewed Ashes series has been followed by more good crowds and television ratings for last weekend's record breaking opening round of the WBBL.
"That growth in the female section has been probably the most remarkable growth in world sport really," Clark told AAP on Monday.
"If you think about where we were 20 years ago, to today, it's remarkably different.
"I think that transformation has been probably at the front of world sport, if you consider both domestic and international cricket changing so much in that time."
One day games were the main format of women's cricket during Clark's career.
They played 115 ODI's, 15 Tests and just the one T20, but has no qualms about the shortest format now being the major promotional vehicle for the women's game.
"I think the rationale for that it is an attractive form of the game for people to watch both on television and attending," Clark said.
"I think we're now seeing the benefits of that move and it's terrific to see so many people turn up and watch the games on the weekend, but also the television audiences were amazing."
There was no domestic T20 cricket played in Australia during Clark's career, so their international swan song against England at Taunton was their only taste of the format.
"It would have been a fun format to have played more of, but it wasn't to be," Clark said.
They were excited at the prospect of Australia hosting separate mens and women's World T20 tournaments in 2020.
"I think what we're going to see is an amazing spectacle," they said.
Wed 30 May
U14 Football Division 2 North, Venue: Clonberne, (Round 5), Kilkerrin-Clonberne V Kinvara 19:00, Ref: Noel Finnegan
U14 Football Division 2 West, Venue: Westside, (Round 2), St Michael's V Oughterard 19:00, Ref: Alan Carr
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Beagh, (Round 1), Beagh V Ballinasloe 19:30, Ref: Noel Quinn
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Bullaun, (Round 1), Sarsfields V Tommy Larkins 19:30, Ref: Peter Murphy
Thu 31 May
Under 14 A1 Championship, Venue: Duggan Park, (Final), Kilnadeema-Leitrim V Tommy Larkins 19:30, Ref: Vincent Burke
Under 14 C Shield, Venue: Duggan Park, (Final), Annaghdown V Pádraig Pearses 18:30, Ref: Derek Moloney
U14 Football Division 1 West, Venue: Mervue, (Round 4), St. James V Claregalway 19:00, Ref: TBC
John Dunne Cup – Group 5, Venue: Menlough, (Round 2), Menlough V Caltra 20:00, Ref: Sean Lyons
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Headford, (Round 3), Headford V Craughwell 07:15, Ref: Tom Browne
Fri 01 Jun
U14 Football Division 2 North, Venue: Kilconly, (Round 4), Kilconly V Loughrea 19:00, Ref: Noel Finnegan
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Kenny Park, (Round 2), Liam Mellows V Clarinbridge 19:30, Ref: Eoin Shaughnessy
U13 Football Division 1A, Venue: Cregg, (Round 3), Annaghdown V Corofin 19:00, Ref: Austin O'Connell
U13 Football Division 1A, Venue: Caherlistrane, (Round 3), Caherlistrane V Mountbellew/Moylough 19:00, Ref: Tony Keating
U13 Football Division 1A, Venue: Monivea, (Round 3), Monivea-Abbey V Oranmore-Maree 19:00, Ref: Martin Gavin
U13 Football Division 1B, Venue: Páirc na bhForbacha, (Round 3), Barna V Salthill-Knocknacarra 19:00, Ref: Frank Kinneen
U13 Football Division 1B, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 3), Moycullen V Killannin 19:00, Ref: Mark Gannon
U13 Football Division 1B, Venue: Claregalway Knockdoemore, (Round 3), Claregalway V St Michael's 19:00, Ref: Richard McNicholas
U13 Football Division 2 A, Venue: Tuam Stars, (Round 3), Tuam Stars V Clarinbridge 19:00, Ref: David Staunton
U13 Football Division 2 A, Venue: Dunmore, (Round 3), Dunmore MacHales V Kinvara 19:00, Ref: Noel Finnegan
U13 Football Division 2 B, Venue: An Spideal, (Round 3), An Spidéal V Micheal Breathnach 19:00, Ref: Noel Cummins
U13 Football Division 2 B, Venue: Mervue, (Round 3), St. James V Oughterard 19:00, Ref: Maura Conneely
U13 Football Division 2 B, Venue: Leitir Mór, (Round 3), Naomh Anna, Leitir Mór V Carna-Caiseal/Na Piarsaigh 19:00, Ref: Mairtin O'Mainin
U13 Football Division 4, Venue: The Prairie, (Round 3), Salthill-Knocknacarra V Corofin 19:00, Ref: Ronan McNulty
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Killimordaly, (Round 1), Killimordaly V Ballinasloe 19:30, Ref: David Staunton
Junior C1 Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Salthill-Knocknacarra, (Round 1), Salthill-Knocknacarra V Skehana-Mountbellew/Moylough 19:30, Ref: Pat McGrath
Ard Ri Hotel Division 5 (North), Venue: Corofin, (Round 5), Corofin V Headford 20:00, Ref: Martin Flaherty
Ard Ri Hotel Division 7 (North), Venue: Caherlistrane, (Round 5), Caherlistrane V Williamstown 20:00, Ref: Thomas Murphy
Ard Ri Hotel Division 7 (North), Venue: Barnaderg, (Round 5), Killererin V Tuam Stars 20:00, Ref: Gerry Moore
Ard Ri Hotel Division 8B League (North), Venue: Mountbellew, (Round 3), Mountbellew/Moylough V Loughrea Gaelic Football 20:00, Ref: Sean Lyons
Sat 02 Jun
Division 2 League, Venue: Indreabhán, (Round 4), Micheal Breathnach V Cortoon Shamrocks 18:00, Ref: Tommy Faherty (S)
Division 3 League, Venue: Leitir Mór, (Round 4), Naomh Anna, Leitir Mór V Oranmore-Maree 18:00, Ref: Brenadan Kinneavy
John Dunne Cup – Group 2, Venue: Oughterard, (Round 2), Oughterard V Moycullen 18:00, Ref: Christopher Ryan
Ard Ri Hotel Division 8A League (North), Venue: Corofin, (Round 4), Corofin V Milltown 19:00, Ref: Padraic Kelly
Sun 03 Jun
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Carnmore, (Round 2), Skehana V Salthill-Knocknacarra 12:00, Ref: Adrian Mooney
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Loughrea, (Round 2), Sarsfields V St Mary's GAA Athenry 12:30, Ref: Derek Kelly
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Kenny Park, (Round 2), Craughwell V Ardrahan 12:30, Ref: Shane Hynes
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Kenny Park, (Round 1), Kilnadeema-Leitrim V Ballygar 11:00, Ref: James Lundon
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 3, Venue: Duggan Park, (Round 2), Tommy Larkins V Turloughmore 11:00, Ref: Christopher Browne
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 3, Venue: Clarinbridge, (Round 2), Bearna-Na Forbacha V St Thomas 12:00, Ref: Paschal Sheehan
Junior A Hurling Championship – Group 3, Venue: Duggan Park, (Round 2), Tynagh/Abbey-Duniry V Meelick-Eyrecourt 12:30, Ref: Brian Keon
U12 Football Group 1, Venue: Dunmore, (Round 4), Dunmore MacHales V Monivea-Abbey 10:30, Ref: Hubert McDonagh
U12 Football Group 1, Venue: Headford, (Round 4), Headford V Tuam Stars 10:30, Ref: Tom Browne
U12 Football Group 1, Venue: Cregg, (Round 4), Annaghdown V Caherlistrane 10:30, Ref: John Donovan
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Oranmore-Maree, (Round 4), Oranmore-Maree V Headford 11:00, Ref: Maura Conneely
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Craughwell, (Round 4), Craughwell V Salthill-Knocknacarra 11:00, Ref: David Cunningham
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Corofin GAA Pitch , (Round 4), Corofin V Pádraig Pearses 11:00, Ref: Tony Melia
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Claregalway Lakeview, (Round 4), Claregalway V St Michael's 11:00, Ref: Richard McNicholas
U12 Football Group 2, Venue: Dunmore, (Round 4), Dunmore MacHales V Monivea-Abbey 11:30, Ref: Hubert McDonagh
U12 Football Group 2, Venue: Headford, (Round 4), Headford V Tuam Stars 11:30, Ref: Tom Browne
U12 Football Group 2, Venue: Cregg, (Round 4), Annaghdown V Caherlistrane 11:30, Ref: John Donovan
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Claregalway Knockdoemore, (Round 4), Claregalway V Salthill-Knocknacarra 10:30, Ref: Thomas Murphy
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Oranmore-Maree, (Round 4), Oranmore-Maree V Clarinbridge 10:30, Ref: Brendan Crowe
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 4), Moycullen V Barna 10:30, Ref: Christopher Ryan
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Claregalway Knockdoemore, (Round 4), Claregalway V Salthill-Knocknacarra 11:30, Ref: Thomas Murphy
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Oranmore-Maree, (Round 4), Oranmore-Maree V Clarinbridge 11:30, Ref: Brendan Crowe
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 4), Moycullen V Barna 11:30, Ref: Christopher Ryan
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Letterfrack, (Round 4), Renvyle V An Cheathrú Rua 11:00, Ref: Frank Walsh
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Leitir Mór, (Round 4), Naomh Anna, Leitir Mór V Clifden 11:00, Ref: Pádraig Mac Donncha
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Carna, (Round 4), Carna-Caiseal/Na Piarsaigh V An Fhairche – Clonbur 11:00, Ref: Stephen Joyce
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Caltra Pitch, (Round 4), Caltra V St. Gabriels 11:00, Ref: John Cahill
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Ballygar, (Round 4), St Brendan's V Menlough 11:00, Ref: Odhran Loughrey
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Ballinasloe, (Round 4), Ballinasloe V Mountbellew/Moylough 11:00, Ref: John Rosney
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Mullagh Hurling Club Grounds, (Round 2), Mullagh V Beagh 11:00, Ref: Liam Gordon
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Ballinasloe, (Round 2), Ballinasloe V Abbeyknockmoy 11:00, Ref: John Rosney
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: St Brendan's Loughrea, (Round 2), Loughrea V Cappataggle 11:00, Ref: Peter Campbell
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 2), Moycullen V Killimordaly 11:00, Ref: Murt Cualin
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 3, Venue: Cregg, (Round 1), Annaghdown V Pádraig Pearses 11:00, Ref: Sean Moran
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 3, Venue: Ahascragh Sportsfield, (Round 2), Ahascragh/Fohenagh V Kiltormer 11:00, Ref: Vincent Burke
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 4, Venue: Kinvara, (Round 2), Kinvara V Carnmore 11:00, Ref: Ronan Stankard
Junior B Hurling Championship – Group 4, Venue: Castlegar Pitch, (Round 2), Castlegar V Oranmore-Maree 11:00, Ref: Paul Fahy
Mon 04 Jun
John Dunne Cup – Group 1, Venue: Carna, (Round 2), Carna-Caiseal V Naomh Anna, Leitir Mór 17:00, Ref: Mairtin O'Mainin
John Dunne Cup – Group 1, Venue: An Spideal, (Round 2), An Spidéal V An Cheathrú Rua 17:00, Ref: Tom Nally
John Dunne Cup – Group 3, Venue: Westside, (Round 2), St Michael's V St. James 17:00, Ref: Pat Hansberry
John Dunne Cup – Group 3, Venue: Oranmore, (Round 2), Oranmore-Maree V Salthill-Knocknacarra 17:00, Ref: Anthony Coyne
John Dunne Cup – Group 4, Venue: Cregg, (Round 2), Annaghdown V Cortoon Shamrocks 17:00, Ref: Ger Cahill
John Dunne Cup – Group 4, Venue: Headford, (Round 2), Headford V Caherlistrane 17:00, Ref: Thomas Murphy
John Dunne Cup – Group 5, Venue: Killererin GAA Pitch, (Round 2), Killererin V Kilkerrin-Clonberne 17:00, Ref: Tony Keating
John Dunne Cup – Group 6, Venue: Athenry, (Round 2), St Mary's GAA Athenry V Claregalway 17:00, Ref: Martin Collins
Cahill Cup – Group 1, Venue: Ballygar, (Round 2), St Brendan's V Mountbellew/Moylough 17:00, Ref: PJ Rabbitte
Cahill Cup – Group 2, Venue: Kilconnell, (Round 2), St Gabriel's V An Fhairche – Clonbur 17:00, Ref: Martin Flaherty
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Menlo Emmetts, (Round 1), Menlo Emmetts V Loughrea 16:00, Ref: Conor Quinlan
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Clarinbridge, (Round 1), Clarinbridge V Meelick-Eyrecourt 16:00, Ref: Noel Quinn
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Ballygar GAA Pitch, (Round 1), Ballygar V Liam Mellows 16:00, Ref: Trevor Lohan
Junior C Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Ballinderreen, (Round 1), Ballinderreen V Turloughmore 16:00, Ref: John McDonagh
Junior C1 Hurling Championship – Group 1, Venue: Kilnadeema Pitch, (Round 1), Kilnadeema-Leitrim V Ahascragh/Fohenagh 16:00, Ref: Gerry Hurley
Junior C1 Hurling Championship – Group 2, Venue: Kinvara, (Round 1), Kinvara V Rahoon-Newcastle 14:00, Ref: Karol Collins
Tue 05 Jun
U12 Football Group 1, Venue: Tuam Stars, (Round 5), Tuam Stars V Corofin 18:45, Ref: Shane Kelly
U12 Football Group 1, Venue: Monivea, (Round 5), Monivea-Abbey V Annaghdown 18:45, Ref: Martin Gavin
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Cappagh Park, (Round 5), Salthill-Knocknacarra V Oranmore-Maree 07:00, Ref: Mark Gannon
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: St Kerrill's Park, (Round 5), Pádraig Pearses V St Michael's 07:00, Ref: Mike Tarpey
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Headford, (Round 5), Headford V Claregalway 07:00, Ref: Tom Browne
U12 Football Group 10, Venue: Corofin GAA Pitch , (Round 5), Corofin V Craughwell 07:00, Ref: Michael Ruane
U12 Football Group 2, Venue: Tuam Stars, (Round 5), Tuam Stars V Corofin 19:45, Ref: Shane Kelly
U12 Football Group 2, Venue: Monivea, (Round 5), Monivea-Abbey V Annaghdown 19:45, Ref: Martin Gavin
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 5), Moycullen V Claregalway 18:45, Ref: Liam Conghaile
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Clarinbridge, (Round 5), Clarinbridge V Salthill-Knocknacarra 18:45, Ref: Kevin Egan
U12 Football Group 3, Venue: Pairc na bhForbacha, (Round 5), Barna V Oranmore-Maree 18:45, Ref: Alan Carr
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Baile Doite Pitch & Clubhouse, (Round 5), Moycullen V Claregalway 19:45, Ref: Liam Conghaile
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Clarinbridge, (Round 5), Clarinbridge V Salthill-Knocknacarra 19:45, Ref: Kevin Egan
U12 Football Group 4, Venue: Páirc na bhForbacha, (Round 5), Barna V Oranmore-Maree 19:45, Ref: Alan Carr
U12 Football Group 5, Venue: Craughwell, (Round 4), Craughwell V Loughrea Gaelic Football 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 5, Venue: Kinvara, (Round 4), Kinvara V St Mary's GAA Athenry 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 5, Venue: Mervue, (Round 4), St. James V Claregalway 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 6, Venue: Kilconly, (Round 4), Kilconly V Northern Gaels 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 6, Venue: Clonberne, (Round 4), Kilkerrin-Clonberne V Milltown 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 6, Venue: Brownesgrove, (Round 4), Cortoon Shamrocks V Killererin 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 7, Venue: Westside, (Round 4), St Michael's V Fr Griffins/Eire Óg 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 7, Venue: Oughterard, (Round 4), Oughterard V Killannin 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 7, Venue: An Spideal, (Round 4), An Spidéal V Micheal Breathnach 07:00, Ref: TBC
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Leitir Mór, (Round 5), Naomh Anna, Leitir Mór V Carna-Caiseal/Na Piarsaigh 07:00, Ref: Pádraig MacDonnacha
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Páirc an Chathánaigh, (Round 5), An Cheathrú Rua V An Fhairche – Clonbur 07:00, Ref: Mairtin O'Mainin
U12 Football Group 8, Venue: Clifden, (Round 5), Clifden V Renvyle 07:00, Ref: Frank Walsh
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Caltra Pitch, (Round 5), Caltra V Mountbellew/Moylough 07:00, Ref: Frank Coyne
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Kilconnell, (Round 5), St. Gabriels V Menlough 07:00, Ref: Anthony Curley
U12 Football Group 9, Venue: Ballinasloe, (Round 5), Ballinasloe V St Brendan's 07:00, Ref: John Rosney
SHANGHAI, April 12 China stocks slid on Wednesday, as softer producer inflation data raised questions on the sustainability of the country's economic recovery and some shares that had rallied on plans for a new economic zone lost steam.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.2 percent to 3,509.44, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,273.83 points.
China's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled, pressured by fears that the country's steel production is outweighing demand and threatening a glut of the metal this year.
But Wu Kan, head of equity trading at investment firm Shanshan Finance, said cooling inflation "has been largely expected", citing recent weakness in commodity prices.
In their view, longer-term companies able to benefit from plans for the economic zone at Xiongan should benefit as such projects "will boost demand for building materials".
Shares linked to infrastructure work surged after the zone was announced, and many cooled down on Wednesday.
Great Wall Motor, a Hebei-based carmaker, dived 8 percent. The carmaker had surged as much as 21 percent since April.
Guangdong-based developers and port operators surged on Wednesday, as Prime Minister Li Keqiang said the central government this year will formulate the development plan for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Great Bay Area.
Sector performance was mixed, with gains led by developers and utilities.
Most listed lenders sagged after the banking regulator told lenders to conduct "self-inspections" in areas such as using loopholes to circumvent rules, in order to reduce leverage. The move will potentially hurt banks' balance sheet. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Day' game
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the New Mexico Lottery's "Pick 3 Day" game were:
5-9-1
(five, nine, one)
Two suspects have been arrested but their identities and the motive for the attack were still under investigation, police say
MANILA, Philippines – Seven people were injured when two bomb explosions rocked a petrol station in Tacurong City, Sultan Kudarat, police said Tuesday, April 18.
An improvised explosive was thrown on Monday night, April 17, on the roof of the Dragon gasoline station in Purok Ilang Ilang, Barangay New Isabela in Tacurong.
Two soldiers, 3 police officers and two civilians were wounded when a second blast went off minutes later than security forces were about to cordon off the area, said regional police spokesperson Superintendent Romeo Galgo.
Two suspects have been arrested but their identities and the motive for the attack were still under investigation, Galgo added.
"We cannot conclude yet that this is an act of terrorism. We are looking at all angles as there are threat groups in surrounding areas," Galgo told Agence France-Presse, referring to Muslim rebels in the strife-torn province of Maguindanao.
Nearby towns are also home to communist rebels waging one of Asia's longest insurgencies and the incident could have been linked to extortion, Galgo added.
The blasts occurred in a section of Mindanao that had been troubled by the Muslim insurgency and high crime.
Mindanao is the ancestral homeland of the Muslim minority in the largely Catholic Philippines.
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front, the largest Muslim rebel organization, is in peace talks with the government but other extremist gangs that have pledged allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS) group routinely carry out bombings and kidnappings. – Rappler.com
A grand jury indicted a former Juneau Assembly candidate on felony charges related to alleged Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend fraud.
Indicted May 24, Loretto Lee Jones, 63, is charged with first-degree unsworn falsification and second-degree theft.
According to the indictment, Jones allegedly lived and worked in Oregon from January 2015 to December 2016. Investigators determined Jones was absent from Alaska for approximately 260 days in 2015.
On their PFD application that they filed in January 2016, Jones answered “No” to questions about being absent from Alaska for more than 90 or 180 days.
Jones later collected on a $1,022 dividend that was directly deposited into their bank account.
Jones was initially charged in the case in February and appeared in Juneau District Court in March.
The indictment automatically elevates their case to Juneau Superior Court.
Arraignment is scheduled for May 31.
Electronic court documents indicate Jones is currently unrepresented by an attorney. Them previous attorney withdrew from the case. They could not be immediately reached for comment.
Jones picked up the fewest votes in a three-way race for the Assembly District 1 seat in October 2017.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Senior journalist Rahul Jalali on Thursday said that Kashmiri separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq should simply be ignored and not given free play in and by the Indian media.
Reacting to Mirwaiz celebrating Pakistan's entry into the finals of the ICC Champions Trophy, Jalali said, "We should not give such "pro-Pakistani elements free play on our media."
Talking to ANI, the former Press Club of India (PCI) president said, "Actually, I don't think it should be highlighted the way it has been done by the section of the media. We are well aware that there is a section of population in Kashmir which will do this. It has been happening since the 1983 when India played a cricket match against West Indies in Srinagar. So, it is an old history and we should not give them free play on our media. I don't think we should pay attention to such elements who are pro Pakistani as they don't run the majority in Kashmir."
National Panthers' Party leader Bhim Singh said, "A psychological war has been going on in Kashmir and not a physical war. There is nothing new." Earlier, Mirwaiz, the chairperson of the moderate faction of the Hurriyat, tweeted, "As we were finishing taraweeh, could hear the fire crackers bursting, well played team #Paksitan. Best of luck for the finals!" Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets to enter the Champions Trophy finals. Pakistan will now play the winner of the second semi-final between India and Bangladesh to be played today in Birmingham. (ANI)
UN to consult sides on restarting Cyprus peace talks
NICOSIA, Cyprus (AP) — A United Nations spokesperson says a U.N. official will sound out all sides involved in efforts to reunify ethnically divided Cyprus to see if conditions have ripened to resume peace talks.
U.N. deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq said Tuesday that the U.N. chief has asked Jane Holl Lute to carry out the consultations. It's unclear when exactly the contacts will begin.
Negotiations at a Swiss resort a year ago brought together the Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot leaders as well as top diplomats from the island's guarantors: Britain, Greece and Turkey. But the process collapsed after several days of intensive talks.
Lute is being asked to determine whether a yearlong period of "reflection" on the failed talks indicates the ground is again ready for a return to the negotiating table.
[India], May 30 (ANI): Nine tourists, including two minors, were arrested for allegedly assaulting a minor boy and molesting a minor girl in Calangute, Goa.
The Calangute Police have arrested all the nine accused, who all are natives of Pune, Maharashtra.
Police Inspector (PI) Jivba Dalvi told ANI that, the parent of the children appeared at the police station on Monday, and informed about the incident.
An FIR has been registered against the accused. (ANI)
MADRID (Reuters) - Spain will present a candidate for the position of vice president of the European Central Bank, though a final name had yet to be confirmed, Spain's government spokesperson Inigo Mendez de Vigo said on Friday.
“The government has not taken any decision on the candidature. The time limit is until Feb. 7 and we will announce a Spanish candidate. No decision has been made,” De Vigo said at the press conference following the weekly cabinet meeting.
Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos, who is rumoured to be Spain's candidate for the post, has said they are convinced the position would go to a Spaniard.
AP Explains: How computers "see" faces and other objects
Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this June 21, 2018 file photo, a face recognition camera is seen at the customs entry at Orlando International Airport in Orlando, Fla. Computers started to be able to recognize human faces in images decades ago. But now artificial intelligence systems are rivaling people's ability to classify objects in photos and videos. That's sparking increased interest from government agencies and businesses, which are eager to bestow vision skills on all sorts of machines. less FILE - In this June 21, 2018 file photo, a face recognition camera is seen at the customs entry at Orlando International Airport in Orlando, Fla. Computers started to be able to recognize human faces in images ... more Photo: John Raoux, AP AP Explains: How computers "see" faces and other objects 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Computers started to be able to recognize human faces in images decades ago, but now artificial intelligence systems are rivaling people's ability to classify objects in photos and videos.
That's sparking increased interest from government agencies and businesses, which are eager to bestow vision skills on all sorts of machines. Among them: self-driving cars, drones, personal robots, in-store cameras and medical scanners that can search for skin cancer. There are also our own phones, some of which can now be unlocked with a glance.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
Algorithms designed to detect facial features and recognize individual faces have grown more sophisticated since early efforts decades ago.
A common method has involved measuring facial dimensions, such as the distance between the nose and ear or from one corner of the eye to another. That information can then be broken down into numbers and matched to similar data extracted from other images. The closer they are, the better they match.
Such analysis is now aided by greater computing power and huge troves of digital imagery that can be easily stored and shared.
FROM FACES TO OBJECTS (AND PETS)
"Face recognition is an old topic. It's always been pretty good. What really got everyone's attention is object recognition," says Michael Brown, a computer science professor at Toronto's York University who helps organize the annual Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition.
Research over the past decade has focused on the development of brain-like neural networks that can automatically "learn" to recognize what's in an image by looking for patterns in big data sets. But humans continue to help make machines smarter by labeling photos, as happens when Facebook users tag a friend.
An annual image recognition competition that lasted from 2010 to 2017 drew top researchers from companies like Google and Microsoft. Among the revelations: computers can do better than humans at distinguishing between various Welsh corgi breeds, in part because they're better able to quickly absorb the knowledge it takes to make those distinctions.
But computers have been confused by more abstract forms, such as statues.
THE "CODED GAZE"
The growing use of face recognition by law enforcement has highlighted longstanding concerns about racial and gender bias.
A study led by MIT computer scientist Joy Buolamwini found that face recognition systems built by companies including IBM and Microsoft were much more likely to misidentify darker-skinned people, especially women. (Buolamwini called this effect "the coded gaze.") Both Microsoft and IBM recently announced efforts to make their systems less biased by using bigger and more diverse photo repositories to train their software.
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Theoretically, the death of the last male northern white rhino, named Sudan, assures the extinction of this subspecies of rhino
Published 3:33 PM, March 20, 2018
NAIROBI, Kenya – The last male northern white rhino has died in Kenya at the age of 45, their keepers announced Tuesday, March 20, leaving only two females of their subspecies alive.
The rhino, named Sudan, "was being treated for age-related complications that led to degenerative changes in muscles and bones combined with extensive skin wounds," according to a statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy where they lived under armed guard to prevent poaching.
"His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours; they were unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal. The veterinary team... made the decision to euthanize him."
Theoretically, the death of Sudan assures the extinction of this subspecies of rhino.
However scientists have gathered their genetic material and are working on developing in-vitro fertilization (IVF) techniques to preserve the subspecies.
The northern white rhino population in Uganda, Central African Republic, Sudan and Chad was largely wiped out during the poaching crisis of the 1970s and 80s, fueled by demand for rhino horn in traditional Chinese medicine in Asia and dagger handles in Yemen.
A final remaining wild population of about 20-30 rhinos in the Democratic Republic of Congo was killed in fighting in the late 90s and early 2000s, and by 2008 the northern white rhino was considered extinct in the wild.
Four fertile rhinos, two males and females, were moved from the Dvur Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic to Ol Pejeta in Kenya, with high hopes that conditions similar to their native habitat would encourage breeding.
However, despite the fact that they were seen mating, there were no successful pregnancies.
Further efforts to mate a male southern white rhino with the females – and thus conserve some of the northern white genes – were also unsuccessful.
The other male rhino, Suni, died of natural causes in October 2014.
"Sudan was the last northern white rhino that was born in the wild. Their death is a cruel symbol of human disregard for nature and it saddened everyone who knew him," said Jan Stejskal, Director of International Projects at the Dvur Kralove Zoo.
"But we should not give up. We must take advantage of the unique situation in which cellular technologies are utilized for conservation of critically endangered species. It may sound unbelievable, but thanks to the newly developed techniques even Sudan could still have an offspring." – Rappler.com
Self-serve touchscreen kiosks are heading to two of the largest cities in Kansas, dealing yet another blow to labors unions fighting for higher wages for an increasingly obsolete pool of low-skilled fast food workers.
The new McDonald's in Arkansas City, Kansas, opened its doors last month and introduced touchscreen ordering kiosks. According to Michael Lane of Lane Enterprises, McDonald's in the city of Wichita will feature the same kiosks in the coming weeks.
advertisement
“They're going to roll out nationally in every restaurant where it makes sense,” they said of McDonald's “Create Your Taste” touchscreen kiosks, which allow customers to customize their own meals and burgers.
The automated kiosks help mitigate long lines and wait times and also provide a remedy for local language barriers, providing ordering prompts in both English and Spanish.
Customers who use the kiosk to order will have their meal handed to them. The touch-screen kiosks are already a hit with customers, young and old.
“It's kind of interesting,” Lane said. “At first I thought it would just be a thing for millennials and younger people, but pretty much everybody from all generations is coming up to them.”
McDonald's is more than three years into its “Create Your Taste” touchscreen kiosks initiative, launched amid a labor union-backed push for minimum wage hikes – which are up for vote in several states and have been implemented by lawmakers in other major cities.
Panera Bread was among America's first food service outlets to head down the path of lower labor costs and service efficiency that self-serving kiosks provide and unveiled its “Panera 2.0” initiative in April 2014. Before Panera Bread, Chili's Grill & Bar began testing tablets that allow diners to order beverages and desserts and pay their entire bill, without having to flag down a server. An initial 180 tablets in a handful of Chili's restaurants soon ballooned into 45,000 tablets across 823 Chili's restaurants. The restaurant's executives called it “the largest rollout of tabletop tablets in the U.S.”
In March 2015, Breitbart News reported that Carl's Jr. and Hardee's restaurant chain CEO Andy Pudzer said they have plans to fully embrace automated machines.
“We could have a restaurant that's focused on all-natural products and is much like an Eatsa, where you order on a kiosk, you pay with a credit or debit card, your order pops up, and you never see a person,” Pudzer said after visiting a fully automated restaurant named Eatsa.
Pudzer said at the time that a completely employee-free restaurant is a business decision spurred on by disproportionate minimum wage hikes.
“With government driving up the cost of labor, it's driving down the number of jobs,” they said. “You're going to see automation not just in airports and grocery stores, but in restaurants as well.”
Last year, Business Insider‘s Hollis Johnson asked if 2016 was “the last stand of the fast-food worker?”
“Perhaps not,” Johnson notes. “But as automation and self-service kiosks develop, the way the fast-food industry manages and utilizes human labor will change drastically.”
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Peter Cohen has been angling for an investment banking comeback since they merged their Ramius alternatives investment shop with brokerage Cowen Group eight years ago. He's built on the firm's core healthcare franchise, but a slump in initial public offerings threatens their ambitions. Now the former Shearson chief executive, whose role in putting RJR Nabisco in play was chronicled in "Barbarians at the Gate", believes he's found a solution: Chinese cash and connections.
Cowen is raising $275 million in equity and debt from CEFC China, a fast-growing conglomerate run by Ye Jiangming that is also known as China Energy. Assuming regulators in both countries agree – which is not guaranteed, especially given jumpiness in China about splashy overseas deals - the Shanghai firm will get a 19.9 percent stake.
For both sides, the time is right. A slump in new equity offerings in the U.S. last year hit Cowen hard. Its investment banking revenue plunged 40 percent, pushing the firm into the red to the tune of $26 million. Prior to the CEFC deal, its stock was off nearly 50 percent from its 2015 highs and got only about half the bump as other investment banks did follow the U.S. election in November.
Cowen has expanded modestly into credit, prime brokerage and mergers and acquisitions. The Chinese deal means a bigger shopping budget, and potentially more business from mainland firms looking for U.S. listings.
For CEFC, the knowledge gained from owning a stake in Cowen could help boost its Shanghai securities business. It ranked a lowly 121st among the country's 125 brokerages by revenue in 2015, official data shows, but growth was respectable and the firm is looking to grow outside the mainland. It agreed last year to buy a Czech bank.
CEFC is one of numerous Chinese conglomerates chasing financial businesses abroad. But this seems like a better fit than some other recent deals, such as aviation-to-property group HNA's bid for fund-of-hedge-funds business SkyBridge, or China Oceanwide's $2.7 billion move on Genworth Financial, an ailing U.S. insurer. For one of investment banking's original barbarians, this is a good time to seek China's blessing.
NEW YORK, April 28 US companies have lined up at least US$42.5bn of loans to back a flurry of mergers in sectors ranging from healthcare to food and software in the second quarter as corporations try to grow by acquisition.
Becton Dickinson's US$24bn takeover of C R Bard in the investment grade medical device sector is the biggest of the year to date as the pipeline kicks back into life after a thin first quarter.
Near record stock markets and strong investor demand for debt are fuelling transactions that had been on hold due to volatility created by the US presidential election late last year.
“Company valuation multiples are elevated given the stock market, but rather than wait to realize growth, companies are willing to buy it through M&A," said Robert Smock, head of corporate advisory at MUFG.
Both investment-grade and leveraged companies have been on the acquisition trail as a pro-business climate prevails and many are raising loans to back purchases.
US meat processor Tyson Foods is buying packaged sandwich supplier AdvancePierre for an enterprise value of US$4.2bn including the target's debt, US paint maker PPG Industries raised its bid for Dutch rival Akzo Nobel to US$29bn, Luxembourg-based JAB Holdings agreed to buy Panera Bread for US$7.2bn and German healthcare group Fresenius will acquire US generic drugmaker Akorn for US$4.75bn.
“It feels as though this is a very good time to be selling assets,” said Jeff Cohen, co-head of global leveraged finance capital markets at Credit Suisse. “The credit markets are so constructive right now, and there is a large pool of private equity buyers along with strategic companies having large amounts of cash.”
M&A volume is closely tied to stock market performance and CEO sentiment, Smock noted.
“Given that the stock market is touching records and CEOs are generally constructive on business conditions, I expect continued support for M&A,” they said. “That said, we still must acknowledge the twin dark clouds of being far along into the business cycle, and geopolitical uncertainty.”
Financings for the current batch of deals includes a US$15.7bn bridge loan to support the Becton/Bard deal, with Citigroup as the sole lead arranger and bookrunner. Tyson Foods has also secured committed bridge financing from Morgan Stanley for the AdvancePierre deal.
The JAB/Panera financing details are expected shortly, bankers said, and PPG said in a regulatory filing that Goldman Sachs was preparing a full financing package to facilitate its proposed tie-up with Akzo.
RESURGENT M&A
Lending to highly-rated companies is dominating the current round of M&A, which was kick-started in early April by US drug distributor Cardinal Health's US$6.1bn deal to buy Medtronic's medical supplies units. The bid materialized days after Abbott Laboratories agreed at a lowered US$5.3bn price to its long-awaited purchase of diagnostic testing company Alere.
Becton Dickinson then piled in with the April 24 news of its acquisition of C R Bard, backed by the US$15.7bn bridge loan.
More deals are in the works. This week Cerberus was reported to be considering a bid via grocery store chain Albertsons for Whole Foods Market, which has a market cap of just under US$12bn.
The current pace of M&A is already topping an anemic first three months. Investment-grade companies raised only US$11bn of new money for acquisitions in the first quarter, which is the lowest quarterly volume since the fourth quarter of 2012, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data, but this is set to rise in the second quarter.
“Investment-grade lending tends to follow M&A volumes, and large-scale M&A has taken a relative pause since the elections,” said Jeff Nassof, a director at Freeman Consulting Services. “M&A market fundamentals are still solid though, so it's possible the Becton Dickinson/Bard deal triggers another wave of deals, and another wave of bridge financings.”
Leveraged M&A has been slow and steady but has lacked the blockbuster deals that investors have been calling for. The US$51.3bn of new money extended for leveraged M&A in the first quarter was the lowest quarterly tally since US$35.6bn in the same quarter four years ago, LPC data shows.
Investors are snapping up the few multi-billion-dollar loans. This week, UK financial software provider Misys, which is buying Canadian fintech company DH Corp, increased a loan package to about US$6.2bn from US$5.7bn after raising the dollar tranche of the dual-currency deal.
Blackstone in April financed its buyout of Aon Hewitt's technology-enabled benefits and human resources platform Tempo with an increased US$2.7bn loan, after reducing a bond and cutting loan pricing during syndication to 300bp over Libor from a spread of 325bp.
If sponsors can find a way of beating strategic corporate buyers flush with cash, even bigger buyout deals could be done, bankers said.
“I believe in today's market environment that a US$20bn LBO is very achievable,” Cohen said.
“Around US$10bn-US$15bn of debt financing for a deal in the non investment-grade market would be very well received,” they said. “And after seeing that deal get done, I'm sure investors would ask how quickly is the next one going to come out?” (Reporting by Lynn Adler and Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing By Tessa Walsh and Jon Methven)
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — Rhode Island proponents of legalizing recreational marijuana say they plan to boycott a legislative commission being formed to study legalization, describing it as a “flawed delay tactic.”
The state House of Representatives voted 67-2 on Wednesday in favor of a proposal to create a 22-person commission to examine how pot legalization has worked in other states.
The proposal now moves to the state Senate. The commission, if formed, would report its findings back next year.
The Regulate Rhode Island Coalition, which includes the state's NAACP chapter, says its members won't participate.
The group says the commission is an attempt to help lawmakers avoid voting on a measure that would legalize adult marijuana possession next year.
Top legislative leaders who favor the study group want to take a slower approach.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Things don't seem to be getting better for Farrah Abraham and their family.
The Teen Mom OG star broke down in tears while having lunch with their dad, Michael, on Monday's premiere as they talked about their mom's insistence that they need more therapy.
“It's so hurtful, the things that I feel when she's around me, and that they do with Sofia,” they said. “I have to take a break completely.”
A previous conversation with their mom, Debra, revealed that while they and Farrah were taking individual therapy sessions, Debra thinks their daughter needs more therapy.
“This is our first time together after we've been through some therapy,” Debra said. “I wanted to kind of talk about the plan going forward with the therapy and how you see us … making progress on our relationship.”
They continued: “I have been talking to a doctor and they had recommended therapy …”
“In regards to you?” Farrah asked. “Because I have my own thing, so it's more about you. Each individual has to work on their own thing.”
“Doctors told me that I was fine and didn't need therapy, Farrah,” Debra responded, as their daughter broke down in tears.
“I'm just trying to have a good, peaceful vibe,” Farrah told them “When you come here, I'm just really frustrated. You're not helping.”
FROM COINAGE: The Cost of Dancing With the Stars‘ Mirrorball Trophy
Later in the episode, while having lunch with their dad, Farrah noted that they have been getting along well, unlike them and Debra.
“She [said], ‘Oh, well, I talked to other doctors about you,'” Farrah told him. “It's not even about me on their personal side, but they made it about me …”
Farrah proceeded to break down in tears, and said, “It's hurt me. It hurts that I've seriously tried everything that I could do to have a good family and my family it still f—ed up. It just hurts.”
Them dad, attempting to console her, said, “Most families have challenges, we've got a little bit more than most because we're a little dysfunctional.”
“I know you want to make things work with your mom,” they continued. “But, unfortunately, the continuity is not there yet.”
Farrah, wiping their tears, stood by what they said earlier: “I'm just saying, if anybody has tried their hardest to have a great family, it's seriously me.”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
THE injury suffered by Liverpool star Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the Champions League semi-final win over Roma is ‘probably really bad' according to manager Jurgen Klopp.
The English international was stretchered off before the 20 minute mark of the clash which the Reds eventually won 5-2.
Speaking after the game, Klopp told BT Sport: “Oxlade, it's probably a really bad injury.
“If we can say that already before the scan, that's never good news so that means for us it's a massive blow, of course.
Camera Icon Liverpool's English midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (L) picks up an injury Picture: AFP
“We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get bigger in the moment, so we obviously need to be creative in the next few games.”
Oxlade was replaced by Gini Wijnaldum in the match as the reds strolled to a huge victory at Anfield.
The injury news also comes as a blow to England's World Cup hopes with the midfielder widely expected to have played a big role for the Three Lions in Russia on the back of their massively improved form since joining the Merseysiders from Arsenal.
Its unclear when a full diagnosis on their injur lay off will be confirmed, but their World Cup could well be in danger.
This week's roundup features Russian rockets, Chinese sex dolls, and the world's social media darling, Facebook. Here's the SciTech wRap for February 3, 2018!
Published 10:00 AM, February 03, 2018
This week in the SciTech wRap, Facebook says time the amount of time people are spending on the service has gone down, a social media firm is under inevstigation for selling fake followers to celebrities, and Russia claims it launched 11 satellites without any glitch whatsoever.
Here are some of the most impressive stories in science and technology from the week that's passed.
Time spent on Facebook is down, and that might be a good thing
Facebook reported earnings that beat expectations, though the social network's goal is now more on prioritizing personal interactions among users over the time they spend on the service.
Changes to Facebook meant people spent some 50 million hours less on the service daily, but CEO Mark Zuckerberg argued that having users engage more with friends' posts could lead to further financial opportunities for the company.
Social media firm under investigation for selling fake followers
The New York Attorney General opened an investigation into social media firm Devumi for selling fake followers to people on various social media outlets. The practice is a small part of a larger mosaic, one in which black market identity crafters sell fake accounts wholesale to social media firms, so they can sell the amassed fake followers to real social media users for status and standing online.
Russia launches 11 satellites 'without glitch'
Russia successfully launched 11 satellites from its Vostochny cosmodrome this week, the third rocket liftoff from the new spaceport, the Roscosmos space said.
"In accordance with the flight program, the Fregat upper-stage placed into orbit space vehicles of main and secondary payloads," the space agency said in a statement. They added the Soyuz rocket and the upper stage "performed without a glitch."
Sony's profits are up more than tenfold
Sony said its 9-month profit had soared more than tenfold. The company upgraded its annual profit forecast, expecting its annual net profit will reach 480 billion yen, up from an earlier estimate of 380 billion yen.
Sales of smartphone parts and the PlayStation game console are said to be the cause.
"Smart" sex dolls fill a void in China
It's not just your appliances that have gotten "smart" upgrades. In China, enterprising company EXDOLL is working to make sex dolls with "smart" functionality, allowing the sex doll to communicate with a smartphone app.
EXDOLL hopes to roll out more advanced robots in the future. These would have, it is hoped, artificial intelligence technology, complex facial expressions and body movements, voice recognition systems, and eyes that can follow people's movements.
– Rappler.com
(Adds Agrokor comment)
MOSCOW/ZAGREB, March 29 Croatia and a group of creditors to Agrokor plan to sign a "standstill agreement" this week to freeze debt repayments by the struggling food and retail group as part of debt restructuring talks, an official at Russia's VTB bank said.
"Standstill will be relatively short at the beginning ... a week or a month, not a year," Yuri Soloviev, first deputy chief executive at VTB, told reporters on Wednesday.
"Changes in the shareholding structure are possible following the debt restructuring," they said, adding VTB's exposure to Agrokor was around 300 million euros ($323 million).
Soloviev said the group of creditors was formed, and being chaired by, Russia's Sberbank, the biggest lender to Agrokor.
Creditors expect to work out a debt restructuring plan and also look at options for Agrokor to sell part of its business to cut debt.
Soloviev said the creditors may provide Agrokor with short-term liquidity too. "A local development bank may also provide guarantees to suppliers to continue supplies. A combination of short-term financing... and government support is possible."
Agrokor said it would soon release a statement about its current situation and future steps.
Earlier on Wednesday, the governor of the Croatian central bank said Agrokor's difficulties would not destabilise the country's financial system.
($1 = 0.9297 euros) (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova in Moscow and Igor Ilic in Zagreb; Writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Mark Potter)
QANTAS has just smashed its own speed record for the new Perth to London Boeing 787-9 non-stop flight slashing almost an hour off the scheduled flight time.
And for the first time the outbound flight to London (QF9), against the prevailing winds, was 6 minutes faster than the return trip (QF10).
The new record time was set on May 29 and was just 16 hours 29 minutes instead of the scheduled 17 hours 20 minutes.
QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA's north instead of Bali. The West Australian QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA's north instead of Bali.
In fact, it is understood that the flight crew of QF9 was cautioned on arriving too early. The 787-9 touched down at 4.36am…six minutes after Heathrow's curfew lifted.
Last month the outbound flight, QF10 from London to Perth set a record of 15.45 minutes stripping an hour off the published time.
The average speed for that journey was 938km/h but just before the descent into Perth, the plane was flying at a ground speed of 1114km/h.
The typical cruise speed for a 787 is 900km/h.
According to Flightradar24 the Qantas Perth to London and return service is now consistently beating the published schedule.
Check out our Art's Cameras Plus Picture of The Day! To submit your entry, send it to pictures@themorningblend.com.
April 6 Nikkei:
* Japanese movie studio Shochiku expected to post group operating profit of around 7.5 billion Yen ($67.6 million) for year ended February - Nikkei
* Shochiku Co Ltd's sales are seen up 3 percent at around 95.4 billion for the year ended february - Nikkei Source text (s.nikkei.com/2nIdAb2) Further company coverage:
Patriot Paws Service Dogs is an organization that provides service dogs to American veterans to help restore physical and emotional independence.
Patriot Paws was started in Rockwall, Texas, by a professional dog trainer who realized that disabled veterans were in desperate need of assistance dogs.
A veteran stated, "Fuzzy has made my life easier, keeps me calm and collected with my kids, and gives me a reason to get outside."
For more information on the organization and how to donate, go to the patriot paws' website.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Fashion retailer Jaeger, known for its classic British clothing ranges, has gone into administration, the administrators said in a statement, putting nearly 700 jobs at risk.
Jaeger, founded in 1884, is famous for its woollen coats and suits, but the company has struggled in the past few years to stand out in a fiercely competitive fashion retailing market.
The appointment of the administrators, AlixPartners, was made at the request of Jaeger's directors after attempts to sell the business were unsuccessful, the statement said.
"Regrettably despite an extensive sales process it has not been possible to identify a purchaser for the business," joint administrator Peter Saville said in the statement.
Jaeger has approximately 680 staff in its 46 stores, 63 concessions and head office in London and logistics centre in Kings Lynn in eastern England.
A person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday company had filed a notice to enter a form of creditor protection to buy it some breathing space after investment group Better Capital sold the retailer's debt to another company.
Jaeger provided clothing for Ernest Shackleton's Antarctic expedition and was famous for dressing film stars such as Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe. It went into administration in 2012 before being bought by Better Capital.
The administrators said the company would continue to trade while they worked with all stakeholders to find the most appropriate route forward.
(Reporting By Justin George Varghese in Bengaluru. Editing by Jane Merriman)
CTV Atlantic
A man is facing charges after Halifax District RCMP responded to a report of a stabbing in Cole Harbour, N.S. around 2:30 a.m. Sunday.
Police say the incident began as a brawl involving several people outside of Big Leagues Dining Room & Lounge on Cole Harbour Road.
The brawl was broken up before a second altercation occured in the parking lot of the Atlantic Superstore nearby. Police say a 22-year-old man was stabbed during the altercation, and was taken to hospital where they were treated for non-life threatening injuries and later released.
Police arrested a 29-year-old man from Dartmouth.  They are facing charges of assault with a weapon and possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose. The suspect is scheduled to appear in Dartmouth provincial court Monday morning.
Fox News owner and 21st Century Fox executive chairperson Rupert Murdoch will attend the White House state dinner for President Emmanuel Macron.
The news was first reported by the New York Times, although the official guest list has not been released.
Trump holds Murdoch in high esteem, frequently calling them for advice despite their criticism of the president on issues like illegal immigration.
Invitations for the dinner are in high demand, as First Lady Melania Trump opted for a smaller, more intimate dinner. Murdoch is the only media mogul confirmed to attend.
Only about 120 people are invited, about a third of the size of the typical guest list during the Obama years.
When Obama hosted French president Francois Hollande for dinner in 2014, they invited movie producer J.J. Abrams, actors Bradley Cooper and Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and comedian Stephen Colbert. They also hosted CNN president Jeff Zucker for the dinner.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – OPW Minister Kevin ‘Boxer' Moran has announced 9 million euro in funding for flood defence works in Galway city.
The funding is to construct defences outlined in the CFRAM – or Catchment Flood Risk and Management – plans for the city.
This announcement at City Hall comes just weeks ahead of the publication of final CFRAM reports by the OPW.
Minister Moran outlined their vision for the construction of flood defence works in phases or ‘cells' – which aims to ensure delays or objections will not hold up the entire project.
Also announced today was 500 thousand euro in funding for works at Sruffaunacashlaun Stream & Distillery Canal – which aim to alleviate flood risk to NUI Galway and the west side of the city.
Speaking to FYI Galway, Minister Moran says it's crucial the 9 million euro is spent effectively.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
In what appears to be the first reported fatal crash involving a self-driving vehicle and a pedestrian in the US, a woman was killed Sunday evening when they were struck by an Uber vehicle while walking outside of the crosswalk of a road in Tempe, Arizona.
The car was travelling about 40 miles per hour (65 kilometers per hour) in autonomous mode when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg about 10 p.m. local time (0400 UTC), according to the Tempe Police Department.
They were transferred to a local hospital where they died from their injuries. Tempe police said that the car was "in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel."
Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own. During tests, a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard.
Watch video 01:17 Share Germany presents ethical guidelines for self-driving cars Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2f4qd Germany presents ethical guidelines for self-driving cars
Read more: Daimler to build self-driving cars for Uber
Uber cooperating with probe
US road safety regulators sent investigators to examine the circumstances of the collision.
In a statement, Uber said that it was "fully cooperating with local authorities in the investigation.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi tweeted: "Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Swedish car brand Volvo confirmed that the Uber car was one of its XC90 SUVs, but said the autonomous software that had been controlling the vehicle was not its own.
All testing halted
As a result of the crash, Uber announced it had stopped testing the vehicles in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto and the greater Phoenix area.
When the company first began testing such cars in California in 2016, the vehicles were caught running red lights, leading to a high-profile dispute with California regulators.
The company noted that driverless cars "require human intervention in many conditions, including bad weather." It also said the new technology had the potential to reduce the number of traffic accidents in the country.
Not the first fatal crash
The accident is not the first time a self-driving car has been involved in a collision. A driver of a Tesla Motors. Model S car operating in autopilot mode was killed in a collision with a truck in Williston, Florida in 2016.
Read more: Self-driving bus collides with truck on its first day, human driver at fault
A self-driving vehicle operated by Alphabet Inc's Google was involved in a crash last year in Mountain View, California, striking a bus while attempting to navigate around an obstacle.
Uber already temporarily suspended its self-driving program in Arizona last year after a crash involving one of its vehicles, a Volvo SUV.
Watch video 02:04 Share What is autonomous driving? Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2spgu What is autonomous driving?
amp, uhe/jd (Reuters, dpa, AFP)
Adina Bresge, The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- Dozens of mourners marched in the rain to pay their respects to two foul-tempered fixtures of a Halifax community -- a pair of geese who were run down at a crosswalk.
They braved a downpour Saturday evening in Dartmouth to memorialize the fallen geese of Sullivan's Pond, in the heart of the Halifax suburb.
"It feels like a small tear in our spirit, and a little bit of loss," organizer Katy Jean eulogized. "Our geese are not just the geese. They're part of the community."
A musician crooned "Blackbird" by The Beatles in honour of the white birds before the memorial procession made its way to the intersection where the feathered pedestrians met their end.
Memorial attendees fastened flowers to poles on either side of a crosswalk where the geese were killed.
The duo was part of a gaggle of nine geese known to lazily waddle across the street, often during rush hour, oblivious to waiting cars as they finish sunbathing and make their way back to the pond.
Three of the geese were hit by a motorist last week, with one surviving, police said. No charges have been laid against the driver.
Some Dartmouth residents said the deaths raise concerns about road safety in the area.
Christine Ward-Paige said they often see cars driving recklessly as they and their two kids use the same crosswalk on their way to school.
"The geese for me are just a talking point ... for a bigger issue," Ward-Paige said. "Hopefully we can learn from this and try to protect our families."
Other parents fondly recalled taking their children to see the geese, warning them to hide their fingers from the testy birds.
"They're territorial," said John Hines, who has known the birds for 35 years. "(When) my son was a very young boy, they used to snap at their toes."
Jean, who is known for their Twitter poems, said the birds are attuned to Dartmouth's rhythms -- warning of winter with their southern migration, and signalling summer upon their return.
They said as the birds make their routine crossings to and from the water, they have seen walkers become runners, parents go from pushing strollers to wrangling toddlers and night owls stumbling home after one beer too many.
The birds have been featured in the backdrop of countless prom pictures, Jean said, and "immortalized" by local artists, including a fowl recreation of The Beatles stroll across Abbey Road.
Saturday's "light-hearted memorial" was met with some degree of online backlash, Jean said, but they never meant to attract attention, they just wanted to mourn the geese that perished and celebrate the seven that remain.
"We all individually appreciate the geese, but I truly hope they appreciate us as well," they said. "Let's watch them a little bit longer, wonder what it would be like to pat them for a little bit, and smile at their laid-back waddle."
A MAN allegedly bomb-dived into the windscreen of a moving car near the Todd Mall in Alice Springs, shattering its glass.
Motorist Adam Martlew said they were diving along Gregory Tce when the man launched themselves at their windscreen. The man became stuck in the shattered screen but dislodged themselves as Mr Martlew slowed down.
The man ran from the scene and has not been found by police. Mr Martlew also escaped the incident unharmed.
“I could not believe it,” they said. “Who jumps onto a moving car? Fair dinkum.
“I was driving towards the river, heading home, and I was almost at Todd Mall when I spotted a male out of the corner of my eye, running at my car.
“He leapt off the footpath, jumped and came back-first on to my windscreen. It was like they were jumping into a pool.”
The 40-year-old said they slowed down and the man “rolled off” before they could find a safe place to stop. Police were on scene moments later, but hadn't witnessed the event, while security cameras were found to have been facing the other direction.
Mr Martlew said they were now up for a windscreen repair costing more than $300.
Cracks extended all the way across the windscreen and the top was peeling away from the body of the vehicle.
“I can't believe they didn't go through it.,” Mr Martlew said.
“I got showered in glass as well. I thought they were going to end up in my lap.”
Mr Martlew said they were thankful their wife and daughter were not in the vehicle at the time.
Alice Springs Division Acting Superintendent Shaun Furniss said the incident was under investigation.
“Police would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed a male run out of the Todd Mall on to Gregory Terrace and jump on to the bonnet of a moving vehicle,” Acting Supt Furniss said.
“The male was described as of indigenous appearance, wearing black pants and a dark coloured T-shirt.”
AN elderly NSW woman has become the sixth Australian to die in the current rockmelon-related listeria outbreak.
The woman in their 90s had significant underlying health conditions, NSW Health said in a statement today.
Camera Icon Picture: Supplied
Three Victorians and three people from NSW have now died as a result of the outbreak which was first revealed in February.
RELATED NEWS
ROCKMELON FARM LINKED TO LISTERIA OUTBREAK
LISTERIA OUTBREAK ROCKS MELON INDUSTRY
Nineteen people have been infected including the six who subsequently died.
More to come
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding them the symbolic $1 they were countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
Scroll for more content...
Breaking with their House Republican counterparts, the Senate Intelligence Committee said Tuesday that the intelligence community properly concluded in January of last year that Russian President Vladimir Putin was trying to help Donald Trump when Moscow meddled in the 2016 election.
The Senate panel released a summary Tuesday of its examination of the intelligence community's January 2017 assessment, which laid out the case of Russia's election meddling and concluded that Putin was trying to help Trump win.
The Senate report said that the intelligence community's assessment of Russia's intentions were sound, which is at odds with the House Intelligence Committee Republicans' report that found "significant intelligence tradecraft failings" in the assessment of Putin's objectives.
"The Committee has spent the last 16 months reviewing the sources, tradecraft and analytic work underpinning the Intelligence Community Assessment and sees no reason to dispute the conclusions," Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr said in a statement, reiterating what they had initially said in May.
The unclassified summary released on Tuesday provides details on why the Senate Intelligence Committee agreed with the intelligence community that Russia was trying to help Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton's campaign.
The conclusion has been affirmed by Trump's entire national security team, but the President themselves has repeatedly refused to state that Russia was meddling to help him.
"Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election!" Trump tweeted last week.
Trump's assertion was given a boost in March by the House Intelligence Committee Republicans, who also stated in their report that they had no evidence of collusion between members of Trump's team and Russian officials.
The House committee wrote that it "identified significant intelligence tradecraft failings that undermine confidence in the ICA (Intelligence Community Assessment) judgments regarding Russian President Vladimir Putin's strategic objectives for disrupting the U.S. election."
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee charged that the Republican investigation was intended to help protect Trump, not uncover collusion, and they have questioned the Republicans' findings about the intelligence community report.
The Senate Intelligence Committee reached a different conclusion that has bipartisan support, which found that the assessment was "a sound intelligence product."
The committee said that the intelligence community assessment relied on public Russian leadership commentary, Russian state media reports, public examples where Russian interests aligned with US candidate policy statements, and "a body of intelligence reporting supporting the assessment that Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for Trump."
The Senate summary noted there were different confidence levels between the National Security Agency and the CIA and FBI about whether Putin and the Russian government were aspiring to help Trump; the CIA and FBI assessed with "high confidence" and the NSA with "moderate confidence." But the committee wrote that its examination found that "the analytical disagreement was reasonable, transparent, and openly debated among the agencies and analysts, with analysts, managers, and agency heads on both sides of the confidence level articulately justifying their positions."
"In all the interviews of those who drafted and prepared the ICA, the committee heard consistently that analysts were under no politically motivated pressure to reach any conclusions," the committee wrote. "All analysts expressed that they were free to debate, object to content, and assess confidence levels, as is normal and proper for the analytic process."
A A
LONGVIEW — The starters were on the bench for the last few minutes.
Sure, they were celebrating their win. They knew the significance of the victory.
But they also were watching the reserves do their thing.
At Woodland, after all, the Beavers are trying to build a boys basketball program for today and tomorrow, not just for the now.
Woodland (15-5) topped R.A. Long on Tuesday night 69-51 in the semifinals of the Class 2A District 4 tournament, earning a trip to the regional round of the state tournament. And they did it together.
“We dream about this moment, to get all the guys in the game,” said senior Bryce Mulder, who led the Beavers with 19 points.
“It's an amazing feeling to get all the secondary guys in,” added Tanner Sixberry, who added 18 points. “They work so hard in practice. Nice that it pays off for them, too.”
The Beavers got so much time because the key guys did their job all night, turning a close game into a runaway for reach the district championship game.
Woodland will face Mark Morris at St. Martin's University in Lacey on Friday for the title. Win or lose, the Beavers have at least made it to the state's round of 16.
“Win and you're in, and that's what we did tonight,” Woodland coach Andrew Johnson said.
They also credited R.A. Long (12-9) for the competition, adding that the final score did not tell the whole story.
“Every possession, they made us work for it,” Johnson said. “They made us earn it tonight.”
The Beavers did that by owning the boards and a quality defense that held R.A. Long to 32 points through three quarters.
Mulder and Palmer Dinehart each grabbed 10 rebounds. Sixberry had six, plus two blocked shots.
“Two keys to every game: Defense and rebounding,” Johnson said. “Defense will win you games. Rebounds really put teams away. When those three play like that … it's great for us.”
R.A. Long had a 14-12 lead toward the end of the first quarter but Woodland would go on a 12-0 run to take the lead for good. Mulder, Dinehart, and Sixberry scored those 12 points.
“We knew they were going to zone us. We knew nothing was going to be easy,” Sixberry said. “We were going to have to grind it out.”
Tyler Flanagan would make two 3-pointers in the second quarter to push the lead to 12 by halftime.
Mulder credited the Woodland guards for attacking that zone, something the Beavers had struggled with earlier in the season.
“They stepped it up, and they also played really great defense,” Mulder said. “It was a group effort guarding them tonight.”
It was all Woodland in the third quarter, too, with the Beavers going up 20.
The lead grew to 22 before R.A. Long's last push made it a 13-point game with five minutes to play. Coby Rothwell led R.A. Long with 13 points.
Devin Rice answered for Woodland, staring a 9-0 run to end any doubts.
Then it was time for the starters to head to the bench, to cheer on the next wave of Beavers.
“I remember going in to a district game as a first-year student,” Mulder said. “It's fun. It's going to help them in the future.”
A year ago, the Beavers reached the state regional round, then won that elimination game to advance to the quarterfinals at the Yakima Valley SunDome. Woodland would love to repeat that performance. The Beavers have earned their shot.
“You work every day in practice, all offseason, and you dream about going to state,” Mulder said. “Be with your friends, your teammates. To go back two years in a row, it's everything to us.”
WOODLAND 69, R.A. LONG 51
WOODLAND — Bryce Mulder 19, Josh Pascual 0, Wyatt Harsh 2, Palmer Dinehart 11, Tyler Flanagan 11, Tanner Sixberry 18, Tristan Thomas 0, Devin Rice 5, Alex Bishop 3, Tim Gerega 0, Isaiah Flanagan 0. Totals 25 (4) 15-25 69.
R.A. LONG — Marcus Maryott 0, Coby Rothwell 13, Ty Lewis-Clark 9, Conner Wallace 5, Keoni Mawae 2, Jacob Childers 7, Jacob Thompson 4, Tanner Rybnikar 2, Nolan Plank 5, Chandler Lyon 0, Cole Katera 2, Dana Cathart 2. Totals 13 (3) 22-27 51.
Woodland 18 16 18 17–69
R.A. Long 14 8 10 19–51
Joao Caetano has managed to capture an eery sound on their mobile phone near the southern coast of England.
The town itself is accustomed to strange sounds, and what is known as the ‘Plymouth Hum' – an unexplained low level humming that researchers have not been able to explain for many years.
In reference to the hum, hundreds of people have claimed to hear it, with some saying it has affected their lives, for example by not being able to sleep because of the sound.
The recording on the video however seems to be something else, as it is audible to all.
Apocalyptic trumpets anyone?
Sereno says the JBC has declared their integrity when it shortlisted them and other nominees to the chief justice post even despite incomplete submission of SALNs
Published 10:49 AM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno defended their incomplete submission of Statements of Assets, Liabilities, and Net Worth (SALNs) to the Judicial and Bar Council (JBC) by saying that other Chief Justice nominees in 2012 did not submit all their SALNs too.
Saying that “the submission of the SALNs to the JBC was not an absolute requirement,” Sereno listed down other nominees for the post in 2012 who “failed to submit to the jBC one or some of their SALNs.”
Acting Chief Justice Antonio Carpio Associate Justice Teresita Leonardo De Castro Former associate justice Arturo Brion Former associate justice Roberto Abad Former member of congress Ronaldo Zamora Senator Leila de Lima ICC Judge Raul Pangalangan Former election chairperson Andres Bautista Former election commissioner Rene Sarmiento Retired Judge Manuel Siayngco Dean Amado Valdez Atty Soledad-Cagampang De Castro Professor Maria Carolina Legarda
“Nevertheless, they were considered to have substantially complied with the SALN requirement, and hence were interviewed for the position,” Sereno said.
Carpio, De Castro, Brion, Abad and Zamora were shortlisted with them Sereno said they “were found by the JBC to have been in substantial compliance with that documentary requirement.”
How does this relate to their defense? Sereno said this in their 77-page comment submitted to the Supreme Court (SC) which will deliberate the quo warranto petition to remove them
This is how they build up their defense.
Solicitor General Jose Calida, in their petition, said the Constitution requires that a member of the judiciary must have “integrity.”
Sereno said that determining the integrity of a judiciary member is a task “constitutionally committed to the JBC.”
“The issue of whether the Chief Justice was a person of proven integrity is a political question which only the JBC could answer, and it did so in the affirmative when it included the name of the Chief Justice in the shortlist of nominees for the position of Chief Justice,” Sereno said.
How will this play at the SC en banc? The issue of incomplete submission of SALNs is a tricky business in the current climate of the en banc.
In their session on February 20, the en banc required Sereno to explain the letter they sent to the JBC in 2012 asking that they be exempted from the requirement to submit all their SALNs because it's difficult to find them.
On the next en banc session, February 27, justices pressured Sereno to go on indefinite leave and the tipping point was this very issue, insiders told Rappler.
Some justices felt disrespected that Sereno wouldn't talk with them about it, when they were their co-equals at the Court.
A reliable source said Sereno has complied with the order to explain, but that they merely said it was moot, seeing that they would answer the same issue in the quo warranto petition.
Meanwhile, the House justice committee has approved 6 articles of impeachment against Sereno, with the SALN issue topping the list. – Rappler.com
Canadian expert says their analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says their office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying they helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says their office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says their ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
[India], Feb 3. (ANI): Union Drinking Water and Sanitation Minister Uma Bharti was reportedly admitted to the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here on Saturday.
They were admitted to the hospital after they complained of "severe knee pain".
Bharti is undergoing treatment at the hospital's new private ward. (ANI)
NEW YORK — A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said they were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that they made the bomb in their Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching their apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!”'
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” they said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.“
———
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
April 5 H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB
* H&M Foundation buys 40,000 shares at SEK 227.26 according to an update of the Swedish FSA's insider registry on Wednesday
* Filing with FSA done in the name of H&M CEO Karl-Johan Persson Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
We asked people who attended the Melbourne dawn service at the Shrine what ANZAC Day means to them
DENVER (AP) — Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for their ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying they had failed to prove that they sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted them U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to their mother and others on their team, but that they never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Them mother tearfully testified that they asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. They also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift, they insisted they were groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” they added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately, insisting they touched only their ribs and may have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below their waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after they were groped, they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them.
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that they asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter, they said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want them to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. They said they didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
Farrah Abraham says their mother, Debra Danielsen, “evil” after Danielsen claimed the former Teen Mom OG alum suffered from multiple mental illnesses.
Danielsen, 60, revealed their concern for their daughter's mental health during an appearance on Shot Topics Monday morning, claiming the TV reality star, 26, was a narcissist who suffered from Borderline Personality Disorder.
“If you have Borderline Personality Disorder, if you have narcissism, any of these kinds of things, they're all highly treatable,” Danielsen said. “All is not lost, but I will say that deep down inside I know my daughter.  They are kind, loving and they are sweet and very compassionate. I think they work extremely hard, I think they just needs to step back a moment, and take some time and get healthy and take time for them so they can heal.”
However, Abraham told PEOPLE in a statement Monday, that their mother's comments were been very hurtful and they were “sad to hear my own mother would say these untrue things about their own child.”
“It's evil and alarming. After all these years, I still have their best interests at heart,” Abraham continued.
Farrah Abraham and their mother Debra Danielsen
RELATED: Teen Mom Star Farrah Abraham and Them Mother Debra Danielsen: Inside Their Ups & Downs
The star admits they do have their struggles but denied suffering from what their mother suggested.
“Clinically & honestly, none of my TV show therapists & personal therapist have all said I'm balanced. I started therepy [sic] in my past at the age of 14 due to my mother and I are not getting along as our family therapist sided with me about my safety and my life choices that my mother has never been supportive or caring to help guide their own children.”
Abraham said their therapists “have come to the conclusion my mother is jealous” of them
“I always wish my mother the best as I attended their wedding supporting them Saying horrible things about your own child after I'm the only one who has ever strived to overlook their demons they fight daily against this brings sadness to our family and I wish them all the best for the sake of my health & safety I wish them all the best,” Abraham said.
Debra Danielsen (second from left) at their wedding with friends and daughter and Farrah Abraham (far right). Farrah Abraham/Instagram
They added, “I hope they have enjoyed the Teen Mom MTV ride that Sophia brought to their life as I'm moving on from that toxic environment they dwell in. I hope they cease talking about me since they do not love me they do not need to speak about me to stay relevant in a disgustingly hateful way. God Bless.”
Danielsen did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment on Monday.
The mother and daughter have had a fraught relationship for years, which was initially captured on camera for MTV's 16 and Pregnant. In 2010, Danielsen was arrested on suspicion of domestic abuse after they and Abraham, then 18, allegedly began arguing over childcare for the reality star's daughter Sophia.
TMZ reported that Danielsen allegedly grabbed Abraham by the throat and then hit them Abraham ultimately dropped the charges, according to E! News.
RELATED VIDEO: Adult Entertainer Farrah Abraham Unleashes After She's Told Teen Mom ‘Can't Continue' to Film Them
In March of 2017, during an episode of Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars Family Edition — a program which Abraham appeared on with both their mother and their father to try and improve their relationship — the two got into an altercation when Danielsen decided to skip out on family therapy to go to a beer festival with their then-boyfriend.
“I like to be surprised, I like to go on little trips, too, but now when it's a family boot camp and you need to be working on your family …” Abraham said.
“I'm not going to lose my boyfriend,” Danielsen responded.
RELATED: Teen Mom OG Star Farrah Abraham's Biggest Feuds with Them Costars & Family
“You can lose your daughter because you want to choose a man over your daughter,” Abraham replied.
However, in November, the pair seemed to have patched up their relationship as Abraham not only attended their mother's wedding but also served as their honorary maid of honor.
“This is going in the family books!” Abraham captioned a series of images shared to social media. ”Congrats! To my mom & stepdad 🎉✨💍 #tiedtheknot #married #wedding.”
Abraham shared inside photos from the ceremony to Instagram on Nov. 6, including snapshots of the wedding invitations and favors for attendees that read, “You Call It Madness. We Call It Family.”
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
ZURICH Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) is conducting an internal investigation over whether staff breached compliance rules after three of its offices were searched in tax evasion probes, the head of its International Wealth Management division said on Friday.
"The investigation will be executed by compliance, it will not be executed by the business," Iqbal Khan, who is responsible for Credit Suisse's private banking operations outside Switzerland and Asia Pacific, said in a telephone interview with Reuters.
"If any individuals are implicated or have violated against these processes or procedures or policies that are in place then we will identify that very quickly."
One Republican member of congress says he's going to start carrying a gun in public after a gunman opened fire on a baseball practice, injuring Rep. Steve Scalise and several others. Some lawmakers want beefed up security at town halls.
Wednesday's shooting jolted many lawmakers, leaving them feeling vulnerable. And as the political rhetoric becomes more shrill, many members of Congress said they are receiving more threats, by email and by phone.
Shortly after the shooting, Rep. Claudia Tenney, R-N.Y., received an email. The subject line: “One down, 216 to go…”
There are 238 Republicans in the House, but 217 voted for a bill that would repeal and replace President Barack Obama's health law. It was unclear whether the email writer was referring to that vote.
Tenney's spokesperson, Hannah Andrews, said the office alerted U.S. Capitol Police.
Two weeks ago, the Capitol police dispatched two officers to the Houston district of Rep. Al Green, D-Texas. Green said their office got threatening phone calls after they called for President Donald Trump to be impeached.
Green, who is black, said the callers called them the N-word and said they should be lynched.
“Since May, someone has threatened to shoot Rep. (Martha) McSally in the head. Someone tried to run Rep. (David) Kustoff off the road with their car, and now a man seemingly attempted to assassinate several members of Congress at a baseball practice,” said Rep. Ralph Abraham, R-La. “I know we're a divided country, but Americans do not settle political disagreements with violence.”
McSally is a Republican from Arizona and Kustoff is a Republican from Tennessee.
The U.S. Capitol is one of the best-guarded buildings in the country, but when the vast majority of lawmakers leave the fortress of Capitol Hill, they're on their own. Wednesday's shooting highlights the vulnerability of lawmakers when they are in public. Only the congressional leaders have security details.
Rep. Chris Collins, R-N.Y., told a Buffalo radio station that they plan to start carrying a gun in public.
“It's going to be in my pocket from this day forward,” said Collins, who added they have a permit.
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., said they feel adequately protected at the Capitol complex and feels no need to carry a gun.
“That's the wrong way to approach this. We've got Capitol police coming out of every office in the Capitol complex,” Duncan said.
As majority whip, Scalise is the third-ranking Republican in the House. That's the only reason members of the U.S. Capitol Police were at the practice — rank-and-file senators and House members don't get security details.
“I think the security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter,” said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas. Barton manages the baseball team.
Two officers were injured along with a congressional aide and a lobbyist. The assailant later died after the incident.
Attacks on members of Congress are rare. In 2011, a gunman shot Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz., in the head during a shooting rampage at a public event outside a grocery store in Tucson. The gunman killed six people and wounded 13, including Giffords.
The last sitting member of Congress who was killed in the U.S. was Sen. Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, while they were running for president. Two others were killed abroad.
Incidents at the Capitol are more common, even though the ornate tourist attraction is ringed with heavily armed Capitol Police and metal detectors at every entrance.
Last year, Capitol police shot and wounded a Tennessee minister who, they said, pulled a gun and pointed it at officers as they were entering the Capitol Visitor Center. In 2015, a former postal worker from Florida flew a one-man gyrocopter onto the lawn of the Capitol. They said they were protesting the influence of money in politics.
One of the worst incidents happened in 1998, when a gunman stormed through a Capitol door and shot and killed two members of the Capitol police, detective John Gibson and officer Jacob Chestnut.
After Wednesday's shooting, some lawmakers said they would look into having more security when they gather in large numbers. But with 535 members of the House and Senate, lawmakers said it is unlikely rank-and-file members will get security details unless there is a specific threat.
“I don't think about it every day. You can't think about it every day. It makes you feel vulnerable,” said Rep. Patrick Meehan, R-Pa., a pitcher on the baseball team. “I don't know how you look at security for individual members. You might at things in which we are collectively together.”
___
Associated Press writer Melinda Deslatte in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, contributed to this report.
April 28 Jaguar Animal Health Inc
* Jaguar signs distribution agreement for japan for neonorm foal & neonorm calf
* Jaguar animal health inc - signed exclusive distribution agreement with jp equine services for distribution of jaguar's lead non-prescription products
* Jaguar animal health inc - has signed an exclusive distribution agreement for neonormfoal and neonorm calf, in japan
* Jaguar animal health inc - company was notified that nasdaq hearings panel determined to grant company's request for continued listing on nasdaq Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Roscommon Senior Football Team Manager Kevin McStay has named Conor Devaney as Captain of the Roscommon Senior Football team for 2018. Conor, a member of the Kilbride GAA Club, was an All-Star nominee this year 2017, won an All-Ireland minor medal in 2006 and has to date made 85 appearances in the Roscommon Jersey.
In addition, Conor was Roscommon's leading scorer from play in this year's Connacht championship scoring 2-4 from half-back
Conor replaces Ciaráin Murtagh who has captained the Roscommon team for the past two years.
As well as naming a new Captain the Roscommon management has also named Diarmuid Murtagh and David Murray as the two vice-captains for 2018.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TIMBERLAKE, N.C. -- A North Carolina woman says their insurance was canceled because of a picture of their dog on Facebook.
Melina Efthimiadis and their husband say they are low-risk clients. However, when they tried to add personal umbrella liability to their homeowner's insurance, Nationwide canceled their policy, according to WTVD.
Efthimiadis said they had included the family's three dogs – a Shih Tzu, a hound and a Lab/hound mix – on the application, but the company claimed they had failed to disclose that they owned a Rottweiler mix, considered a dangerous breed.
The mix-up apparently came from Efthimiadis' own Facebook photo of their pups playing in the snow.
"They sent us the pictures that they had taken off of my Facebook page of my dog Zeus who is a Lab/hound mix," they told WTVD.
Melina, who works as a veterinarian, was able to prove it to the company and Nationwide Insurance reversed its decision.
In the end, however, Melina said they decided to switch to another insurance company anyway.
"Be careful of what you post on Facebook," they told the station. "It's sad that you can't post pictures of your beloved pet on your own Facebook page and have it public."
April 3 Co Asia Holdings Co Ltd :
* Says 5 billion won worth of its second series convertible bonds have been converted into 933,357 shares of the co, at 5,357 won/share
* Says listing date of new shares is April 21
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/mrLFpY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Early adopters see gains from robotics
Implementing robotic process automation can result in big savings for financial service institutions.
Apart from cost savings and fast implementation time, institutions can reduce the turnaround time to complete a process significantly, with early indicators pointing to a reduction of turnaround time by 50% to 90%.
An IDC Financial Insights report titled “Robotic Process Automation in Asia/Pacific Financial Services: Key Learnings from 10 Early Adopters” identifies the top early adopters of robotic process automation (RPA) as seen in Asia/ Pacific (excluding Japan) banks and insurance companies.
The report highlights a list of financial services institutions (FSIs) such as ANZ Bank, DBS Bank, OCBC Bank, UOB, ICICI Bank, ICICI Lombard, and Prudential Life Assurance; and their early success in adopting Robotic Process Automation (RPA) initiatives. The report also details an early assessment of the benefits and drawbacks of RPA that banking and financial service institutions need to consider ensuring RPA deployments are done right and deliver quickly on their promise.
Michael Araneta, associate vice-president of IDC Financial Insights Asia/Pacific, says: “Aside from the 10 early adopters, we note of many more implementations at the pilot stage in 2018, with other FSIs fervently waiting to take their first step. We expect continued growth in the next two to three years as more institutions appreciate the overall quick-to-realize benefits, more use cases are presented in the market, and better and advanced product propositions are made available by RPA vendors.”
The reports find that FSIs can achieve costs savings in the range of 30% to 60%. However, actual numbers would ultimately vary based on the cost base, the market, the business process itself, the investments needed to support RPA, and so forth.
The implementation time required for RPSs is also short, usually ranging from six to 12 weeks, and the initial investment can be recovered in anything between 10 months and two years.
The majority of RPA deployments until now are at the basic level of automation.
“The real game changer for FSIs will be the use of cognitive RPA, where cognitive technologies and advanced analytics are combined with RPA,” says Sneha Kapoor, senior research manager at IDC Asia Pacific. “With its ability to deal with data from multiple and disparate sources, cognitive RPA can deliver by designing and launching on-demand, usage-based products that align with current market expectations.”
Next-generation security will also gain attention, as these systems can monitor activity in real time and capture “bad actor” transactions even if they are outside of the rules-based or heuristic capabilities of other fraud prevention systems.
Ever dreamt of being a spy? It seems you're not alone.
Almost 20,000 people applied for work at Australia's domestic intelligence agency last year - but only a few hundred had any success.
ASIO ran 54 recruitment campaigns throughout 2015 and 2016, spending nearly $800,000 on advertising, a new parliamentary committee report reveals.
It received 12,997 applications, from which 278 candidates were either given a job or placed in a merit pool.
On top of that, more than 6500 applications were submitted to ASIO's online employment register, with people selected for a variety of vacancies.
ASIO has 1880 staff, 45 per cent of them women.
A majority (71 per cent) are based in Canberra, while 106 are from non-English speaking backgrounds, 10 identified as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander and 18 had a disability.
The report, tabled in parliament on Tuesday, also noted the increased level of threat to personal safety of ASIO staff.
In its submission, the agency said reporting of suspicious activities and behaviours in and around ASIO premises had risen.
It has introduced new staff-tracking and duress alert technologies to support operatives, enhanced security measures at its headquarters - including more armed AFP officers - and a suite of improved safety and security training.
ASIO recorded a $5.4 million operating loss in 2015-16, noting its financial position continues to be under pressure due to the nature and number of investigations, the heightened security environment and rising business costs.
Originally published as Thousands of Aussies want to be spies
[India], December 11 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Monday refused to defer the final hearing on a number of petitions challenging the Tamil Nadu's Jallikattu Act.
"Whatever you have to say, say it during the tomorrow's hearing", the Chief Justice of India (CJI), Dipak Misra, told Tamil Nadu counsel who sought adjournment.
On November 6, the Apex Court had issued a notice to the Tamil Nadu Government and sought its reply on PETA's plea to put an end to Jallikattu, the bull-taming sport of the state.
The Apex Court bench headed by Misra has sought a reply for the same within four weeks. Earlier in February, the PETA had said that it will move the Supreme Court in a bid to put an end to Jallikattu and Kambala, the buffalo race of Karnataka, challenging the legislation passed by the assemblies of both the states for allowing these sports to be played. On January 31, the top court refused to stay the new legislation while hearing the petitions of a number of animal welfare bodies. However, it had permitted the associations to amend their pending petitions for challenging the law. (ANI)
UPDATE 1-Kazakh Halyk Bank to inject $585 mln into KKB after takeover
ALMATY, June 15 Kazakhstan's Halyk Bank , said on Thursday it would inject 185 billion tenges ($585 million) into Kazkommertsbank after buying almost full control of the troubled lender.
PNP Bicol reports that since January there have been 50 election-related shooting incidents since January in Masbate
Published 10:40 AM, April 25, 2018
LEGAZPI CITY, Philippines – With barangay elections less than a month away, the Philippine National Police will again keep a tight watch on the island province of Masbate, which has gained notoriety for election violence.
Th PNP Police Regional Office 5 activated the Regional Special Operation Task Force (RSOTF) to prevent election-related incidents in Bicol with emphasis on Masbate.
Police Chief Superintendent Antonio Gardiola, the PNP regional director for Bicol, said the revival of the RSOTF was prompted by the 50 election-related shooting incidents reported since January in Masbate alone.
(READ: Barangay, SK elections 2018: Calendar of activities, list of bans)
Masbate has always been tagged as an election hotspot by the Comelec and PNP because of intense political rivalries, presence of partisan political armed groups including the New People's Army (NPA) rebels, and proliferation of illegal firearms.
Gardiola said RSOTF is also tasked to maintain peace and order in areas considered as election areas of concern to prevent lawless elements from disrupting the barangay polls on May 14.
Police Senior Inspector Malu Calubaquib, PRO 5 spokesperson, said the Comelec has identified at least 666 villages out of 3,471 barangays as hotspots based on the 2013 barangay election.
“Most of the 666 Bicol hotspot villages were from Masbate,” Calubaquib said.
(READ: Rules on campaign ads, materials for barangay, SK elections 2018)
As this developed, at least 102,407 candidates filed their certificates of candidacy (COC) for various seats in the upcoming barangay and Sanguniang Kabataan (SK) elections in Bicol.
Maria Juana Valeza, the Comelec regional director, said ithat there are 7,639 candidates running for Punong Barangay (village chief), and 55,415 for village councillors or kagawads here.
In the SK level, 7,315 candidates filed for chairperson while 32,038 for councilors or kagawad battling for 55,536 barangays and SK positions.
"The filing of COCs was peaceful and successful, I can say that we are 95 percent prepared to conduct the barangay and SK elections. We are just waiting for the delivery of the accountable forms, or ballots and election returns," Valeza said.
They said that all the ballot boxes have been delivered to polling centers. Valeza said all provincial directors will submit the COCs to Manila central office on Tuesday. – Rappler. com
[India], June 15 (ANI): Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) leader M.K. Stalin raised the issue of the 'Cash for Vote' MLA sting in the Tamil Nadu Assembly on Thursday for the second consecutive day.
On Speaker P. Dhanapal's refusal to discuss the topic on the floor of the House, the DMK and the Congress staged a walkout from the Assembly.
After the walkout, Stalin addressed the media and said, "Today again I was denied permission to raise MLA sting issue in the Assembly by the Speaker. In protest, we staged a walkout."
"We have sought an appointment with the Governor.  They are out of town. We will meet them soon as they are back," they added.
Stalin further said that the current All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) government should be dissolved.
"They should go for a CBI investigation to prove themselves that if they are clean," they added.
Yesterday, the Tamil Nadu Assembly saw a huge showdown between the ruling AIADMK and the DMK over the MLAs sting operation in a session, which was earlier being expected to be crucial for paving the way for the rollout of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill on July 1.
Though the bill was tabled in the Assembly and passed successfully, a ruckus was created when Stalin raised the issue of "cash for MLA" expose, carried out few days before by a Engligh news channel.
Dhanapal refused to discuss the issue on the floor of the House as it was subjudice.
They further said the issue cannot be discussed also because there was no major proof to substantiate it as it only came out in the media.
Following this, the DMK MLAs showed pamphlets written "MLAs for sale" over them as a mark of protest against the Speaker's assertions.
Dhanapal supported their statements by citing the Nira Radia tape case that happened in the DMK's regime.
The Assembly came to a stalemate following which the police officers tried to take the protesting DMK MLAs out of the Assembly.
The DMK MLAs then, led by Stalin, took to the streets to raise slogans against the AIADMK - 'MLAs for Sale'.
A sting operation by an English news channel had revealed that all the AIADMK MLAs were lured in by cash and gold by the rival Sasikala camp to support Chief Minister Edapadi K. Palanisamy in the February trust vote conducted in Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Palanisamy won the trust vote held in the state assembly on the back of support offered by 122 AIADMK legislators.
South Madurai MLA Saravanan, who had deflected to the OPS faction, admitted on camera that Sasikala camp offered them money between Rs. 2 crore to 6 crore for their support.
The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) severely criticised the ruling AIADMK government over the matter alleging that the party's inter-relationship was purchased and not natural. (ANI)
Harriet Scott has been named in the Republic of Ireland women's squad for the upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Norway.
The Irish player of the year returns after missing the recent games against Slovakia and the Netherlands in April with a broken collarbone, while Tyler Toland is also included, having recovered from a hand injury.
Head coach Colin Bell included the pair in their 22-woman squad for the games with Norway, the first of which is in Tallaght on Friday June 8th.
"We're delighted to see Harriet return to the squad. They picked up another injury during their comeback from the collarbone but we're monitoring them closely and we hope she'll be fit for both games.
"We're also closely monitoring Niamh Fahey who has also picked up an injury whilst with their club Bordeaux."
Wexford Youths' striker Rianna Jarrett is included for the first time since 2016, having been in sensational club form this term, scoring nine times in just seven games.
"I'd like to congratulate Rianna Jarrett who returns to the squad. To comeback from three ACL injuries requires a huge amount of hard work, commitment and desire, and they should be incredibly proud of their efforts so far," Bell said.
"She's been in great form this season for Wexford Youths and I really feel that if they can continue to work hard and keep getting fitter and stronger with every game, they could be an important player for us in the future.
"These are two crucial games against Norway, the top seeds in the group, and we'll have to be at our very best to get the results we need. The players have been excellent so far this campaign but we need two big performances both at Tallaght Stadium and in Norway," Bell added.
Megan Campbell and Stephanie Roche both remain sidelined while Heather Payne, Amy Boyle-Carr and Saoirse Noonan will miss the Norway games as they'll be sitting their Leaving Cert.
Republic of Ireland squad to face Norway
Goalkeepers: Marie Hourihan (Manchester City), Amanda Budden (Cork City), Amanda McQuillan (Shelbourne Ladies).
Defenders: Harriet Scott (Reading), Sophie Perry (Brighton and Hove Albion), Diane Caldwell (SC Sand), Louise Quinn (Arsenal), Claire O'Riordan (Wexford Youths), Aislinn Meaney (Galway WFC)
Midfielders: Megan Connolly (Florida State University), Tyler Toland (Maiden City), Niamh Fahey (Bordeaux), Karen Duggan (Peamount United), Denise O'Sullivan (North Carolina Courage), Niamh Farrelly (Peamount United).
Attackers: Rianna Jarrett (Wexford Youths), Katie McCabe (Arsenal), Leanne Kiernan (Shelbourne Ladies), Amber Barrett (Peamount United), Isibeal Atkinson (Shelbourne Ladies), Zara Foley (Lakewood AFC), Aine O'Gorman (Peamount United).
WILL Davison admits that they can't take much credit avoiding disaster in their spectacular 200km/h double-spin across the top of Mount Panorama during Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour practice.
The back end of their Team WRT Audi snapped around at 203km/h as they came through the fearsome McPhillamy Park curve, remarkably completing two neat spins and staying off the walls before Davison continued on their way across Skyline.
“I'll claim 50 per cent of control in that second pirouette, but the first one nothing.” Davison joked.
“It was quite nervous the way it was set up and it snapped on me pretty quick. My initial thoughts were this is not good, there'd not many good outcomes when you're going backwards here.”
“I was on and off the brakes, steering it how I could and I thought halfway around the second one ‘oh my gosh, I'm not even going to hit the grass, this is going to go well.'”
With no television coverage or big screens in operation on the Friday, only the spectators at the top of the Mountain were treated to the sight of the red and black Audi spinning like a top.
Not even the crew were aware of what had actually happened — but their jaws dropped once they downloaded the on-board video from the car.
“I got straight on the radio, thinking they'd seen it on the TV screens, and said ‘I've had a pretty big spin, I'm going to bring it in because the tyres will be flat-spotted,'” Davison explained.
“They'd not seen it and were asking if I'd hit anything or been in the grass. I said no, and they said the tyres are fine, there's not a mark on them!
“Then one of the boys downloaded the vision out of the car and everyone realised it was a pretty big moment.”
Davison is sharing the Belgian-run Audi with veteran sports car racers Mathias Lauda, Pedro Lamy and Paul Dalla Lana, their co-drivers trying to get up to speed with a new car while reacquainting themselves with Mount Panorama.
“I was a little bit more timid across the top (after the spins) just until we understand the car,” Davison said.
“We made some pretty significant changes based on making it more comfortable, especially for the other guys who haven't driven it much.
“We're not too bad but I'm not at one with the car yet. Hopefully we'll do a reasonable number today and for us, it's just about not making mistakes and getting a result that way.”
BAE Systems' huge deal to supply nine Type 46 submarine hunting frigates to the Australian Royal Navy has provided some much-needed economic good news for UK industry.
The £20bn tender – thought to be the world's largest naval defence contract in over a decade – saw BAE beat off bids from Spanish and Italian rivals and represents the first time since the 1970s that a British frigate design has been exported.
However, whilst the deal has been widely hailed as a major win for the UK defence industry, the fact that the new ships will actually be built in Australia has led some to question whether it really represents a good deal for UK industry.
Which of the following options most closely reflects your opinion on this major contract win?
THE new capital of Cowboys country – the Townsville stadium – can be seen like never before with the release of new images.
The final design is nearly complete for the $250 million stadium, under construction in South Townsville, and details about corporate boxes, patron terraces and food and beverage areas have been shown in striking artist's impressions.
Camera Icon An artist's impression of the planned Townsville stadium that will be finished and ready for the 2020 NRL season. Picture: Supplied
Early works for the project were completed on April 30 this year and the main stadium build works started on May 1.
Civil earthworks, driven piling and a significant amount of substructure and in-ground hydraulics work has been completed, a spokesperson for the Department of State Development, Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Planning says.
Significant off-site manufacture of steel and concrete elements is also under way with more than 500 precast seating platforms now stockpiled at the subcontractor's compound and on site ready for installation. Work is under way on the western, southern and eastern stands.
Camera Icon An artist's impression of the southern entrance of the new Townsville stadium. Picture: Supplied
The western stand will accommodate the player, corporate and media facilities.
So far on the western stand work on concrete footings including lift and escalator pits have been completed. Vertical precast panels for stairs and lifts have also been finished.
Workers are erecting structural steel to the lower bowl and concourse level.
Meanwhile on the southern stand, work on the substructure and detailed excavation has been finished.
A schematic design was completed in August last year and since then the next stage, a developed design, has been completed.
Camera Icon An artist's impression of the northern entrance of the stadium. Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon The food and beverage section of the new Townsville stadium. Picture: Supplied, Department of State Development, Manufacturing, Infrastructure and Planning
“The project remains on track for delivery by the start of the 2020 NRL season,” the department spokesperson said.
Federal Minister for Urban Infrastructure and Cities Paul Fletcher said the project would employ more than 2000 people during construction.
“This stadium is not only creating local jobs and providing a boost to Townsville's economy – it's also helping to revitalise the CBD and waterfront areas,” they said.
Townsville Mayor Jenny Hill said the new images were exciting because it would give locals the chance to better understand how the stadium would look when completed.
Watch the evening newscast with Marguerite de Leon
Published 8:34 PM, December 11, 2017
Today on Rappler:
Senator Dick Gordon says the speed of the approval for the controversial Dengvaxia dengue vaccine was 'too fast,' hinting that a 'conspiracy' may be behind it. Several associate justices slam Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno for apparent mistakes they repeatedly made during their 5-year term. President Rodrigo Duterte asks Congress to extend martial law in Mindanao by one more year. Communications Secretary Martin Andanar says the Chinese government selected China Telecom to invest in the Philippines in a bid to break the current duopoly in the local telecommunications industry.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 3 Columbus Energy SA:
* Said on Saturday that it has appointed Janusz Sterna deputy CEO for finance
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The National Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association recently announced that Mike Clark, district athletic director at Yukon Public Schools, has been recognized as a certified athletic administrator.
“I started this process back when I was at Mustang,” Clark said. “Once I got back into the school system, I knew this is something that I wanted to pursue. It's a great way to stay on top of things as an athletic director. The most common reason for an athletic department getting in trouble is lack of knowledge and this is a way to keep that from happening here at Yukon.”
Clark said attending the athletic directors Conference has been beneficial for him.
“Going to the athletic directors conference is a very enlightening but also scary experience because you get to see how some of your policies may push the edge on getting you in trouble. So, when you get back from the conference, you may change some of those policies. It's also great way for us to promote my coaches and our teams, which we are always trying to do at Yukon.”
The NIAAA made a statement on Clark and their qualifications for this recognition.
“To earn this distinction, Mike has demonstrated the highest level of knowledge and expertise in the field of interscholastic athletic administration,” the NIAAA said. “The voluntary certification process included a thorough evaluation of the candidate's educational background, experience and professional contributions, as well as a rigorous, comprehensive written examination. Mike is one of an elite group of interscholastic athletic administrators nationwide to attain this level of professionalism.”
The NIAAA is a national professional organization consisting of all 50 state athletic administrator associations and more than 10,000 individual members. It is dedicated to promoting the professional growth of high school athletic administrators and preserving the educational nature of interscholastic athletics and the place of these programs in the secondary school curriculum.
“I am a firm believer in continual learning,” Clark said. “You're either moving forward or moving backward. My goal is to be a better administrator next year than I am this year. How can I expect that from my coaches if I don't strive for that myself?
Three people were injured in a Fridy afternoon crash in Hustead. The accident happened shortly after 4:00 p.m. in front of the Hustead Marathon.
According to initial reports, a Honda had stopped to turn left into a driveway. The Jeep Cherokee following the Honda also stopped. The Dodge pickup following the Jeep did not stop and crashed into the Jeep, pushing the Jeep into the Honda.
Three people were transported by Hustead EMS and by Miami Township EMS to Xenia. None of them suffered life-threatening injuries.
The driver of the Dodge pickup is expected to be charged with Assured Clear Distance.
The incident remains under investigation by the Ohio State Patrol. They received assistance from the Clark County Sheriff's Office, Hustead Fire and EMS and Miami Township (Greene County) EMS.
Nielsen's top programs for June 25-July 1
Prime-time viewership numbers compiled by Nielsen for June 25-July 1. Listings include the week's ranking and viewership.
1. "America's Got Talent," NBC, 11.3 million.
2. "60 Minutes," CBS, 7.06 million.
3. "The Big Bang Theory" (Thursday, 8:30 p.m.), CBS, 6.28 million.
4. "World of Dance," NBC, 6.08 million.
5. "Little Big Shots," NBC, 5.96 million.
6. "The Big Bang Theory" (Thursday, 8 p.m.), CBS, 5.92 million.
7. "The Bachelorette," ABC, 5.79 million.
8. "Code Black," CBS, 5.74 million.
9. "NCIS," CBS, 5.69 million.
10. "Blue Bloods," CBS, 5.39 million.
11. "Big Brother" (Wednesday), CBS, 5.34 million.
12. "Big Brother" (Thursday), CBS, 5.14 million.
13. "Big Brother" (Sunday), CBS, 4.78 million.
14. "Bull," CBS, 4.7 million.
15. "Celebrity Family Feud," ABC, 4.59 million.
16. "Instinct," CBS, 4.51 million.
17. "Mom," CBS, 4.4 million.
18. "Hawaii Five-0," CBS, 4.39 million.
19. "American Ninja Warrior," NBC, 4.21 million.
20. "Ellen's Game of Games," NBC, 4.18 million
___
ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co.; CBS is a division of CBS Corp.; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox; NBC is owned by NBC Universal.
Leading global innovation in coffee for over four decades, Starbucks introduces a new generation of coffee in India with Nitro Cold Brew on tap. Using the highest quality coffee beans, the Nitro Cold Brew unfolds an irresistible coffee experience where time meets texture. With each cup 48 hours in the making, the Nitro Cold Brew is a super‐smooth, naturally sweet coffee that cascades from the tap with a velvety, creamy texture which customers can see and taste.
Nitro Cold Brew marks Starbucks next chapter of coffee innovation offering customers an elevated coffee experience through its newest take on its signature Cold Brew. In today's fast‐paced world where everything is instant and on‐demand, Starbucks Nitro Cold Brew allows customers to enjoy small‐batch, slow‐steeped coffee like they've never tasted it before. After handcrafting the Cold Brew recipe, baristas perfect the pour by pulling the tap and allowing the Cold Brew coffee to mix with nitrogen to deliver an entirely new cold coffee experience. Nitro Cold Brew is cold right out of the tap and served unsweetened without ice.
Starbucks also offers the refreshing Vanilla Sweet Cream Cold Brew. Made with Starbucks® Cold Brew over ice and topped with a house‐made vanilla sweet cream, the sweet cream floats on top of the beverage before slowly cascading down for an eye‐catching effect.
“At Starbucks, innovation is always brewing. We take great pride in partnering with customers in their journey of coffee exploration. We are pleased to introduce Starbucks® Nitro Cold Brew in India, taking our Cold Brew craft to a whole new level,” said Veetika Deoras, head – Marketing, Category and Digital at Tata Starbucks Pvt. Ltd. “It is a sensorial coffee drinking experience, and one that has the potential to redefine the language of coffee in India.”
Starbucks Cold Brew is available across all Starbucks stores in India. Starbucks Nitro Cold Brew is currently exclusively available in 5 stores across India: Mumbai, Kamala Mills | Bangalore, Jaya Nagar | Delhi, Green Park | Noida, DLF Mall of India | Kolkata, Park Mansions.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Facebook has reinstated the popular “Polandball” comedy page, following coverage of their “permanent suspension” by Breitbart News.
The page, which focuses on “geo-political satire,” was originally notified by Facebook that they would be permanently deleted on Saturday for unknown reasons.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“We're very sorry about this mistake,” said a Facebook spokesperson in an email to Breitbart Tech. “A post was removed in error, which led to the removal of the page. Both the post and page have been restored.”
Polandball announced on their reinstated Facebook page that they would be keeping both the original and the backup page in case they are removed by error again in the future.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The violence in Chicago continued to rage unabated Tuesday as a triple shooting took the lives of a 2-year-old and a 25-year-old who was a “documented gang member.”
A third person — the 2-year-old's pregnant aunt — was also shot but is expected to survive.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
NBC 5 reports that the shooting occurred in broad daylight — around 1:30 pm — as all three victims were sitting in a car parked in an alley in “the 2300 block of South Kenneth Avenue in the Lawndale neighborhood.”
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said, “This has got to stop somewhere. Our children should not have to keep paying the price for our inability to hold repeat gun offenders accountable for their actions.”
An 11-year-old girl and a 12-year-old girl were both shot in the head over the weekend in Chicago. ABC 7 reported the 11-year-old, Takiya Holmes, was shot on Saturday and died Tuesday. The 12-year old, Kanari Gentry-Bowers, was also shot Saturday and is currently in critical condition at Stroger Hospital.
Breitbart News reported that over 400 individuals were shot in Chicago between January 1, 2017, and February 14. The Chicago Tribune reported that the exact number shot was 410 by the evening of the 14th, and there have been more than 70 murders.
Superintendent Johnson said, “The issue is… creating a culture of accountability for people who fire weapons and we're just not doing that.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
A worker monitors automatic copper wire unit at the Fast Cables plant in Lahore, Pakistan, March 24, 2017. Picture taken March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mohsin Raza
KARACHI/LAHORE, Pakistan Kamal Amjad Mian thought China's decision to invest $36 billion (28.84 billion pounds) in the Pakistani power sector would benefit their electricity cable business, and, anticipating increased demand, their family spent nearly $30 million on a second plant to double output.
But Mian's Fast Cables and some other Pakistani manufacturers have yet to reap rewards from Beijing's huge "One Belt, One Road" (OBOR) project, a modern-day "Silk Road" network of trade routes across land and sea.
Power stations built as part of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a $57 billion project involving energy, road and rail infrastructure, are being kitted out with Chinese cables exempt from import duty and sales tax.
Such exemptions, more generous for CPEC projects than others, threaten to undermine local industry, according to Mian, one of a growing number of executives now questioning an initiative long portrayed as the key to Pakistan's prosperity.
"The government, instead of giving us a level playing field, gave them an advantage," Mian said in the eastern city of Lahore.
A Water and Power Ministry official, who declined to be named because they were not authorised to speak to the media, said "there were question marks about whether the local cable industry could fulfil the demands under CPEC and we worried it would slow down projects."
Beijing's CPEC splurge and a drop in Islamist militant violence have reinvigorated Pakistan's sluggish economy, driving growth to about 5 percent for the first time since 2008.
The public and political parties broadly support Chinese investment, while cement and steel companies who bagged early CPEC contracts are embarking on aggressive expansion.
Executives also say Chinese investors are poised for an acquisitions spree in Pakistan.
TROJAN HORSE OR SAVIOUR?
But not everyone is happy. Critics say CPEC projects are opaque and expensive, and question Pakistan's ability to repay the costs over time.
Some firms fear they will struggle to compete with Chinese companies with deeper pockets, economies of scale and vastly cheaper credit lines.
"We have to make sure (CPEC) doesn't become a Trojan Horse and start hurting existing industry," said Ehsan Malik, chief executive of the Pakistan Business Council.
There is plenty still up for grabs for local players. The next phase of CPEC involves the creation of Special Economic Zones where Chinese state-run enterprises would open factories and help develop Pakistan's industrial base.
But Fast Cables' Mian said that, while domestic producers have been benefiting from broad economic growth, they fear their business will end up "dying a slow and painful death" if Chinese rivals setting up in Pakistan receive preferential tax breaks.
Mian and other cables makers are reviving a defunct industry association in order to lobby Islamabad, amid concerns Beijing will use its leverage over Pakistan to obtain those sweeteners.
"Very soon, if we are not nimble enough to recognise the issues, we could be in trouble," said Fahd Chinoy, whose family runs Pakistan Cables (PKCB.KA).
China, for which CPEC is a key part of its Silk Road ambitions, sought to assuage such fears.
"The dividend, the well-being delivered by the corridor will benefit the people of both China and Pakistan, as well as of the region," Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a regular briefing, when asked about concerns in Pakistan.
The government in Islamabad was also keen to reassure domestic producers.
"We are not (so foolish) as to not protect our local industry," said Miftah Ismail, a state minister charged with setting up CPEC Special Economic Zones.
"I want to assure people we will never give greater protection to our Chinese investing friends," Ismail added. "It will never be an uneven playing field."
The Pakistani government, citing local worries about being crowded out, said in January it would prioritise domestic companies over Chinese ones in the forthcoming sell-off of state-run companies.
WINNERS AND LOSERS?
Pakistan's struggling textiles sector, which account for 60 percent of the country's exports, is watching nervously.
China is offering vast incentives and ploughing billions of dollars into the Western region of Xinjiang to build a textile industry, which will rely on CPEC road and rail links to export goods via Pakistan's Arabian sea port of Gwadar.
The Karachi Chamber of Commerce & Industry and other organisations worry that Pakistan will become a dumping ground for Chinese goods once the Xinjiang-Gwadar transit route becomes operational and traffic volumes soar.
"If those products end up on the domestic market without duties, it will devastate the local industry," said Aamir Fayyaz, chairperson of the Pakistan Textile Mills Association (APTMA).
Wang Zihai, president of the Pakistan-China Joint Chamber of Commerce and Industry, compared Pakistan to China three decades ago, when its nascent industries faced competition from more advanced Japanese and American companies.
"Chinese companies did not die," Wang said. "Chinese are not here to take over everything, they want partners. They need a local party to work together."
And for early CPEC winners, optimism abounds.
Hussain Agha's family-run steel business has bagged several CPEC contracts and is planning an initial public offering (IPO) to raise cash to expand.
"Those who are geared for the economic renaissance of Pakistan will thrive, and those who are not will miss the bus," said Agha, an executive director at Agha Steel Industries.
"We are getting ready for the 'Roaring 20s'."
(Additional reporting by Mubasher Bukhari; Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
Downtown Bryan Association Update
Katelyn Brown of the Downtown Bryan Association visits with WTAW's Bill Oliver about the recently completed Texas Reds Festival, the schedule for October's First Friday, and other events in October, November, and December.
After now-former Google employee James Damore's viewpoint diversity memo went viral, Wikipedia editors looking through its citations removed material from the online encyclopedia that they referenced in the memo.
Other editors sought to downplay or remove from the memo's Wikipedia page statements supporting their claims about scientific research on the differences between the sexes.
advertisement
In addition to citing scientific studies and news coverage on recent research into the matter, Damore's memo included several references to Wikipedia pages about the issue. These pages also included citations to scientific studies or statistical data supporting their statements. Some of these pages were soon edited to minimize or outright remove material that had been referenced in the memo.
The most intense activity has been taking place on the article for Neuroticism, where the memo cited a section on the page about differences between the sexes. An IP near Silicon Valley, where Google and other tech companies are headquartered, was the first to edit the section by adding wiki-markup to remove the section from public view. Within half an hour the change was undone by an IP from Redmond, Washington, home of Google competitor Microsoft as well as video game developer Nintendo's American offices.
Subsequently, editor Nanite began to expand the section, prompting an edit war to break out on the article that received coverage at Vice's Motherboard outlet. Editor Jytdog began to remove almost the entire section, leading to other editors restoring and others again removing the content. Discussion about the material focused on whether the topic was covered by Wikipedia's guideline for reliable sources on biomedical information, which advocates a stricter standard than that used for other articles.
While various editors contested Jytdog's argument, Nanite presented sources and material that actually met this higher standard, and another editor began to restore details about sex differences. Even after these changes, editors suggested it should be tagged for concerns about neutrality and complained that material about sex differences was now included in a larger section on demographic patterns, making it harder to locate.
Despite having reverted six times over the course of two days, Jytdog left a warning about edit-warring after an editor made one revert to restore the neutrality tag. After that editor restored the tag a second time, Jytdog filed an edit-warring report to have the editor blocked.
On the article for occupational fatalities, editor Aquillion twice removed the two paragraphs referenced by the memo that noted data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, showing that men represent over 90% of workplace fatalities. In doing so they cited Wikipedia's policy on use of primary sources. The policy, however, states such sources are acceptable so long as there is no effort to interpret them. They also argued that it did not belong in a section about risk factors, but didn't explain why this meant the material had to be removed entirely.
An article on the Google memo was created soon after the controversy began, and it was quickly nominated for deletion. The first editor to comment on the nomination was Volunteer Marek who called for merging the content to the article on Google. Later in the discussion Marek compared the memo to the Unabomber's manifesto, noting an article didn't exist on it either. Their arguments have not swayed editors, though, as the article has been kept due to resounding support for the subject's notability.
The article avoiding deletion had not dissuaded Marek and other editors from minimizing the controversy. One article cited on the page, which contained several specialists in the field who agreed with the memo's statements about differences between the sexes, has been removed multiple times by Marek. Falsely claiming it was a primary source, they went to the discussion page for the article to insist it was also a “fringe” source that couldn't be cited. An editor noted the piece had received independent coverage in USA Today, but the only edit in response made no mention of the scientists.
Other edits Marek made to the article were to three times remove references to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange defending Damore and offering them a job, first stating “oh who cares” and then claiming Assange's tweets were trolling. Marek also replaced material noting Damore had received significant support from other employees with material stating they had been criticized by current and former employees. Another editor did later add material noting the support Damore received. Even with that single line added, most of the content about employee reactions quotes current and former executives attacking the memo.
NorthBySouthBaranof, an editor who had been banned from edits about GamerGate due to their agenda-driven editing on the controversy, added to the page claims that Damore did not have a case to contest their firing by Google and added identical material to Google's own article. The material they added described law experts as “noting” their case was “weak” and that “Google would have several defensible reasons for firing him,” including discrimination concerns. Baranof's phrasing is inconsistent with Wikipedia's style guidelines on words to watch, which discourages wording that presents opinion as fact. Other experts have notably argued that Damore's case could have merit.
Incidents such as this highlight growing concerns about the neutrality of Wikipedia at a time when its leaders are promoting it as the solution to the so-called fake news epidemic. Wikipedia's own reliance on major news media, however, leaves it exposed to sourcing bias that diminishes its factual accuracy. Many news outlets considered “reliable” by the online encyclopedia's standards have been criticized for falsely framing the Google memo as “anti-diversity,” in contrast to Damore's express support for measures to increase diversity at the company. Due to this problem, the article on the Google memo has a reference section littered with these false headlines.
The consequence can also be seen on the article for Google itself, where NorthBySouthBaranof added that the memo argued that “biological factors, not discrimination” explained the lack of women at tech companies. Although the statement is a gross misrepresentation, as Damore's memo only suggested biology as one possible factor in addition to discrimination, it is fully supported by a citation to the New York Times.
According to Wired, studies on Wikipedia suggest the site has a demonstrable left-wing bias and that editors with such biases make more edits to the site than others. When biased editors are met with a media environment that largely favors their bias, the result can significantly diminish the site's ability to provide readers with the truth.
(Disclosure: the author of this article has had disputes with several of the parties involved.)
T. D. Adler edited Wikipedia as The Devil's Advocate. They were banned after privately reporting conflict of interest editing by one of the site's administrators. Due to previous witch-hunts led by mainstream Wikipedians against their critics, Adler writes under an alias.
The LeBron James vs. Michael Jordan arguments that litter Twitter are a lot like Beatles vs. Rolling Stones, with more decimal points.
Another parallel would be Ditka vs. Hurricane, as provided by “Saturday Night Live,” in which Bill Swirsky's Super Fans debate just how omnipotent a certain coach of the Chicago Bears really is. “Who would win?” asked the host. “And what if the hurricane was named Ditka?”
Not even Jordan, as a special guest, got involved in that. “Who cares?” they said.
These debates are nothing new: Bird vs. Magic. Mantle vs. Mays. Petty vs. Pearson. In-N-Out vs. … ah, forget it.
The difference is that those were actually real-live protagonists. Jordan is long gone. LeBron vs. Michael isn't even a good duplicate bridge comparison, because the situations, the officiating, the offenses, the opponents and the supporting casts are so different.
It insults Jordan and it's completely unfair to James. Isn't LeBron doing enough already? Why must they go one-on-one with shadows?
On Thursday night, James begins their eighth consecutive NBA Finals as Cleveland plays Golden State. The only others to do that were Bill Russell (10), Sam Jones (nine), Tom Heinsohn (nine) and Frank Ramsey (eight) of the Celtics, during a 10-year run that began in 1956-57. Only in the 10th year did the NBA have an 82-game schedule. Those first three Boston teams played 72 games per season.
The 1957 Celtics had to win but seven playoff games for a title. The 1966 Celtics needed 11 wins. Those Finals were all done April 28. This year? Game 7 is set for June 17.
So James has had the shortest vacations of anyone in NBA history. Yet, at 33, they led the league in minutes played per game during the regular season. They have 3,287 more regular-season minutes on their odometer than Jordan ever had.
When Jordan made their final shot for the Chicago Bulls in Utah and wrapped up the double three-peat, they were 35. They left the game, coming back three years later than their own tribute band for Washington. James will turn 34 on Dec. 30. Neither body nor soul seems tired.
Despite James, Golden State is an 8-to-1 betting favorite. It's a reflection of how Cleveland's Others are disrespected.
Some think this is the most pedestrian group of elves that ever has surrounded James, which is not true. In 2007, James dragged Larry Hughes, Eric Snow, Boobie Gibson, Drew Gooden, Damon Jones, Zydrunas Ilgauskas and Anderson Varejao to the Unpromised Land, and a sweep at the hands of San Antonio. That group wasn't as good as this Cavaliers ensemble, and that James wasn't as good as this one.
Cleveland's locker room has had more traffic than a dentist's office at a hockey tournament. There have been 22 different Cavaliers, including Dwyane Wade, Jae Crowder and Isaiah Thomas. Thirteen of them averaged 20 or more minutes.
It should be a long meeting to divide up playoff shares. But the current team, the one that beat Boston in Game 7, might be more versatile and dangerous than you think.
The overlooked figure is Tristan Thompson. The track record of Kardashian boyfriends is not that good, and Thompson is linked with Khloe. Yet he's also linked with the 2016 championship, which Cleveland won in seven at Golden State. In Game 6, they had 15 points and 16 boards.
When Thompson has played 25-plus minutes in this postseason, Cleveland is 5-2.
Not every Other has to play great each night for Cleveland to win. George Hill can surface. So can Jeff Green. Larry Nance Jr.'s passion and wingspan can counteract whatever big men come off the Warriors' bench. Kyle Korver is a 3-point institution and a willing scrapper.
Things are different if Kevin Love can overcome their concussion. The same can be said if Golden State's Andre Iguodala, the Finals MVP in 2015, is healthy enough to chase James around.
Golden State invested deeply to beat Houston. Its familiar ball movement only sprouted in spurts. Its defense came and went. In the end, the Warriors beat a team that missed 27 consecutive 3-pointers in Game 7 and didn't have Chris Paul. The Cavaliers will not be suckered into a longball derby. This time, the strength in numbers is theirs.
James might well bring a championship to the Lakers next season. They also might bring this trophy with them if they sign in July.
We can wait a month for all that. For the moment, we'll watch James take on history. But what if history is named James?
Professor Michael Eric Dyson described racial demographics as a “significant feature” which should be taken into consideration as part of a “holistic” approach to college and university admissions on CNN Monday.
The conversation came in the context of actions by President Donald Trump, who will undo Obama-era guidelines on affirmative action for the Department of Education and Department of Justice.
Describing “black and brown people” as “historically denied [and] maligned,” Dyson called for “African-American and Latino populations” to receive “compensation” via the consideration of their race and ethnicity as meritorious “extra academic [and] extracurricular” achievements.
Dyson also said “white students… need to have the benefit” of “diversity” via education with “black students and brown students.”
Dyson criticized the Trump administration for “reject[ing] the principle of diversity as the predicate for expanding the minds of American students so that we understand race, class, culture, gender, and the like.”
Partial transcript below, via CNN.
DYSON: Look, already it was illegal to have a quota. That is to say we're going to make up for the numbers of black and brown people who have been historically denied or compensation to make up for the historically maligned African-American and Latino populations. But what it does suggest is that there should be a consideration of race and a holistic understanding of how college administration — college admissions are administered. So in that case, race is a figure — a significant feature among many others when considering a person so that diversity enhances not only African-American and Latino people who have been denied access but those white students who need to have the benefit of those black students and brown students. For instance, think about the fact we would have far fewer people inclined to call the police on strange-acting black or brown people if they actually had a college course with them and interacted with them. But secondly, what's interesting here — we're not talking about the masses of college and universities here. We're speaking about the intense competition for the elite — the top echelon. So that 15 percent of college-aged students are black and yet there are only six percents at these elite institutions. Latinos, 22 percent of the population and only 13 percent at these elite colleges. … And what the Trump administration has done here is rejected the principle of diversity as the predicate for expanding the minds of American students so that we understand race, class, culture, gender, and the like. … They usually quote Martin Luther King, Jr. who said judge me by the content of the character, not the color of my skin. But, Martin Luther King, Jr., in 1963 in their book “Why We Can't Wait,” said that if the nation has done something special against the Negro (as we were then called) for 240 years, the nation must do now something special for the Negro. … So merit is dependent upon who counts what is meritorious. Think about this. When people used to get access to schools they were like you're a violin player from Vermont and we have a deficit of people from there. There were always extra academic, extracurricular considerations to play in terms of the doling out who got into these schools and that. So, race was one among many others. If race has been used as a demerit, it has to be constituted as a merit.
Dyson is a professor of sociology at Georgetown University's department of African American studies. They have instructed courses titled “Hip Hop Culture: Origins/Meaning/Consequences,” “Sociology/Hip-Hop: Urban Theodicy Jay-Z,” and “Barack Obama and Race.”
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.
Bird Huffman pulls some classics down from the rafters in our newest Shed Sessions
“Everything rides,” says Bird Huffman of Bird's Surf Shed. “You should expand your surfing horizons and capabilities.”
“Everything Rides” should maybe take over the “Ride Anything” moniker for our zeitgeist of board experimentation. Way cooler of a phrase. And hey, Bird gets it. One look at the smorgasbord of surfboards in the Shed tells you that.
Speaking of which, for this episode of Shed Sessions, Bird picked about as random an assortment of boards as you could imagine, most of which are from North County, San Diego shapers. A bonzer from Leucadia wizard Gary Hanel. A progressive late '60s single fin log from Don Hansen. A squirty little 5'2″ fish from Sunset Surf Shop's Ed Wright. Even tossed in a flex-tail thingie as a non-North County wildcard from Allan Gibbons, a legendary figure who ghost shaped for Al Merrick for a long time, just to throw an even odder board into the mix. We sent Joel Tudor, Derrick Disney, Jake Marshall, and Duran Barr out to put 'em through their paces.
Bird was right. Everything does ride.
Here's the quiver for this episode:
Gary Hanel Bonzer 6'3″ x 19 1/2″ x 2 5/8″
Don Hansen “Hustler” 9'6″ x 22 3/4″ x 3 1/8″
Sunset Fish 5'2″ x 21″ x 2 3/4″
Alan Gibbons “Reflex”: 6'0″ x 19 1/2″ x 2 1/2″
Today, Marc Garneau, Minister of Transport and Dominic LeBlanc, Minister of Fisheries, Oceans and the Canadian Coast Guard issued the following changes regarding concerns over right whales in the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
“Canada takes the protection, conservation, and recovery of endangered species very seriously. The recent deaths of several North Atlantic right whales in the Gulf of St. Lawrence are extremely concerning.
“There is evidence that the North Atlantic right whales have been increasingly present in the Gulf of St. Lawrence in recent years. Our government has already taken action and will continue to ensure that measures are in place for the protection of this species and the safety of mariners using these waters.
“In our efforts to do everything possible to prevent further whale deaths, our government is today implementing a temporary mandatory slow down for vessels of 20 metres or more in length. Speed must be reduced to a maximum of 10 knots when travelling in the western Gulf of St. Lawrence from the Quebec north shore to just north of Prince Edward Island. This temporary measure is effective immediately.
“Transport Canada inspectors, with assistance from the Canadian Coast Guard's Marine Communications and Traffic Services, will enforce this precautionary measure until the whales have migrated from the areas of concern. Failure to comply will result in an Administrative Monetary Penalty of up to $25,000.
“We continue to work with partners to better understand what may have caused the deaths of the North Atlantic right whales—to that end, several necropsies were carried on as many whales as possible.
“We have taken extensive action to ensure the protection of North Atlantic right whales in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, including decisions around fisheries. To help prevent entanglements, the Snow Crab Fishing Area 12 in the Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence was closed, and other fixed gear fisheries such as rock and toad crab fisheries have either been restricted to fish in shallow water or have had a delayed opening. Future fisheries decisions relating to the Southern Gulf of St. Lawrence will take the presence of North Atlantic right whales into account.
“In addition to the reduced speed requirements being introduced today, monitoring and enforcement will continue with Transport Canada's National Aerial Surveillance Program and Fisheries and Oceans surveillance overflights to aid these new measures.
“Our government is already taking steps to protect Canada's marine environment through a $1.5 billion investment in the Oceans Protection Plan. As part of the plan to protect marine mammals from the effects of shipping, including collisions and noise pollution, researchers are working to locate and track marine mammals in high vessel traffic areas and provide this information to mariners.
“We all have a responsibility to ensure that our marine resources are protected for future generations, and must take every step we can to help prevent whale deaths. As we take further concrete steps today, we continue to consider all options to help prevent future whale deaths.
“We look forward to the collaboration of all fishermen and mariners.”
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Virginia knows Duke quarterback Daniel Jones is a different — and more improved — player than they were a year ago.
Jones was just a first-year student last season when Virginia travelled to Duke, and the Cavaliers' plan to pressure and rattle the young quarterback worked. They threw five interceptions and fumbled the ball away once, and in a season when the Cavalier won just one other game, they rolled over the Blue Devils, 34-20.
"Last year they were young but he's gotten a lot of experience," defensive end Juwan Moye said this week. "He likes to run a lot. He's really confident in their game. He's a solid piece. Like last year we knew that if we got to them we could own the game. I think we're going to have the same game plan, but he's going to be a lot tougher."
The Cavaliers (3-1, 0-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) look to be as well. They are off to their best start after four games in a decade, but have no expectations that it will be an easy game against Duke (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday.
Jones has 172 rushing yards, third on the Blue Devils, and has run for three touchdowns.
But Virginia is feeling better about itself than it has in quite some time. The Cavaliers are coming off a 42-23 victory at Boise State two weeks ago — the Broncos' worst home loss in 16 years — and had last weekend off.
Their play has gotten the attention of coach David Cutcliffe and their players.
"We have reason to prepare well, because they're a solid football team with a quarterback playing well," Curcliffe said, speaking of Kurt Benkert. "They've got a running game, they've got skill people. ... They're very systematic, do a good job of it. Defensively, they are as consistent with their system as anybody we will play."
As for Jones, Cutcliffe's approach is pretty much that that was last year.
"You know they know in their mind what happened and they want to prove themselves and play better," they said. "What Daniel's got to do is make sure the people around them are in position to make plays and just do what they do best."
Speech to Text for Pantheon Update
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
today news 10 received these preliminary plans for the "pantheon theater". it features a stage space, office space, and a conference room on the first floor. the second floor features more work areas. then the third floor would have a smaller stage and stadium seating. the project also has a new board. members plan to meet next wednesday. they could award bids for construction in the fall. gas prices continue to rise!
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
We asked readers, Do you support the U.S. air strike in Syria?
U.S. must keep oppressive regimes in check
Yes, I firmly support the U.S. air strikes on Syria. It is wrong for a nation to use chemicals and gas its own innocent citizens.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's claim that they have never used chemical weapons against their own people are invalid, considering they used chemical weapons against their own people back in 2013.
The United States have every right to defend against oppressive regimes such as Assad's. We freed Europe against the ruling of a fascist dictator, Iraq from its oppressive regime. So now once again it's our job to ensure peace and stability for not only for ourselves but for foreign countries as well even though it must be with the use of force.
— Alexis Villanueva, Montclair
Not well thought out
I believe that President Trump's decision to take military action in Syria had good intentions but was done in an unprofessional manner. This was an impulse action that was not well though out. Trump cannot just lash out and call an air strike. It is unprofessional.
And if this course of action continues, then who knows what else they will do if they are judging the situation with their emotions.
— Alejandro Becerril, Montclair
Don't understand logic
I do not understand President Donald Trump's logic. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's blasted chemicals to their people and Trump's response is to hurt and kill even more innocent people. Where is the logic in that? If anything, the military should have gone after Assad, not the innocent civilians.
Trump's demand for this air strike was unnecessary and crossed the line. Who knows how Assad will respond, but I wouldn't be surprised if it starts World War III.
Trump's actions are out-of-control and not well planned out. The U.S. could be in danger because of this air strike.
— Gabriela Manzo, Montclair
Strong message
I think that the air strike will send a really strong message to the Syrian military. President Trump was justified. I think they should've asked Congress first because what if this leads to another war? I don't think that U.S. officials have really thought this through.
— Diana Kim, Montclair
Scroll for more content...
Get ready to add this song to your summer 2018 playlist.
Justin Timberlake has dropped a groovy new tune titled, "SoulMate," and according to the song's first lyric, "Summer starts now."
This is Timberlake's first single since their fifth studio album, "Man of the Woods" and marks a return to their pop roots.
Some of the upbeat and catchy lyrics include, "I love your heartbeat givin' me rhythm/And I can feel your frequency, so unique/In other words, such a freak, set me free."
Timberlake wrote in an Instagram post that the song came together quickly over the past week, "Bahama Sessions -- "SoulMate", written: June 26th, final mix: July 3rd."
MILAN Genoa fired coach Andrea Mandorlini after just six games on Monday, the struggling Serie A side opting to rehire their predecessor Ivan Juric, who was sacked by the club in February.
Mandorlini was dismissed after their side lost their last four games without scoring. That run included a 5-0 home defeat to Atalanta on April 2, followed by a 3-0 loss at Udinese on Sunday that left them mired in 16th place in the 20-team table.
"Genoa Cricket and Football Club announces that coach Andrea Mandorlini has been relieved of their duties along with their closest assistants," the club said in a statement, before announcing that Juric was returning to their former role.
The Croatian was initially appointed in June after winning promotion from Serie B with modest Crotone last season but dismissed on Feb. 19 following a 5-0 defeat to bottom-of-the-table Pescara.
Genoa made a promising start to the season, beating AC Milan 3-0 and leaders Juventus 3-1 at home but have fallen away badly since selling midfielder Tomas Rincon to Juve in the January transfer window.
The team's home games have been marked by fan protests, with supporters turning their backs to the pitch during the second half of the Atalanta loss.
Club president Enrico Preziosi, the head of Italy's largest toy manufacturer, said last month that they intended to sell Genoa after more than 14 years at the helm. Mandorlini is the 11th coach to leave a Serie A club since the start of July.
Marcelo Bielsa had the shortest stint, quitting Lazio after just two days and without taking charge of a match, while Palermo have been the most prolific club, changing coaches three times.
(Reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by John O'Brien)
The fire at Philusa Corporation in Cagayan de Oro destroys about P3 million in products and properties
CAGAYAN DE ORO, Philippines – Fire engulfed the building of a pharmaceutical company and destroyed about P3 million ($60,530)* in products and properties in Zone 4, Barangay Cugman here, in the morning of New Year's Day.
The Bureau of Fire Protection 10 (BFP 10) said the warehouse of Philusa Corporation was gutted by fire at around 12:48 am on Sunday, January 1.
The fire swiftly consumed the combustibles inside the warehouse, including pharmaceutical products and other household liquids in plastic containers, the agency said.
Firefighters from various units placed the fire under control at 1:57 am. By 4:41 am, it was declared "fire out."
BFP 10 estimated the damage at P3 million.
One person was hurt during the incident: security guard Janito Patrocinio, who injured their left thigh when they tried to respond.
"His leg probably got stuck on something when they tried to put out the fire," said Engineer Noli dela Rita, BFP 10 spokesperson, in an interview on Sunday.
They said witnesses will be invited to the Investigation and Intelligence Section of the Cagayan de Oro Fire District to help investigators shed light on the incident.
Dela Rita said the Philusa fire was the only fire-related incident reported in the entire northern Mindanao as the New Year was celebrated. – Rappler.com
*$1 = P49.56
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada (C) takes a smoke with customers and a fellow tattoo artist outside their tattoo parlour in Madrid, Spain, March 24, 2017. Picture taken March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada, who is blind in one eye due to a tumour, drives to the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada works on a tattoo at their tattoo parlour in Madrid, Spain, March 24, 2017. Picture taken March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada works on a tattoo at their tattoo parlour in Madrid, Spain, March 24, 2017. Picture taken March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Inks are seen on a table as tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada tattoos breast cancer survivor Mamen Malagon at the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
A pink tattoo machine that symbolises the fight against breast cancer lies on a table next to needles and inks as Quesada prepares to tattoo cancer survivor Mamen Malagon at the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada, who is blind in one eye due to a tumour, gets a hug from cancer survivor Mamen Malagon after tattooing a nipple on their reconstructed breast at the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Cancer survivor Mamen Malagon reacts as tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada, who is blind from an eye due to a tumour, tattoos a nipple on their reconstructed breast at the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada, who is blind in one eye due to a tumour, inspects the breasts of cancer survivor Mamen Malagon at the Hospital Universitario de Torrejon, in Torrejon de Ardoz, outside Madrid, Spain, March 23, 2017. Picture taken March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
MADRID Arms covered in red and green ink, tattoo artist Alvaro Quesada is hardly what cancer survivors expect at a Madrid infirmary, the first public hospital in Spain to offer nipple and areola tattooing.
Yet their service of tattooing realistic-looking nipples onto women who have had their breasts reconstructed after mastectomies signals the final step of recovery from cancer, and women react with emotion to the process.
"They leave crying and hugging me. This is therapy," says 32-year-old Quesada, who takes time out from their tattoo parlor to attend patients at the hospital.
Reconstruction can occur months, or even years, after breast cancer surgery with tissue expanders typically installed to stretch the skin and make room for a future implant. Creating the nipple comes later and involves one more operation.
"At this point most patients are exhausted," said Lorenzo Rabadan, the doctor who first approached Quesada about providing women with an alternative to surgery. They invited the tattoo artist to train staff on the technique.
Clutching a pale pink tattoo gun, Quesada creates the three-dimensional illusion of a nipple on a patient's reconstructed breast, mixing colors with names like 'rose pink', 'brown sugar' and 'tribal black' to mimic the natural shade of an areola.
Half-blind, Quesada offers their service free of charge. The national health service did not cover the cost of their false eye after they lost their left eye to a benign tumor.
For many, a quick and relatively painless session marks the end of a chapter.
"This means it's over and I can pick up my life again," said Mamen Malagon, 43. They were diagnosed with the disease in 2011 resulting in the mastectomy or removal of their left breast.
"All done," they sighed as they got dressed. "Do you know what it means to say that it's over?"
(Reporting by Amanda Calvo; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Jon Boyle)
LONDON Euro zone businesses enjoyed their best quarter in six years at the start of 2017 and although growth was not quite as fast as a flash estimate, the upturn was broad-based, a survey suggested on Wednesday.
Soaring demand allowed firms to raise prices at the fastest rate since mid-2011 and survey compiler Theirs Markit said the data pointed to first-quarter economic growth of 0.6 percent, faster than the 0.5 percent predicted in a Reuters poll last month.
The final Markit Composite Purchasing Managers' Index, regarded as a good guide to growth, rose to a near-six year high of 56.4 in March from February's 56.0. The flash reading, at 56.7, had suggested a sharper rise.
"This is quite a positive start to the year and pointing to accelerated growth in the region as a whole," said Oliver Kolodseike at CEBR.
Earlier surveys from Germany and France, the bloc's two biggest economies, showed growth accelerated last month and while the rates of expansion slowed in Italy and Spain they remained robust.
Output prices rose at their fastest rate in nearly six years. The sub-index jumped to 53.1 from 52.2, lower than the flash 53.3 reading but still probably welcomed by the European Central Bank, which has been trying to stimulate inflation for years.
Inflation in the 19-member currency union plunged to 1.5 percent in March, official data showed on Friday, apparently vindicating ECB President Mario Draghi's cautious policy stance and proving the bloc may be years away from a sustained rise in consumer prices. The ECB would like inflation just below 2 percent.
ECB chief economist Peter Praet said on Monday the Bank's monetary policy stance remained appropriate.
"We don't expect the ECB to act yet, they will keep their policy stance as a 'wait-and-see' approach. The PMI numbers are just one indicator -- you have to wait for more official data," Kolodseike said.
A PMI covering the bloc's dominant services industry came in below a flash estimate of 56.5, registering 56.0. Still, that was above the 55.5 February final number and was the highest since May 2011.
On Monday, a sister survey showed manufacturers in the bloc struggled to keep up with demand last month, despite increasing activity at the fastest rate in nearly six years.
To meet growing demand -- which accelerated at the fastest rate in almost six years in March -- services firms ramped up hiring. The employment index was 54.4, up from 53.6 and marking the fastest rate since the end of 2007.
"Most welcome for a region still suffering near-double digit unemployment is a rise in the survey's employment index," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at Theirs Markit.
(Editing by Catherine Evans)
OTTAWA — Health Canada wants to reduce the alcohol content and the size of the sugary, high-alcohol drinks like those sold under the FCKD UP and Four Loko brands.
Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor is launching consultations aimed at amending federal food and drug regulations to restrict the content of sweetened beverages whose alcohol content is between seven per cent and 12 per cent.
It's seeking feedback from the industry and all interested parties by May 3.
Health Canada will also convene a meeting with provincial and territorial governments in the coming weeks to discuss issues like advertising, marketing and labelling to reduce the risks caused by the products.
Alaska Lt. Gov. Byron Mallott and Gov. Bill Walker's administration has taken steps recently toward a climate change action plan.
Just this week, Mallott was in Nome for Kawerak's Leadership Summit, but also, they say, to discuss Arctic policy.
“During the prior federal administration, the Obama administration, what was called the Bering Sea Resilience Area was established, a series of executive actions by the president. And it's important to note that all of that was begun by local leadership in the region taking the initiative to ask the federal government to be responsive to a rapidly changing Arctic, a rapidly changing Bering Sea.”
Through their talks with Kawerak on Tuesday, Mallott revisited the idea of a local Native council on climate change, which previously existed along with the Northern Bering Sea Climate Resilience Area.
The lieutenant governor believes that a group like the Bering Intergovernmental Tribal Advisory Council should be formed again:
“The role, the place, and the involvement of the Native community, I think, can add to the growing response to climate change and be a somewhat unique and leading voice; in being able to describe existing impacts, be able to inform policy making, informed by what they see out of their front windows.”
Mallott has seen through many front windows in Western Alaska, so to speak, since they entered into State office. The lieutenant governor recently visited Nome in August for the arrival of the Crystal Serenity, but they also recall a visit when they and Walker held an inauguration celebration in Nome.
“We were in the parade, marching and having fun and talking with folks. All of sudden someone said: ‘Hey, there's no one watching the parade,' and someone else said ‘That's because everybody in town is in the parade' … and that was so fun. The governor and I just kind of stopped marching in one place and made our way through the crowd. It was wonderful and kind of uniquely Alaskan.”
After leaving Nome this time around, Mallott hosted a roundtable meeting back in Anchorage which featured oil industry employees, environmentalists, and local community leaders.
The group discussed their efforts to curb climate change, while assisting in the development of the Walker-Mallott administration's action plan on the subject, which could be released later this year.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is being held in police custody for questioning by magistrates looking into allegations of Libyan funding for their 2007 election campaign, an official in the French judiciary says.
A lawyer for Sarkozy could not be reached immediately for comment.
France opened a judicial inquiry in 2013 into allegations that Sarkozy's successful 2007 election bid benefited from illicit funds from late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
A former minister and close ally of Sarkozy, Brice Hortefeux, was also being questioned by police on Tuesday in relation to the Libya investigation, another source close to the probe said.
Sarkozy, who served as president from 2007 to 2012, has always denied receiving any illicit campaign funding and has dismissed the Libyan allegations as "grotesque".
In January a French business person suspected by investigators of funnelling money from Gaddafi to finance Sarkozy's campaign was arrested in Britain and granted bail after they appeared in a London court.
Sarkozy has already been ordered to stand trial in a separate matter concerning financing of their failed re-election campaign in 2012, when they were defeated by Francois Hollande.
Bad news out of Pittsburgh Steelers OTAs on Wednesday. Reserve offensive tackle Jerald Hawkins was taken off the field during practice after suffering an apparent leg injury. It has now been determined that Hawkins suffered a torn quad which could put their season in jeopardy.
Steelers OT Jerald Hawkins suffered a torn quad in Wednesday's team workout, per source. Backup left tackle is an Injured Reserve candidate. Was a big offseason for him. — Jeremy Fowler (@JFowlerESPN) May 30, 2018
Until we know the severity of the injury, it's impossible to speculate just how long Hawkins might be out. Worst-case scenario Hawkins' season is over. This would be a huge disappointment for a guy eyeing the team's sixth offensive line spot. This is coveted as Pittsburgh uses a sixth lineman, hybrid tight end significantly in their run sets.
In their absence, Matt Feiler and Chuks Okorafor will battle for that spot. The Steelers might consider bringing in a veteran free agent to compete but it would seem that Feiler would have the inside track as long as Hawkins is out.
After comparing 50 states across 25 key indicators of startup success, Wallethub was able to determine the best and worst states to start a business in 2018.
Best State to Start a Small Business Is…
This year, Texas is tops by providing some of the ideal conditions for business creation. According to Wallethub, some of these conditions included access to cash, skilled workers and affordable office space.
For small business owners, these conditions play a critical role in establishing businesses but also ensuring their long term success. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) the survival rates of businesses is only 51.4% for the five year mark.
Wallethub looked at all 50 states examining business environment, access to resources and business costs, which were given 50, 25 and 25 points respectively. Additionally, these indicators were evaluated using 25 relevant metrics graded on a 100-point scale, with high scores representing the best conditions for new-business creation.
Everything from the average length of the workweek to job growth, financing, education assets, labor costs and more was evaluated.
??
Key Takeaways
Following Texas in the number one spot with a total of 64.4 points, Utah, Georgia, Montana and Oklahoma rounded out the top five in this year's survey with 63.41, 60.21, 58.9, and 58.67 points respectively. Florida, North Dakota, California, Arizona and Colorado also completed the top 10, with totals of 58.09, 57.94, 57.61 and 55.58 respectively .
The worst states to start a business was Hawaii at number 50 after amassing only 37.16 points of a possible 100. Four other states making up the bottom 5 five include New Hampshire at 38.11, Rhode Island at 41.88, Vermont at 42.53, and Pennsylvania at 42.81.
West Virginia, New Jersey, Connecticut, Maryland and Alabama rounded up the bottom 10 worst states to start a business. See all the states scores below.
Options
The survey points out states may not have many of the best indicators to start a business, but still offer options individual entrepreneurs might be looking for.
For example, Iowa has the cheapest average annual rent for office space at $12.08 per square foot, but overall it ranks 39th on the list. On the other hand, New York has the most expensive rent for office space at $26.66 per square foot and it is 32nd on the list. Meanwhile in terms of business costs, New York is 49th, while Iowa is 30th.
At the end of the day, a host of different factors go into deciding on the best place to open your business. For example, you might be successful in Hawaii, even though it ended up near the bottom of this year's list, and do badly in Texas, the number one state for startups.
The key is putting extra effort into your due diligence. If you do that, your business will probably succeed no matter where you open it.
Expert Opinion
Wallethub asked experts how national and state economic policies affect business creation. One of the questions was, “What measures can state authorities undertake in order to encourage entrepreneurs to start new businesses in their state?”
Professor of Practice at the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University, Melissa L. Bradley, answered, “States can look at tax incentives tied to job creation, and look at tax breaks for companies that employ the hard to hire, or provide skills training.”
They went on to say, “States can streamline the incorporation and certification processes to reduce the burden of time and money. States can re-examine zoning laws to allow for equitable dispersion of business development in a community, and allow for local hubs and networks to evolve organically. States can also identify a staff person to help coordinate and support business — almost like an entrepreneur in residence for states.”
April 5 (Reuters) -
* U.S. Food and Drug Administration nominee Dr. Scott Gottlieb says they believe opportunities exist for clinical trials that "don't require the tight randomization" current clinical trials do.
* Gottlieb says they would be willing to "speak truth to power" to argue if needed that there is "no causal link" between vaccines and autism.
* Gottlieb says opioid addiction epidemic is a public health emergency "on the order of Ebola and Zika."
* Gottlieb says they are "uniquely qualified" to prevent companies from using "regulatory arbitrage" to gain commercial advantage.
* Gottlieb says certain flavored vaping or e-cigarette products "might be inappropriate in one context and not in another." Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting by Toni Clarke)
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. — Even with several players recuperating from the flu bug, West Virginia's defence can still frustrate the tar out of opponents.
One game after allowing the most points in a Big 12 game since joining the league in 2012, No. 15 West Virginia overwhelmed Kansas State with its pressure, and the Mountaineers ended a three-game losing streak with an 89-51 victory Saturday.
"We're still 'Press Virginia,'" Mountaineers guard James "Beetle" Bolden said. "We've just got to come and play with the same energy every single night."
West Virginia (17-6, 6-5 Big 12) got a rare win after holding a double-digit lead over the past month. The Mountaineers have had such leads in five of its last seven games but have won just twice.
The illnesses took a toll on the Mountaineers in the past week and coach Bob Huggins was concerned about having enough available bodies to execute any type of defence Saturday, especially after a 93-77 loss Wednesday at Iowa State.
Five players have been sick, and guards Daxter Miles Jr. and Bolden required hospital trips. Bolden recovered enough to make their first career start in Miles' place, while Miles saw their first action of any kind in a week.
The Wildcats (16-7, 5-5) never led, were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers (15) than field goals (14).
"Our pressure really was pretty good," Huggins said. "We kind of backed it off at the end — I was just trying to save people's legs."
Knowing West Virginia's recent tendencies to relinquish big leads, especially in the second half, Kansas State coach Bruce Weber thought their team had a chance down 39-30 at halftime.
"But they just kept pushing it and we got a little frustrated, couldn't make some shots and it was like a snowball going down the hill and we couldn't stop it," Weber said.
The teenage soccer team trapped in a cave system in northern Thailand will spend another night almost a kilometer underground, after officials coordinating the rescue said they won't attempt to move them before Thursday.
New video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday showed the boys wrapped in foil blankets for warmth, as they speak up one by one, introducing themselves and saying “I am healthy.” One said “thank you” to everyone who is waiting for their rescue.
Claus Rasmussen, who is part of the rescue team, said the boys have told divers they heard dogs barking, a rooster crowing and children playing. That information now has teams looking at whether there is a chimney or hole they can access instead of trying to get the boys out through the water.
At least one plan to bring the boys back to the surface include having the teammates, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach, dive through the narrow flooded tunnels in full-face diving masks.
The plight of the boys and their coach has captured the world's attention. Former Real Madrid and Brazil soccer legend Ronaldo spoke to CNN at an event in Russia about the soccer team.
“It's terrible news and the world of football hopes that someone can find a way to take these kids out of there,” they said.
Austria and Leicester City star Christian Fuchs sent a video message of support Wednesday.
“We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12 players and their coach,” said Fuchs. “I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong.”
Fuchs won the Premier League title with Thai-owned Leicester in 2016.
“Hi, I'm Christian Fuchs from English Premier League team, Leicester City Football Club. We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12-players and their coach. I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong.”
In a press conference Wednesday morning, Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said it would be “difficult” to bring them out Wednesday. They said they didn't want to give an estimate on when they could be brought out and be reunited with their families.
“All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one,” they said.
To keep the boys' spirits up, authorities are attempting to set up phone lines inside the cave to allow them to talk to their parents.
However, attempts to install the cables have been unsuccessful so far, Maj. Gen. Bancha Duriyaphan said. One cable suffered water damage as divers transported it “around small passages.” Teams are attempting to take in a new one.
“When the telephone line is ready, we will have relatives talk to them. The pressure will be immensely reduced,” Maj. Gen. Chalongchai Chaiyakum, another military spokesperson, said.
Ticking clock
It's now been over 36 hours since the boys were first located by two British divers, and while SEAL divers have been able to reach them with food and medicine, conditions mean it's currently too risky to bring them out the same way the divers came in.
It's is a long, hazardous dive, even for the experienced Navy SEAL divers.
Seven of the navy team, including a doctor and nurse, spent Tuesday night in the dark with the boys and their coach, who have been trapped inside the cave since June 23. The insignia of the SEALs has been etched onto a rock face in the cave, video from the group's Facebook page shows.
Initial medical check-ups showed the boys to be in good health. Video showed some being treated for scrapes and mild rashes.
The doctor, Lt. Col. Park Loharachun, hasn't left the boys' side since diving into the cavern.
The divers are making the complicated dive back and forth to the small, cramped shelf where the boys have sheltered within the flooded cave complex. The group has been given high-protein gels to rebuild their strength.
After the initial contact with the British divers — two volunteer specialists who flew in to help with the search — the SEAL team returned to give the boys a meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, along with milk.
The focus now is on getting the teammates ready for the journey ahead. On Wednesday, the children — some of whom can't swim — practiced wearing the full-face oxygen masks they'll need to wear to survive the journey out.
They've tried using the equipment and breathing with it, but haven't been submerged in the flood water, Osottanakorn said, as currents are too strong.
The plan is to bring them out at different times, depending on their strength.
“They don't have to leave all at once. Those who are ready can come out first. We are reassessing the situation daily. We have to see they are ready. Therefore if we found any risk we won't carry out the (evacuation) plan,” they added.
A sense of urgency persists with unpredictable weather and the threat of more rain that could further flood the chambers. The governor said water is still being pumped out of the cave “at full speed” to reduce water levels.
Days of relatively fine weather have given rescuers a window to prepare for the moment the boys eventually emerge from the cave. Soldiers dressed in green fatigues practiced evacuation drills, linking arms to form a human wall around the mouth of the cave.
Difficult rescue
Debate remains over the best way to bring the boys to safety.
Given their weakness after a week with no food, trapped in the dark, and their unfamiliarity with scuba systems, some experts say it's too difficult to bring a group of novices through a cave system that has made even caving experts nervous.
Cade Courtley, a former US Navy SEAL and author of the “SEAL Survival Guide” told CNN that they “was part of a very special dive unit and this would be a challenging dive for me and my team… now you're going to ask 11 to 15-year-olds — some of whom cannot swim — to make that same journey for the first time breathing air underwater?”
The rescue in Thailand is “one of the toughest I've seen,” Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission and a rescue diver with 30 years' experience, told CNN.
The most dangerous option, they said, “is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters.”
“It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time,” they told CNN. “A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting them in danger.”
(Adds Chinese Foreign Ministry comment)
By Michelle Nichols
UNITED NATIONS May 3 The United States is negotiating with China on a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as new sanctions - to North Korea's repeated ballistic missile launches, which the 15-member body normally condemns in a statement, diplomats said.
It was not immediately clear how open Beijing might be to new sanctions. The council has traditionally boosted sanctions in response to North Korea's five nuclear tests and two long-range rocket launches.
Sanctions were first imposed on Pyongyang in 2006.
North Korea has in the past year stepped up its missile tests, firing dozens of various types of rockets, according to South Korea. The most recent test, which failed, came on Friday following a U.N. Security Council meeting on North Korea, chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
"The cumulative actions of the DPRK (North Korea) since their last nuclear test compel us to look at a range of measures that would apply pressure," said a spokesperson for the U.S. Permanent Mission to the United Nations on Tuesday.
"As Secretary Tillerson said on Friday, business as usual is not an option. We are exploring options for a response to this series of provocations with our Security Council colleagues," the spokesperson said.
Tillerson on Friday urged the Security Council to act before North Korea does.
Speaking in Beijing on Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said the only realistic, correct choice to resolve the North Korea issue was peacefully via talks.
But Security Council resolutions are clear that further measures would be taken in the event of more nuclear or missile tests, Geng added.
The Trump administration has been aggressively pressing Beijing to rein in its ally and neighbor North Korea, warning that all options are on the table if Pyongyang persists with its nuclear and missile development.
But China has said military threats would not help the situation and has accused the United States of fueling tensions on the Korean peninsula. Beijing on Tuesday reiterated its opposition to the deployment of the U.S.' THAAD anti-missile defense system in South Korea and urged it to be halted immediately.
The last round of complex sanctions imposed by the Security Council took three months to negotiate following Pyongyang's fifth nuclear test in September. Those measures aimed to cut North Korea's annual export revenue by a quarter.
Traditionally, the United States and China have negotiated new sanctions before involving remaining council members. U.N. diplomats said the current talks were still just between the pair.
At a minimum, the United States could push China to agree to condemn North Korea's missile launches in a resolution, instead of a statement, which may also blacklist more people and entities tied to the country's ballistic missile program.
This is what the council did in 2013 in response to North Korea's first launch of a long-range rocket, using ballistic missile technology, in 2012. Pyongyang said the rocket put a weather satellite into orbit. (Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by G Crosse)
A Mid-Michigan woman battling a deadly disease is hoping the power of social media will help make their dreams come true.
Scroll for more content...
Trisha Cory, 30, has end-stage cystic fibrosis. The life-threatening disorder causes thick mucus to build up, affecting the body and often leading to digestive and respiratory infections.
Trisha said their dream has always been to meet Taylor Swift.
They have tickets to Swift's concert on August 28 in Detroit, but she's hoping a viral Facebook post will help unite them with the singer.
"If all my friends could PLEASE share this with the hashtags #trisha2taylor and #taylorswift to help make my dreams come true on 8/28/18 I would appreciate it soo much!! Please tag anyone you think could help!" Trisha wrote.
The Facebook post has been shared more than 4,000 times.
THE Panthers fan at the centre of the investigation into racial abuse directed at South Sydney captain Greg Inglis won't be welcome back at Panthers Stadium regardless of whether the allegations can be proved.
The NRL Integrity Unit will on Tuesday continue their investigation into the matter at Penrith after Panthers management spoke to a club member on Monday following two days of exhaustive inquiries.
Speaking on Channel Nine's 100% Footy program on Monday night, Panthers executive general manager Phil Gould gave a detailed account of Penrith's search for the person responsible and how they would be dealt with.
Conceding that the matter is complicated as the man identified is denying that they said the racial slur they are accused of, Gould said the club will be taking a hard line stance on any members who behave poorly at Panthers Stadium.
RELATED: Greenberg's blunt message for Panthers fan
“Our decision as a club, we know what we're going to do with this,” Gould said.
“We're not going to tolerate it, we're not going to tolerate our members behaving like that near the tunnel in any way shape or form let alone racial abuse of someone like Greg Inglis.
“No one in society should have to put up with that.
Camera Icon Greg Inglis makes their way past Panthers fans and down the tunnel on Saturday. Photo: Mark Kolbe Picture: Getty Images
“We'll deal with it and they won't be welcome back at our ground.”
Inglis was forced from the field in the 47th minute for a head injury assessment and reported soon after getting into the dressing sheds that they heard someone from the crowd yell a racial slur as they made their way down the tunnel.
The Panthers launched an investigation immediately upon being informed of the allegation but Gould said nothing from the footage they were able to obtain definitively pointed to the person responsible.
“There was nothing on the CCTV vision that gave us any assistance whatsoever,” Gould explained.
“We got all the CCTV vision from our cameras, we got the broadcaster's cameras to see if there were any reactions in the tunnel, we got from Greg exactly the time that they heard this and when it happened.
“There were security guards and police in the vicinity so we then contacted the security firm.
“Their report came in at 10am and they had a security guard say that they had had a problem with two of the Panther members that were sitting in the proximity of the tunnel.
“One of them was addressed by police on a different matter and another one they felt was the person that made this abuse.
“We've since contacted that member and they were interviewed by our management.
“I wasn't in that meeting, I wasn't privy to what happened but I understand the information from that meeting has now been sent to the NRL Integrity Unit and they'll be at Penrith tomorrow (Tuesday) to conduct their own inquiry on it.”
Both the Jackson and Hancock County Office of Emergency Services are recommending a voluntary evacuation on Saturday morning for people living in low-lying areas near waterways.
Tropical Storm Nate is expected to impact South Mississippi as a hurricane over the weekend, bringing a storm surge of up to 10 feet, according to officials with the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency.
People living in low-lying areas will see the greatest impact from the storm surge and expected heavy rains. Those who plan to seek refuge in a shelter are asked to make sure that all items (bedding, medicine, drinks, snacks, etc.) are self-contained.
LIST: Sandbag stations available across the Coast
LIST: Storm shelters open ahead of tropical storm
Multiple Coast counties encourage voluntary evacuations
Three shelters will open in Jackson County at 8 a.m. The Jackson County Animal Shelter will be staged at each shelter to board pets for people who evacuate.
Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates, and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
CLEVELAND — A bag that washed ashore near a private harbour has been confirmed as coming from a small plane carrying six people that disappeared over Lake Erie near Cleveland, authorities said Monday as they resumed a search for the missing aircraft.
The city said there have been multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and two neighbours departed late Thursday. John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting. Their wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbours were also aboard.
Police confirmed that a bag recovered Sunday was from the aircraft. It was found near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community. No other details were released immediately.
The other debris hadn't been verified as coming from the Cessna 525 Citation.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles (3 km) out, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends went to a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The city of Cleveland said there were light winds and fairly calm waters Monday for seven vessels and four dive teams searching waters 35 to 45 feet deep. The search grid area is some 2.5 miles (4 km) from east to west along the shoreline and 2 miles (3 km) north to south into the lake.
The U.S. Coast Guard and crews from Cleveland city agencies, the cities of Akron and Toledo, Ohio's Department of Natural Resources, New York State Police and Underwater Marine Contractors are involved in the search by air, shore and water.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles (332 sq. km) of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness fell Sunday.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board are investigating.
Recent news:
Allied World hires Australia onshore construction head
Matthew Neill 14 February 2017
Allied World Global Markets has appointed Karsten Buescher as assistant vice president for onshore construction business in Australia.
Buescher will report to Clifford Scott, the company's head of onshore construction in the Asia Pacific region.
The assistant vice president has held roles at companies including FM Insurance Company and Munich Re and has two decades of experience in engineering, underwriting and risk engineering, Allied World said.
According to their LinkedIn profile, Buescher will write a number of lines including contractors&...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The order, issued by Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade, is a response to the security scare springing from the continuing crisis in Marawi
Published 6:10 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade on June 5 ordered the Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) to intensify security over the country's waters.
Through Department Order (DO) No. 2017-008, the PCG was directed "to take over the security supervision of ports and shipping, whether public or private, including the egress and ingress to all waterways from the Maritime Industry Administration (Marina) and Philippine Ports Authority (PPA)."
The order is a response to the security scare springing from the continuing crisis in Marawi City which led to the declaration of martial law over the entire island region of Mindanao.
In line with its mandate under Republic Act 5173, the PCG will be controlling movement of all vessels in seaports and harbors and designating security zones around at least 1,600 ports of the country.
The PCG will also strictly enforce maritime security communications; supervise, regulate, and control port police and private security guards, K9 entities, divers and underwater operations in all maritime-related facilities and infrastructure.
In addition, it will enforce the ports and ships identification system and inspect cargoes to restrict travel of suspicious individuals and to prevent the transport of contraband.
The PCG may arrest, seize, or detain persons, cargo, and vessels found violating maritime security and other pertinent laws, and file the necessary charges.
Over Mindanao waters, the PCG may set and enforce security measures within the bounds of the International Ships and Ports Security Code and the Philippine Constitution's provisions on martial law.
Only persons "judicially charged for rebellion or offenses inherent in or directly connected with the invasion" are deprived of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus. (READ: Martial Law 101: Things you should know)
The order will be effective until July 22 when martial law hits its 60th day. If the President requests or if public safety calls for it, martial law may be extended by Congress.
Read the full order here:
D.O. No. 2017-008 Control and Supervision of Ports and Ships Security Operations by the PCG by Ram Talabong on Scribd
– Rappler.com
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
May 3 Progressive Corp
* Progressive Corp says on april 28, co renewed its unsecured, discretionary line of credit with PNC Bank, National Association
* Says it increased line of credit to a principal amount of $250 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ANOTHER cyclone could be headed for the Northern Territory, with the Bureau of Meteorology expected to issue a Cyclone Watch on Wednesday.
A tropical low located 500km north of Nhulunbuy is travelling west into the Arafura Sea, and has the potential to develop into a tropical cyclone on Thursday or Friday.
The north eastern Top End coast is the area of the highest risk of impact.
It is too early for the Bureau of Meteorology to determine how strong the system might be, but they could issue cyclone alerts as early as Wednesday.
The current outlook shows a moderate chance of a cyclone forming on Thursday, followed by a high chance on Friday.
More to come
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
A new liberal Super PAC is targeting Gov. Andrew Cuomo in a TV ad alleging that they are overseeing rampant political corruption in state government. The Enough is Enough organization...
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A prominent Washington lawyer who authored a report that's a key part of the special counsel's investigation into Paul Manafort has left their law firm.
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom confirmed Tuesday that Greg Craig, a former White House counsel under President Barack Obama, is no longer with the firm. Their biography has been removed from the law firm website. The firm didn't immediately comment beyond confirming their departure.
Craig wrote a report funded by the Ukrainian Ministry of Justice about the trial of a former Ukrainian prime minister.
That report is cited in the indictment against Manafort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairperson. Manafort is accused of using offshore accounts to secretly funnel more than $4 million to fund the report.
Advertisement
Craig is not accused of any wrongdoing.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Duke Energy's 800,000 Indiana customers could see their electric bills drop by an average of 5.6 percent this year.
Scroll for more content...
Indiana's largest electric utility says the cut is related to federal tax changes, which reduced taxes for many investor-owned utilities.
Duke says it struck a deal with the state's consumer watchdog and industry groups to share some savings with consumers. State utility regulators still must sign off on the plan before a cut can be made.
Duke Energy says it will provide average savings of $7.33 a month for customers using 1,000 kilowatt-hours. The Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor says other utilities have adjusted rates or plan to do so.
They include: Aqua Indiana, Indiana Michigan Power, Northern Indiana Public Service and Vectren.
Moscow on Friday faced more than 130 fake bomb calls that prompted the evacuation of shopping malls, schools, railway stations and office buildings. About 100,000 people had to leave.
It was the most massive flurry of fake bomb threats since a wave of bomb hoaxes began in early September. The fake bomb threats have affected dozens of Russian cities and incurred massive economic damages.
Among those targeted by the bomb calls Friday were all four Moscow airports, five railway stations, 15 shopping malls, several hotels, more than 20 schools and many other venues, the state Tass news agency said. No explosives have been found in the anonymous calls.
Flights to and from Moscow weren't affected, as security agents at the airports checked for explosives without holding evacuations.
The bomb calls continued until the evening, when the Luzhniki sports arena and office buildings in the Moscow City district were evacuated — including the Moscow city hall legislature and the government's analytical centre.
Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the Federal Security Service (FSB), the main KGB successor, said Thursday the agency had tracked down four people suspected of engineering the wave of hoaxes.
Bortnikov said the suspects were Russians living abroad who had accomplices inside the country, but they wouldn't identify them or describe their motives. They added that the perpetrators were using internet connections to make the calls, making them hard to identify.
Russian media have speculated that the fake calls might have been launched from neighbouring Ukraine — which has been angered by Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea and it supports for pro-Russia separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine — or staged by other Kremlin foes. There has been no evidence to back any of the theories, however.
The Associated Press
An East Texas man was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty for continuous sexual abuse of a child under 14.
According to a post on the Rusk County and District Attorney's Office Facebook page, Norman Copeland, 50, was called before trial on Oct., 4th after being charged and indicted with the offense of continuous sexual abuse of a child under the age of 14.
Upon listening to the evidence and the argument of counsel, Copeland was found guilty for the offense.
Copeland was then sentenced to life without possibility of parole, according to the post.
Driving in ideal weather is a life-or-death adventure, so I am amazed and pleasantly surprised to be sitting at my kitchen table typing right now after spending the last two hours commuting through a blinding blizzard on a snowmobile track previously known as a highway.
I got myself trapped 100 kilometres from home and I blame a forecast that didn't seem all that scary. A few centimetres of snow. Big deal. It's called January.
Well, at 5 p.m. drew closer, those few centimetres were falling every two minutes. When I pulled out of the parking lot, the road was covered with snow but light on cars because most sane people ditched work early to get home. Apparently they were scared by the "centimetre-a-geddon" forecast.
Not me. Have you ever gotten out on the road and been trapped in weather you were not expecting? I very quickly realized that it really was unfit for travel. Snow was blowing and swirling over the highway in those hypnotizing, dizzying patterns (oh, and blinding at times, can't forget blinding). The road was hidden and only a couple of faint tire tracks told me where to point my car. Had I known how bad it was, I would have bunked down in a hotel for the night.
But there I was, out there in the middle of it. I didn't know if I should turn back or push forward. I wasn't sure if I should start praying or crying. Pulling over seemed like a disaster waiting to happen.
As a small caravan of vehicles continued to slowly and carefully make our way down the road, I was stunned by the small number of incredibly brave and noble drivers who felt the need to pull out and pass. Who are these loons? Where are they going? How do they make the decision to pull into a passing lane when the passing lane is completely covered in snow and ice?
It's usually either someone in a large pickup truck or, and this is strange but true, someone in some little, old crapmobile. Watch the passing lane. If someone pulls out and passes you in bad weather, if they aren't in a giant truck, odds are good they are in a Sunfire, a Focus or a Yaris. Nothing against those cars, but if I was in one in a storm, I feel like I would be a little cautious and defensive not busting out of the pack to get to ... where are they in such a hurry to get to again?
Anyway, I would not have bet $1 that I would have made it through the storm without at least a minor accident (and not ruling out blindly driving off a cliff) but after taking twice as long as normal to get there, I was home safe. And speaking of betting, don't forget that this Sunday it's time for the Super Bowl of football games — the Super Bowl!
Are you ready for some commercials? I mean footballs? If not, you better get ready because you are about to get an extra-large, supersized, all-you-can-eat, bottomless, deep-dish, triple-stacked, topped with melty cheese and bacon bits serving of it. You can have some guac too — it does cost a little extra though.
I am a sports guy. I like to watch sports, including football. But even I am starting to get overstuffed with the spectacle of it all. It's a football game. An American football game. We are in Canada. We pretend to have a favourite team but really, we have no stake in this thing.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Swiss drugmaker Novartis AG is seen at its headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
ZURICH A new leukemia treatment from Novartis for children and young adults will get priority review from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), putting the Swiss drugmaker ahead of rivals working on similar cancer therapies.
The FDA's announcement late Wednesday means the regulator plans to take action within six months on Novartis's so-called chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy, or CAR-T, in partnership with University of Pennsylvania researchers.
The medicine, called CTL019, is a treatment for young patients with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Novartis shares were little changed on Thursday, but UK-based Oxford BioMedica, which makes ingredients for CTL019 and will reap undisclosed royalties from future sales, rose more than 4.5 percent on the announcement.
The therapy involves taking a patient's own T-cells, altering them in the lab to help the immune system find and kill cancer cells, and then re-infusing them into the patient.
Basel-based Novartis is now in pole position with regulators as it pushes for approval alongside rivals including biotech Kite Pharma Inc that are developing similar therapies.
"With CTL019, Novartis is at the forefront of the science and development of immunocellular therapy as a potential new innovative approach to treating certain cancers where there are limited options," Vas Narasimhan, Novartis head of drug development, said in a statement.
CTL019 will likely cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient if approved, and Novartis counts it among drugs it believes will eventually exceed $1 billion in annual sales.
Analysts do not expect significant sales to materialize quickly, however, due in part to the challenging process necessary to extract, re-engineer and re-infuse T cells for each patient.
This complexity is among factors that will "likely constrain commercial implications for CTL019 near term," wrote Emmanuel Papadakis, a Barclays analyst who expects the therapy to win approval in the third quarter and to be launched in early 2018.
In a Phase II study, Novartis said 82 percent of patients infused with CAR-T cells achieved complete remission or complete remission with incomplete blood count recovery at three months after treatment. In December, Novartis estimated 60 percent of those responders were relapse-free after six months.
The company plans to submit an application for market authorization with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) later this year. It also plans eventually to seek approval for CTL019 to be used in patients with certain types of relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma, another type of blood cancer.
(Reporting by John Miller; Editing by Mark Potter)
An HIV positive man has been accused of attempting to infect Grindr dates with sabotaged condoms, according to a report.
26-year-old Daryll Rowe, from Edinburgh, Scotland, allegedly “insisted on unprotected sex with their partners, claiming to be free of the virus, then tampered with the condom when they insisted they used them.”
advertisement
Rowe then reportedly sent “mocking text messages” to partners after sex boasting they were HIV positive.
“Maybe you have the fever. I came inside you and I have HIV LOL. Oops!” Rowe allegedly wrote in one message, while in a phone call to another they reportedly proclaimed, “I ripped the condom. You're so stupid. You didn't even know.”
Rowe, who faces charges of “infecting four men with the virus and attempting to infect a further six between October 2015 and December 2016,” has denied all allegations.
According to Pink News, intentionally infecting another person with HIV is considered Grievous Bodily Harm in the United Kingdom, and offenders can face life in prison.
Doctors have claimed that Rowe, who was diagnosed with HIV in April 2015, “became concerned when they refused antiretroviral drugs that can make those infected person less contagious.”
“He was warned they could be prosecuted for passing [HIV] on or even putting someone at risk of contracting HIV from him,” proclaimed prosecutor Caroline Carberry QC. “He told their doctors they were not going to engage in any unprotected sex again, but failed to attend further appointments in Edinburgh and by this time they had moved to Brighton.”
“He had no obvious family or other connections in the area, although they had been in communication online on a dating app, Grindr, with a number of men,” they continued, adding, “Through Grindr, the prosecution say, they were in contact with men that they would later go on to infect or attempt to affect with HIV.”
At least one partner was diagnosed with HIV after allegedly having sex with Rowe.
Grindr, a popular dating app for gay and bisexual men, has previously been used by criminals to rob and assault users, and in December, a fifty-year-old man was jailed for killing and cannibalizing a police officer who they met on the app.
April 24 Tassal Group Ltd
* There is clear evidence, following latest survey findings, that Tassal's Middle Harbour lease 214 and Gordon lease 219 are back to 100% full compliance.
* Confirm positive environmental improvement results at macquarie harbour Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
ALEXANDRIA, V.A. (WLNE) – A member of congress and three others were shot this morning in an ambush at a Virginia baseball field Wednesday morning.
President Trump said Wednesday afternoon that the shooter has died.
Five people were shot including the gunman.
A group from Congress was practicing for their annual charity baseball game when the gunman opened fire.
Congressman Steve Scalise, the House Majority Whip from Louisiana, was shot in the hip and is in stable condition.
Two Capitol Police officers are also recovering from gun shot wounds.
A congressional staff member is also in stable condition.
The news of the shooting cast a dark cloud over Capitol Hill Wednesday, and lawmakers are in shock over the incident.
Congressman Langevin described Congressman Scalise as a colleague and friend, saying they'd always see eye to eye despite their differing political views.
ABC6 also caught up with Governor Raimondo about the ambush attack.
"What happened today was just a terrible tragedy. Bring this deranged individual to justice. It shakes you to the core to think you could be out on a beautiful Wednesday morning in a field in a suburban neighborhood in broad daylight and have this happen … and right now my heart goes out to them and I just wish them the strength to recover,” stated Raimondo.
Additional security presence on Capitol Hill was apparent Wednesday.
Massachusetts is also deploying additional security at their capitol buildings.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
The Harrison Central Red Rebelettes secure the top seed in the Region 8-6A ranks following a down-to-the-wire 37-35 win over the home standings Biloxi Indians. Harrison Central jumped out quickly and led 11 to 4 after the first quarter behind the excellent play of Chyna Allen. They were all over the court, stealing the ball, drove to the hoop for baskets and hit from long range.
Biloxi would catch fire in the second quarter and outscored the Red Rebelettes 12 to 4 and led 16 to 15 at the half. Analya White helped spark the Lady Indians assault.
Biloxi built a five point lead in the fourth quarter, but Allen drilled a trey to cut the Lady Indians lead 31-30. With under two minutes remaining De'Asia Booker tied the game at 35.
Both teams turned the ball over in the final minute. With under 30 seconds left, Da'Mia Henry hit one of two free throws and later Yolanda Nelson connected on one of two foul shots and that proved to be the difference in the game. Biloxi tried in desperation to score a bucket, missed and Harrison Central prevailed 37-35 and is the No. 1 seed. With a fourth straight loss, Biloxi became the fourth seed. Hancock defeated Gulfport 38-30.
St. Martin girls knocked off D'Iberville 51-45.
In the Harrison Central-Biloxi boys game, the Indians jumped out quickly against the Red Rebels. The Indians suffered their first loss of the season against Harrison Central 60-55 on January 12. On Friday Roshaun Jones Jr. set the tone for Biloxi by opening the game with a trey. The Indians would hold off the Red Rebels 50-45, but Harrison Central secured the No. 1 seed in Region 8-6A. Both teams were 5 and 1, both teams swept Hancock and Gulfport, but the Red Rebels outscored the Admirals by a combined 19 points in those two wins, while the Indians outscored Gulfport by a combined 15 points.
Gulfport is the No. 3 seed and Hancock the No. 4 seed.
St. Martin beat rival D'Iberville 57-50. Due to injuries and the flu bug, Yellow Jackets head coach Charlie Pavlus was down to four varsity players. That meant they had to play some JV kids and they responded. Sophomore Julian Sullivan threw up a prayer before the buzzer, from well beyond half court, the ball hit the glass and went in.
Ocean Springs defeated Vancleave 56-46. Stone continued their winning ways with a 66-55 victory over Long Beach. St. Stanislaus beat Pass Christian 48-37.
Bay High traveled to St. Patrick and returned to Bay St. Louis with a 62-54 win.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CATHERINE, the Duchess of Cambridge, is a hypnobirther who uses techniques including self-hypnosis and visualisation during labour, leaving them ready to appear before the world's media looking fresh faced and camera ready just seven hours after giving birth.
The Courier-Mailcan reveal the HypnoBirthing International Institute has confirmed that Catherine trained in its techniques and has used them during labour.
It comes as Arthur remains the red-hot favourite for the new royal baby's name, expected to be revealed by Prince William and Catherine as soon as today.
HypnoBirthing International vice-president Vivian Keeler said the royal couple used the program for their first two births and understands that the techniques would have been used during the birth of their third child.
The Mongan Method is designed to allow the mother to feel connected to their body, their baby and partner.
HypnoBirthing International Australian faculty member Anthea Thomas said the birthing technique would explain Catherine's relaxed appearance so soon after their son's birth.
“Once a hypnobirther always a hypnobirther. Once you have learned the techniques you don't forget them and continue them into subsequent births,” they said.
“I believe that the royal couple had the normal five sessions in a private setting.
“During pregnancy Kate would have learned how to visualise the birth they wanted, they would learn how to breathe the baby down in mother-directed birth and self-hypnosis is practised so the mother knows how to calm herself. When the body is tensed it heightens pain and lengthens the labour.”
Ms Thomas said Prince William would have played an important role in the birth.
“Partners are taught to act as advocates and lead mum in voice and touch. They know the right questions to ask and how to stay calm,” they said.
Congratulations were yesterday pouring in from across the globe with everyone from British Prime Minister Theresa May to US talk show host Ellen DeGeneres sending their best wishes to William and Catherine.
UK bookmakers were still taking bets last night on what the new baby's name will be, with Arthur the favourite across all major agencies. Albert, James, Philip, Thomas and Edward were also top picks with Catherine and William expected to choose a traditional name that has ties to the royal family.
Commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said it was expected the couple “consulted with the Queen” before choosing the name.
“Arthur is the name I suspect they will choose because of the legendary mythical King Arthur who was linked to the round table,” they said.
“This will be a nod to one of the most famous myths in British history.”
Mr Fitzwilliams said Albert could also be chosen as a tribute to both Queen Victoria's husband and the Queen's own father, whose first name was Albert but went by George when they took the throne.
Prince George and Princess Charlotte's names were both announced within two days of their births.
When leaving the Lindo Ward yesterday Prince William told reporters “you'll find out soon enough” when asked about the name.
Holding up three fingers they joke “thrice the worry now”, adding that the couple were “very happy, delighted”.
As the UK celebrated the arrival of the baby prince, London's landmarks were lit in celebration, with the famous Tower Bridge and the Golden Jubilee Bridge turned blue. The BT Tower projected the words “it's a boy” across the top of the tower, and the London Eye was illuminated in the colours of the Union Jack.
Wearing a red Jenny Packham dress, the Duchess yesterday channelled the outfit Princess Diana wore when they stood on the same steps in 1984 to introduce Prince Harry to the world. Prince William and Catherine appeared relaxed as they showed off their sleeping son to the world's media and hundreds of adoring fans.
The new baby is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth spot. But Princess Charlotte will not lose their spot as fourth in line due to the baby's gender as the Royal Succession Act was changed in 2013.
In the past few days, Kanye West has reemerged publicly, returning to Twitter with a series of troubling tweets and giving a strange interview on the radio.
But many people close to the 40-year-old rapper tell PEOPLE that their private behavior has also been cause for concern. According to several sources, West has cut off contact with many members of their inner circle, including their managers, lawyers and closest friends — and he's also had multiple arguments with their mother-in-law Kris Jenner.
Sources say that West will get so excited about their latest projects that they sometimes forget to respect other people's boundaries.
“I don't know if I've ever seen them like this,” a friend of West tells PEOPLE. “He's all over the place. Excited. Loud. He's sleeping very little, texting at all hours of the day or night. Coming up with ideas, sending them to people and instructing everyone to drop everything and collaborate. They truly feel like it's the most exciting stuff in the world.”
Gilbert Carrasquillo/Getty
“He'll get something in their mind – a lyric or even a phrase, and he's so excited that he'll send 23 texts about it at 2:30 in the morning,” the friend continues. “It's like they have discovered a cure for cancer. He's that excited. And what they want from you is to acknowledge that excitement and to reflect it back to him.”
“Everyone is super, super worried,” says another source close to the situation. “He just looks at you with a void. It's like he's mute and can't talk and they just stares at you. The way they say things with such affirmation, they genuinely believe he's God and a genius and that they can do everything on their own.”
However, another West source says that the rapper's behavior isn't out of the ordinary.
“I think a lot of that stuff is Kanye,” says the West source. “He's always been like that. Kanye's definitely the most genius and eccentric and erratic person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.”
“Kanye is a person who by nature just revs really high and is really active and expends a lot of energy and will work and work and work … and then hits a wall,” continues the source. “I've seen that a million times. I've seen them fall asleep sitting up, just from pushing himself, not sleeping properly. That's part of being Kanye.”
“He wants to engage,” says the friend. “He wants to be friendly. They want to talk to you. But it's just a bit off. Like he's being overly excitable about things that aren't really that exciting. Kanye can be trying when he's like this; it's very hard to deal with right now.”
Kim Kardashian Instagram
In late 2016, West was hospitalized for exhaustion after canceling their Saint Pablo tour. Fans saw Kim Kardashian West, 37, break down on Keeping Up with the Kardashians earlier this year as footage from that trying time finally aired.
The West source — who says the star “seemed great” during a phone call last week — adds that the rapper's actions are also being seen “through a different lens” after their health issues.
Multiple sources insist that West's behavior, while alarming, doesn't rise to the level of being dangerous — and that Kardashian West is doing their best to be supportive.
“Kim is trying to control them and the situation, but they can't be controlled,” says the source about the couple, who are parents to 3-month-old Chicago, Saint, 2, and North, 4½. “She's trying their best to support them on social media and show a different side of things, but it's just not working.”
“I need to be clear: everyone is safe around him,” adds the friend. “Kanye says that she's doing great, that she's a part of their process. They love them very much, and he's really excited about the kids, as well, all of them. They talk about them nonstop. So if you take what they say at face value, everything's fine at home. But Kim is right to be concerned.”
“But the truth is that people are right to be worried,” the friend says. “He's not acting well, and they seem to be on the edge. I hope and pray they can get it together.”
(Adds details, background)
By Michael Flaherty
NEW YORK, April 20 Shareholders of Innoviva Inc. handed a narrow victory to the U.S. respiratory drug company, according to a person close to the matter, as its fight against activist hedge fund Sarissa Capital saw several last minute twists and turns.
Innoviva shareholders supported the company's three director nominees at the annual meeting, according to the person who has access to the preliminary voting totals.
Sarissa had nominated three of its own directors, after months of pressuring changes at the company.
While Innoviva was spared a board shake up, the narrow victory - even with GSK's support - shows that a significant portion of its shareholders agreed with Sarissa's complaints.
The hedge fund, which owns a 2.72 percent stake in Innoviva, had accused the company of spending too much money on executive pay and board compensation, given that its only function is to manage the drug royalties it receives from GlaxoSmithKline Plc .
In a dramatic turn that played out late until Wednesday night, the two sides nearly agreed to avoid the vote through a settlement but the company bowed out of the plan at the last minute when it became clearer that it may win all three seats . The person close to the matter said a settlement would have added two of Sarissa's director nominees to the board.
Board of director proxy fights that go all the way to a vote often come down to the support of the large index fund managers who have until the very last minute before to cast their ballots.
Innoviva and Sarissa were not immediately available for comment.
GlaxoSmithKline, which has a 29.3 percent stake in Innoviva, previously said it voted in support of the company's nominees.
Earlier this month, Innoviva announced plans to undertake a review of cost and executive compensation structures that it said could result in "meaningful savings in our core operating costs that will benefit our financial performance.
Innoviva, which has a market valuation of $1.5 billion as of Wednesday's close, had 14 employees as of 2016, according to its annual filing. The annual compensation of CEO Michael Aguiar, a point of contention the Sarissa highlighted in its campaign, was $3.56 million in 2015, according to a regulatory filing.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Bernard Orr)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MUSKEGON, Mich. – An 8-year-old girl is suspected in the death of a 1-year-old boy who was found dead at a Muskegon, Michigan, day care when their mother went to pick them up last week, police said Monday.
Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis called it one of the worst cases he's seen, MLive.com reported.
"I thought I saw everything," Lewis said, according to the news outlet. "This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it."
The boy, identified by sister station WXMI in Grand Rapids as Korey Brown, had bite marks and bruises all over their body when they were found, according to this mother.
"Bruises and bite marks on their face, bite marks on their fingers," their mother, Bryanna Reasonover, told WXMI. "It was bad. I found Korey in a Pack 'N Play, they were laying in there like they were asleep."
An autopsy was performed Saturday, but a cause of death has not been released.
The baby's body was found concealed in a bedroom at the home day care where their mother had dropped them off, the police chief told MLive.com.
Korey was apparently crying when the "8-year-old dealt with the baby crying," Lewis said. There were apparently no adults supervising the children, and the only witness to what happened was a 5-year-old.
The 8-year-old girl was taken to a hospital where they underwent a mental evaluation, MLive.com reported.
Reasonover told WXMI they dropped off Korey and their three other children at Keysha's Keepers day care.
"When their face rolled over, they had all these bruises on the side of their face. And that's when I said, 'What's wrong with my baby's face?'" they said.
Reasonover said day care employees had no idea anything was wrong with Korey. They apparently never woke up and did not regain consciousness.
"It doesn't seem real. It still doesn't seem real to this day. It seems like a dream and I'm going to wake up and he's going to be here," they said.
WXMI went to the day care and tried to speak with the owner, Keysha Collins, but nobody was available for comment. Phone calls were also not immediately returned, the station reported.
State records show the facility's license was approved in November and expires next month.
* German yields hold above one-month lows
* 10 pct oil price rise boosts inflation outlook
* France's Macron clashes with Le Pen in presidential debate
* Polls show Macron has most convincing programme
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 5 A surge in oil prices and easing concerns over France's upcoming presidential election appeared to put the brakes on a fall in euro zone government bond yields on Wednesday.
Germany's 10-year bond yield -- the bloc's benchmark -- has halved over the last three weeks as investors reassessed fiscal stimulus from the United States and the time scale for the withdrawal of monetary easing in the single currency area.
But a near 10 percent rise in the price of oil over the last fortnight, and the inflationary impact that will bring, has started to make money managers reconsider the outright level of yields.
One of the justifications for these levels is the political risk presented by next month's French presidential election, where eurosceptic Marine Le Pen is one of the leading contenders.
I chances though were seen diminishing after a TV debate on Tuesday where a snap poll showed them as the fourth-most-convincing candidate, trailing Jean-Luc Melenchon, Emmanuel Macron and Francois Fillon.
"The rally has been strong in recent days and an interruption in this trend should be expected," ING's senior rates strategist Martin van Vliet said.
"With the TV debate in France not showing a surprisingly strong showing for Le Pen, the flight to safety theme is weakening."
Analysts said the sale of four billion euros of five-year bonds from Germany on Wednesday and caution ahead of the release of minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve's latest meeting was also keeping yields in a holding pattern. Investors tend to sell existing bonds in their portfolio to make room for new supply.
German 10-year bond yields rose 1 basis point to 0.26 percent on Wednesday, off a one-month low of 0.24 percent breached Tuesday but still well off a 14-month high of 0.51 percent seen in the middle of last month.
Most other euro zone yields were flat or slightly higher on the day.
The gap between French and German bond yields was a fraction tighter after the presidential debate in which leading candidate Macron clashed sharply with Le Pen over Europe.
While polls showed Macron lost out to the far-left's Melenchon as the most convincing performer in the debate, their plan for office was seen as the most credible of all the candidates.
With political fears easing, investor attention switched to oil which climbed near one-month highs on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories and concerns about a supply outage at a field in Britain's North Sea.
The oil rise is expected to feed through into future inflation gauges closely watched by policymakers in the European Central Bank, some of whom are arguing that economic conditions warrant the withdrawal of its bond-buying scheme.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
Day two of the Nassar sentencing hearing in Eaton County was disrupted when a father of three of the survivors lunged at Nassar.
Scroll for more content...
Randall Margraves swore at Nassar, and then requested five minutes alone with him. The judge informed them that would not be allowed, and they lunged at the defendant.
Margraves are taken out of the courtroom and into police custody. People in the gallery were crying as police took Margrave into custody.
Conservative media pioneer Matt Drudge slammed drugmaker Sanofi-Aventis on Wednesday for mocking Roseanne Barr's suggestion that their racially charged remark about Obama White House aide Valerie Jarrett was induced by Ambien.
“The drug company mocking Roseanne for their mental illness while they drug a generation is a new low!” Drudge tweeted at the drugmaker's Twitter handle, @ SanofiUS, including three sources detailing the drug's scary side effects.
AMBIEN SIDE EFFECTS @SanofiUS
Rapid heartbeat
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Impaired vision
Slow breathing
Memory loss
Disorientation
Depression, suicidal thoughts
Anxiety
Insomnia
Nightmares
Confusion
Dizziness
Aggression
Addiction
Withdrawal, which can be life-threatening — MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) May 30, 2018
The drug company mocking Roseanne for their mental illness while they drug a generation is a new low! @SanofiUS https://t.co/KBLYeg2kDi https://t.co/70m5vNliAi https://t.co/K4jsCTvxKf — MATT DRUDGE (@DRUDGE) May 30, 2018
The first report — published by Thought Catalog, titled “44 Ambien Stories That Will Creep You To Eff Out” — is a listicle of people recounting their bizarre experiences while on the drug.
One person says they had no recollection of purchases they made on Amazon.
I tried Ambien for a while. I would take it about 30 minutes before going to bed and browse around online, waiting for it to kick in. I started receiving packages from Amazon that I didn't order. It was all good stuff that I liked, so I called around to family and friend trying to figure out who was so kind to send me stuff. When my credit card bill came, everything was on there, thankfully nothing I couldn't afford. I checked my Amazon account, and apparently I ordered them myself and don't recall it. Thanks Ambien. I stopped taking it for fear of what else I might do.
Another alleges they couldn't recall sending text messages while on the drug.
Last week I took an Ambien. When I woke up I had changed my shirt and was naked from the waste down. An open but unused condom was on the bed next to me. At 4 in the morning I had texted one of my female friends: “Come to our wonderspace Barely come in Geab son quick teickests ourtaude bsx quick ticks t”
The second link is of Ambien's rating on Ask a Patient, an online database that ranks prescription drugs and their side effects.
“Never should have started when dr prescribed this. I am presently weaning off. Good riddance to this drug. Nothing positive to gain taking it,” one comment reads.
“Unfortunately, I've been taking for 12 years and think I'm addicted. I'm working to get off the medication completely,” says another.
The third source, an article featured on Ranker.com, lists 12 “horrifying acts of violence” perpetrated by those who were allegedly on the drug.
Roseanne Barr set off a firestorm of criticism on Tuesday after describing Jarrett as the product of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes, a remark they have since apologized for, later claiming they “Ambien tweeting.”
“Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me,” they said in a now-deleted tweet.
“It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
Responding to Barr's tweet, Sanofi-Aventis attempted to dismiss the notion that the drug may have influenced the actor-comedian's comments.
“People of all races, religions, and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” wrote the pharmaceutical company Sanofi on Twitter. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Hours after the remark, ABC canceled Roseanne, saying in a statement, “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel them show.”
MIAMI Open tournament director James Blake on Monday urged tennis chiefs to rethink seeding rules after Serena Williams was handed a tough draw at this week's event in Florida.
Blake believes Williams is effectively being penalised for taking maternity leave by existing WTA tournament regulations.
The 23-time Grand Slam-winning American heads into this week's Miami Open as an unseeded player after taking 13 months off to have their first child.
Such a lengthy absence means she's currently ranked 491 and although the 36-year-old can use a protected world standing to enter up to eight tournaments during a 12-month period - thus avoiding qualifying - it does not apply to seedings.
Them comeback in Indian Wells at the start of the month was derailed in the third round when they came up against sister Venus - their earliest meeting since the second round of the Australian Open in 1998.
And now in their “home” tournament in Miami, which they have won eight times, Williams has been drawn against precocious Naomi Osaka, the Japanese 20-year-old who arrives in South Florida having lifted the Indian Wells title at the weekend for their first major honour.
Special seedings were sometimes applied to those players returning from long lay-offs but that rule was scrapped by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA).
Blake, the former US player and new tournament director of the Miami Open believes the WTA have treated Williams harshly ahead of their opener with Osaka on Wednesday.
- ‘A kind of punishment' -
“I think they are going to start talking about changing the way some seedings are done and I hope they do,” Blake told AFP.
“For someone who goes on maternity break, they should be protected. This kind of things shouldn't happen. They have won this title so many times that they need protection.
“It's not as if they left because of injury and lost their passion for the game. They had a kid which we should all be celebrating so when they come back there should be a grace period where they can still be seeded.
“It's a kind of punishment which is tough. I hope they revisit those talks although it will be too late for them unless they decide to have another child,” Blake added.
Taking on Osaka so early in the tournament will be difficult for Williams who is understandably taking time to return to their very best.
However Blake added: “I may be complaining about it but they never would.  They are looking forward to every day as a new challenge and that's what makes them such a good champion.
“But for me, from the outside looking in, it makes sense to protect someone who goes on maternity leave and help them get the benefit of an easier draw and a better path.” Williams, who is a minority owner of the Dolphins, was all smiles as they helped unveil new plans for the Miami Open which will see the Hard Rock stadium converted into a 14,000-seater tennis arena while another 29 courts will be built in the car parks and surrounding area.
“For now I will just be a player, who knows what will happen in the future,” said Williams of their role in the new-look tournament.
“I feel every week, every day I am getting better. Having a part-ownership of the tournament is something that I will look forward to. I am always trying to inspire people to dream their biggest.”
In an interview with a local television outlet, Evergreen State College President George Bridges claims that they are “deeply disappointed” by the protesters who forced professor Bret Weinstein to move their class off campus.
In an interview conducted with KING-5 News, an NBC-affiliate in Seattle, Washington, Evergreen State College President George Bridges condemned the behavior of the protesters who forced professor Bret Weinstein to relocate their class sessions due to safety concerns.
Bridges, who had previously lauded the courage of the student protesters, condemned their behaviors in the interview. “I was immensely disappointed with the students who obstructed their class,” Bridges claimed. “Those actions are indefensible.”
Weinstein has criticized the administration for their silence with regards to their safety on campus, and the faculty for blaming the campus chaos on their appearance on Tucker Carlson's Fox News program.
So far, Evergreen has blamed me, Fox, and the alt-right. Doubled down on everything troubling. Will it dismiss this? https://t.co/qV7aCbbfWR — Bret Weinstein (@BretWeinstein) June 12, 2017
Despite the criticisms hurled at Bridges, they defended Weinstein's right to appear on Carlson's program. “Bret Weinstein has every right to speak to whomever they wish. They have freedom of speech and we have to protect that. They won't be sanctioned for their actions,” Bridges said.
Bridges claimed that the administration is in the process of reviewing “the entire sequence of events” to determine if students will face disciplinary measures for their participation in the protests that drove Weinstein from their classroom.
They finished by claiming that the college will forge through this incident into the future. They added that Evergreen has a long history of protest and debate.
“We embrace challenges,” Bridges added. “We embrace different issues and tackle them through discourse and debate and that's a part of who we are.”
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter @tciccotta or email them at tciccotta@breitbart.com
A woman wipes laptop computers before the opening of the IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin, August 31, 2011. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
BERLIN German unemployment fell by more than expected in March, data from the Federal Labour Office showed on Friday, signalling that the robust labour market will continue to be the foundation for growth in Europe's largest economy.
The seasonally adjusted jobless total fell by 30,000 to 2.556 million, the Labour Office said. That was more than the predicted fall of 10,000 in a Reuters poll.
The adjusted unemployment rate fell to 5.8 percent from 5.9 percent in February, reaching the lowest level since German reunification in 1990.
"The labour market remains favourable," Detlef Scheele, head of the Federal Labour Office, said in a statement. "The number of unemployed fell significantly with the onset of spring, and employment growth continues unabated."
(Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
PawSox news release...
Pawtucket, RI – The Pawtucket Red Sox today announced plans to induct Mo Vaughn and Joe Morgan into the PawSox Hall of Fame on Sunday afternoon, July 23 at McCoy Stadium. The team plays Norfolk (Baltimore's affiliate) at 1:35 p.m. Baseball Hall of Famer Carlton Fisk will be inducted on a later date to be announced.
As part of the festivities, the team will host an exclusive, VIP meet-and-greet with Mo and Joe, in the “Shady Pines” area of the White BBQ tent from 12:00 noon to 1 pm, followed by a pregame ceremony on the field before the entire McCoy crowd. Vaughn and Morgan will then be available for photos and autographs with all fans in the CCRI PawSox Fan Center located along the main concourse from 2 to 3:30 pm.
The limited number of tickets to the VIP meet-and-greet can be purchased at the McCoy Stadium box office, via pawsox.com, or by calling 401-724-7300. Each ticket includes an all-you-can-eat barbeque, admission to the game, and the opportunity to spend time with the Hall of Fame inductees. VIP tickets are $50 apiece. There is no charge (beyond the ordinary ticket price) for all fans who wish to receive their autographs and take photographs during the game.
The second-ever PawSox Hall of Fame class was chosen this past off-season by a 15-person panel that included club executives, print and broadcast media members, long-time fans, and historians. In addition to Vaughn and Morgan, former PawSox and Red Sox catcher (and National Baseball Hall of Famer) Carlton Fisk was also selected. Fisk will not be able to attend on July 23, but the PawSox plan to hold a separate induction ceremony for him.
Last year, former Pawtucket and Boston stars Jim Rice and Wade Boggs, both Baseball Hall of Famers, and Ben Mondor, the late long-time owner of the PawSox, were inducted as the inaugural members of the PawSox Hall of Fame.
“The PawSox Hall of Fame recognizes the most impactful figures in club history,” said PawSox Executive Vice President/General Manager Dan Rea. “We are especially pleased that our fans will once again have the opportunity to celebrate some of our franchise's greatest names, like Mo Vaughn and Joe Morgan, and we look forward to another special event on July 23.”
Mo Vaughn was a popular player for the PawSox for parts of three seasons (1990-92) and went on to a stellar 12-year Major League career with Boston (1991-98), Anaheim (1999-2000), and the New York Mets (2002-03). They finished their big league career with a .293 average along with 328 HR & 1064 RBI in 1512 games. Mo was a three-time American League All-Star with the Red Sox (1995, '96 and '98) and the American League MVP in 1995 when they hit .300 with 39 HR & 126 RBI. The “Hit Dog” followed that up with a sensational 1996 campaign for Boston batting .326 with career-highs of 44 HR & 143 RBI.
Vaughn, who will turn 50 this December, was born in Norwalk, CT and starred at Seton Hall University. They were chosen by the Red Sox in the 1st round of the 1989 draft and began their pro career with Double-A Portland that year. They spent all of 1990, at the age of 22, with the PawSox posting a .295 average with 22 HR & 72 RBI in 108 games. They split the 1991 season between Pawtucket and Boston, returned briefly to Pawtucket in 1992 for 39 games, but then spent the rest of their career in the majors.
From 1996-98 with the Red Sox, they hit .315 or higher and averaged 40 homers and 118 RBI. After the '98 seasons they signed a free agent contract with the Anaheim Angels, for whom they hit 30-plus homers and knocked in over 100 runs in both 1999 & 2000. They missed the entire 2001 season due to injury and was traded to the New York Mets that off-season. A knee injury ended their career just 27 games into the 2003 season.
Since they left baseball, Vaughn has found a niche in business across a variety of platforms. In 2004 they founded a real estate company (OMNI New York LLC) that, among other things, rehabilitates distressed housing in the New York City boroughs. In 2010 they launched a trucking company called Mo Vaughn Transport in Ohio. Mo most recently became the face of a big-and-tall clothing company called MVP Collections.
Joe Morgan is the dean of PawSox managers, having spent nine years as skipper from 1974-1982 while compiling a franchise-most 601 career managerial victories.  They are the only man to win the International League's Most Valuable Player and Manager of the Year Awards. Their MVP came in 1964 with Jacksonville (the IL affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals) and their Manager of the Year came with Pawtucket in 1977. Morgan was the winning manager in Pawtucket's historic 33-inning game in 1981, the longest in the history of professional baseball.
Morgan was an infielder with three different IL clubs…Charleston in 1961, Atlanta in 1962-63, and Jacksonville in 1964-65. They managed three different IL affiliates as well with Columbus in 1970, Charleston in 1971 & '73, and Pawtucket from 1974-82 posting 845 wins as an IL skipper.
Morgan, now 86, is a native and lifelong resident of Walpole, MA who attended Boston College where they played both hockey (an All-American while leading the Eagles in scoring their junior year) and baseball (elected team captain their junior year). Their first professional baseball contract came with the Boston Braves and the lefty hitting infielder/outfielder played parts of four seasons in the majors with five different clubs.
After their 9th and final season as PawSox skipper in 1982, Joe was a Red Sox scout (1983-84) and then a Red Sox coach (1985-88). During the 1988 All-Star break, with Boston hovering around the .500 mark under John McNamara, Morgan was promoted to interim manager on July 14, 1988. The Red Sox promptly won their first 12 games under Morgan (and their first 20 home games in a row) and rode “Morgan's Magic” to the 1988 AL East title. From 1988-1991 with Boston, “Walpole Joe” posted a 301-262 record along with two AL East Division titles (1988 & 1990).
Morgan was inducted into the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame in 2006 and the International League Hall of Fame in 2008.
Meeting planning is consistently named one of the most stressful jobs—and stressed-out meeting planners tend to create stressful meetings.
Mindful meeting professionals who practice being fully present in the moment without judgment tend to also plan their meetings more mindfully. The resulting events create deeper connections and more learning.
Here are some ways you can bring more mindfulness to your meetings pre-, during, and post-event.
Before the Meeting
• Connect to a clear vision of what you want to have happened for your meeting. What does your meeting look like (colors images), feel like (warm, cool), and sound like (country, rock and roll, screaming babies)?
• Set your intention for the meeting. Intention is energy in motion—what do you choose for this meeting? For example, do you intend the energy to be peaceful? Joyful? Profitable?
• Determine the energy of each meeting aspect. Mindful meeting planners are careful to vary the energy to meet the intentions of each part of the event. Deliberately set an agenda that changes up the energy in the room and deepens the connection of participants.
• Visualize the meeting. The best athletes visualize taking that shot or leaping that hurdle before it happens, creating the energy field for it to happen. Close your eyes and allow your mind's eye to see the meeting even before you build it, and repeat the process several times.
• Bring mindfulness to your marketing. Be clear about why you are having the meeting. How do you need to come together? What needs to be accomplished? Who needs to be there? Never assume that just because the meeting has always been done a certain way that it needs to be done that way in the future.
During the Meeting
• Renew your intention. Throughout the meeting, check back in on your intentions. Feel those intentions coming true.
• Recognize the good even when it's challenging. Whisper your gratitude, write a note, speak it out loud—find some way to acknowledge what's going well.
• Center participants in the room with a breathing activity. You may have their bodies in the room, but do you also have your participants' minds and hearts? One way to bring all of them into the room is by starting each meeting with a short breathing exercise.
• Be conscious about technology use. It's not possible to multitask mindfully. As a group, agree to how technology—social media, email, and other distractions—will or will not be used during the meeting.
• Be aware of movement—or the lack of movement—in session rooms. Can you get people walking, breathing, or otherwise moving their bodies as they move their minds?
• Unify your team each day. Connect with each key person at least once a day to gauge their energy. Then do what you need to to keep them positive and light, including addressing any concerns.
• Be thankful and express your gratitude for your participants, vendors, and your team early and often.
After the Meeting
• Breathe. Put your feet on the ground and re-center yourself.
• Affirm what went well.
• Feel grateful and share your gratitude with all involved in the meeting.
Holly Duckworth, CAE, CMP, LSP, is a keynote speaker, executive coach, and contributor to The New York Times. They work with stressed-out meeting professionals to create profit, peace, and presence through the art and science of mindfulness practices. For more information visit www.hollyduckworth.com; follow them on Twitter @hduckworth
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Victims in Mark Salling's child pornography case will lose their restitution following their suicide.
The former Glee actor's victims will not be able to collect the $50,000 in restitution that they agreed to pay in their October plea deal since their death on Tuesday came before their March 7 sentencing date, according to legal experts.
“At the point of sentencing, which hasn't happened, there would be a restitution order and the judge would have legally enforced this $50,000 per victim agreement, meaning he's on the hook,” Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Hart J. Levin tells PEOPLE. “He was never sentenced, so that agreement becomes null and void. There's no recourse through the criminal court to collect that money.”
Ann Gottesman, a criminal defense attorney in Pasadena, agrees, “Since they aren't sentenced, the case is actually going to be dismissed.”
Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic
Salling, who died at the age of 35, was arrested in Dec. 2015 after LAPD's Internet Crimes Against Children unit obtained a search warrant for their home in Sunland, California. Federal investigators said they found more than 25,000 images and 600 videos depicting child pornography on computers and thumb drives that belonged to Salling. The content depicted children as young as 3 years old being abused, according to court documents.
They pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography involving a prepubescent minor in October and was expected to serve four to seven years in prison along with having to pay the $50,000 in restitution to victims.
RELATED VIDEO: Mark Salling's Mom ‘Had a Hard Time Grasping' Their Child Porn Scandal
While it would have been “very easy” for victims to collect the money through criminal court after Salling's sentencing as the negotiation would have been complete, Levin says it's a different story now that he's gone and there's no probation or way to force them to do anything.
“The only thing that remains now is their estate,” Levin explains. “The estate is not part of the criminal process, it would be part of the civil lawsuit and [the victims are] welcome to file and seek damages from the estate. What they would try and do, most likely, is use their guilty plea as an admission of liability.”
They add: “It is harder to collect through civil as opposed to criminal because in criminal, it's agreed upon that they owe the money. In civil, their estate may contest it.”
Splash News
Even though the victims can use Salling's guilty plea in civil court, Gottesman says the “burden” will now be on them.
“They're going to have to either hire their own lawyers or get an attorney to work on contingency,” Gottesman says.
Victims may also run into other issues if they try to sue Salling's estate as there will likely be “a line of people” waiting to collect from it to pay off things like credit cards and mortgage payments.
RELATED ARTICLE: Mark Salling's Death Ruled Suicide by Asphyxiation: Coroner
“If [the victims] wait, the estate will probably be empty,” Levin says. “They may still be able to get a judgment against the estate, but there won't be any assets in the estate to fulfill the judgment.”
Unless victims act “very quickly” to sue the estate, Gottesman says getting money from it will be like “trying to get blood from a stone.”
Peter Larsen/Getty
At least two of Salling's victims may be from the United Kingdom, according to their plea deal documents, which would make it particularly difficult for them to sue.
“Those people are going to have an especially difficult time doing this internationally,” Levin says. “It's going to be very hard. They can hire attorneys [in California] to go after it but it's not easy when they're out of the country.”
Pontefract's half marathon race made a successful return to the town on Sunday for the first time in more than 30 years.
The race, which was last run in the 1980s, saw hundreds of runners lace up their shoes to complete the 13-mile course which went from the town centre through Ackworth, Wentbridge and Featherstone, before finishing back on the Market Place cobbles.
Picture by Allan McKenzie/YWNG - 01/10/17 - Press - Pontefract Half Marathon, Pontefract, England - Pontefract half marathon runners set off from market square.
Raising thousands for the Prince of Wales Hospice, the event was brought back by friends David Whittaker and Michael Hirst.
Mr Hirst said: “It was amazing, there were about 700 runners on the day, which for our first year is a really good amount.
“We've had some really good comments about the whole event so we will be looking to organise it each year.
“Ultimately, we want 2,000 runners for next year.”
Picture by Allan McKenzie/YWNG - 01/10/17 - Press - Pontefract Half Marathon, Pontefract, England - Pontefract half marathon runners prepare to run.
The pair is now looking to capitalise on the momentum of this year's event by selling entry tickets for next year's already.
Priced at £22, log onto www.pontefracthalfmarathon.co.uk
Picture by Allan McKenzie/YWNG - 01/10/17 - Press - Pontefract Half Marathon, Pontefract, England - Pontefract half marathon runners set off from market square.
Picture by Allan McKenzie/YWNG - 01/10/17 - Press - Pontefract Half Marathon, Pontefract, England - Pontefract half marathon runners prepare to run.
Picture by Allan McKenzie/YWNG - 01/10/17 - Press - Pontefract Half Marathon, Pontefract, England - Pontefract half marathon runners set off from market square.
Case for Kids
The 27th annual Case for Kids Walk, Run or Ride is being held June 3 at Bayfront Park. The community is invited to join the event to raise awareness for children facing poverty in Hamilton. All funds raised support children and youth programs in the lower city. The event will begin at noon with free lunch and activities. Sign up at wesley.ca/caseforkids.
#MyHamilton
Tourism Hamilton is inviting the public to share the best of Hamilton through its 2018 #MyHamilton photo contest. This year's themes are outdoor adventure and city life. Submissions are being accepted until July 22. A panel of judges will select 10 finalists. Winners will be chosen by public vote. For information, visit tourismhamilton.com/myhamilton.
Downtown hub
Come join the stars of NWA Vendetta Pro Wrestling as they present Winter Wonderslam 2015 right back at the Radisson Hotel in Santa Maria, Ca
Vendetta Pro Heavyweight Championship:
Lil Cholo (c) vs So Cal Crazy
NWA Western States Tag Team Championship:
The Classic Connection (Levi Shapiro & “The Ace” Buddy Royal)(c)
vs
The Von Dooms (Vintage Dragon & Cyanide)
NWA Tri-Force Championship:
Sunami (c) vs “The California Black Sheep) Mike Rayne vs Former Tri-Force Champion Jeckles the Jester
Vendetta Vixens Evening Gown Match:
“The Evil Queen” Krazy Kiara Dillon vs Tab Jackson
The Ballard Bros (Shane & Shannon)
vs
The Midnight Delight (“Rock of Love” Billy Blade & “Rock-N” Richie Slade)
The 3rd Annual Rowland Alexander Memorial Battle Royal featuring Stars from:
NWA Vendetta Pro Wrestling – Santa Maria, California
All Pro Wrestling – San Francisco, California
Gold Rush Pro Wrestling – Pacifica, California
Empire Wrestling Federation – San Bernardino, California
Alpha Omega Wrestling (AOW) – Palm Springs, California
Gateway Grand Prix – Chico, California
Pro Championship Wrestling – Oroville, California
East Bay Pro Wrestling – Pacheco, California
Shadow Championship Wrestling – Los Angeles, California
Receive a free autographed poster with your donation of an unopened toy for the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation!
Advance Tickets available at
Santa Maria Billiard Lounge
Leisure Time Games in the Santa Maria Town Center
Evergreen Video in Orcutt
La Miramar all Central Coast Locations
The Shack Lompoc
Cheap Thrills Records in San Luis Obispo
and available online via Brown Paper Tickets NOW online at
www.vendettaprowrestling.com
Conservative independent MP Bob Katter says the Turnbull government can't rely on their support should it slip into minority.
If the High Court rules Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce ineligible to sit and they lose a by-election in their safe New England seat, the government will need the support of one of five crossbenchers to survive.
"It's back to the drawing board," Mr Katter said, when asked on Tuesday about guaranteeing confidence and supply.
Another independent MP Andrew Wilkie said they would continue to approach all issues in the parliament on their merits and has "not guaranteed anyone anything".
Nick Xenophon Team MP Rebekha Sharkie said Mr Joyce - who has discovered they are a dual New Zealand citizen by descent - should step aside from cabinet while the court determines their eligibility.
But they said any suggestion of the government needing crossbench support was a "long, long way away".
"What I want to see is ... a stable government," they told Sky News.
"I won't be supporting party games but I do think we could have some greater certainty around cabinet."
Independent MP Cathy McGowan said their support for the government on questions of supply and confidence remained the same, despite the issue over Mr Joyce.
However they support an audit of the citizenship status of all members and senators, and wants the register of MPs' interests to include a statement on citizenship status.
Originally published as Katter wavers on future Turnbull support
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va - For over 7 decades, the Junior League of Richmond has welcomed a distinguished group of nationally recognized authors to Richmond. Sara Shelton, this year's author and event chair and Rosemary D'adamo Jones, the Director of Volunteer Services at the Peter Paul Development Center, joined us on the show to share some details on the upcoming 72nd Book and Author dinner. Thursday, May 4th marks the 72nd event. There are two events that day, a luncheon at 12:30pm at the Tuckahoe Women's Club on Dover Road and the dinner at 7pm at the Greater Richmond Convention Center downtown. For more information you can visit jlrichmond.org
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY THE JUNIOR LEAGUE OF RICHMOND}
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
NEW YORK May 2 Aetna Inc Chief Financial Officer Shawn Guertin said on Tuesday that member medical costs are running higher than anticipated in the company's individual plans sold on exchanges created by the Affordable Care Act.
Guertin, speaking on a conference call with analysts after the company announced a first-quarter loss, did not say if Aetna would pull out of the three states where it sells these plans next year but said that the insurer anticipated moving to a smaller individual footprint. (Reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
The Canadian Press
HALIFAX -- Christopher Garnier says Catherine Campbell coaxed them into choking them during sex play, and urged them to apply more pressure before they died.
Garnier is on the stand today at their trial in the off-duty police officer's death; their lawyer opened the defence case by telling the jury Campbell died accidentally during rough sex.
Garnier said they met Campbell at a downtown bar in the early hours of Sept. 11, 2015, and they went to their friend's McCully Street apartment.
They told the jury they asked them if they were "into domination," and asked them to slap and choke them
The Crown alleges Garnier punched and strangled the 36-year-old Truro, N.S., police constable and used a compost bin to dispose of their body near Halifax's Macdonald Bridge.
They have pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder and interfering with a dead body.
Garnier said they decided to go to the McCully Street apartment after kissing at the bar.
They started kissing in the apartment hallway, they said, and "she asked me if I was into domination."
They said they told them didn't want to have sex and they said: "That doesn't mean we can't play."
"She asked me to choke them I didn't say anything," they said.
"She told me it was OK and not to worry."
They said they put pressure on their neck, but they asked them to squeeze harder. They had both hands on their neck for 30 seconds, they said.
"I don't think I was using very much force," they testified. "If they ever resisted I would have stopped."
They moved to a pullout couch in the den, where they asked them to slap her, they said.
"I did it three times, fast," they testified.
"I was uncomfortable and embarrassed about what I was doing. They kept saying it's OK."
They said their forearm was across their neck, and that they felt their arm getting wet, and saw blood.
They went to get a towel and when they returned, they aren't moving.
"I shook them a little bit and I could hear air come out of their lungs," Garnier said.
Their testimony continues.
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee's visit to Vancouver raised a few eyebrows when they appeared to support to B.C. Premier John Horgan's effort to stop the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline system.
Inslee sidestepped a question from a Vancouver reporter last week about their own state's use of the pipeline to supply its refineries at Anacortes, Cherry Point and Ferndale, some of which is sold back to B.C. as refined fuels.
Kinder Morgan, current operator of the Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to its terminal in Burnaby, also operates a branch line running from Abbotsford to Washington that supplies the Shell and Tesoro refinery complex at Anacortes, the Phillips 66 refinery at Ferndale and BP's Cherry Point facility, the largest in Washington located just 11 km south of Blaine.
View from Anacortes, WA to the sprawling Shell-Tesoro refinery complex at March Point. This and two other big WA refineries are supplied by @TransMtn and Alaska tankers running daily past B.C. #bcpoli #cdnpoli @GovInslee pic.twitter.com/4ojSraPpnh — Tom Fletcher (@tomfletcherbc) March 19, 2018
Inslee spoke of shipping noise affecting orcas and a growing demand for electric cars in their state, and avoided discussion Washington's own busy oil industry. They noted their state's rejection of an oil port at Vancouver Washington, to transport shale oil produced from North Dakota, and thermal coal export facilities proposed to deliver
“We share the most beautiful part of at least North America,” Inslee said at a joint news conference with Horgan Friday announcing a high-speed rail study. “And that vision that we have of perpetuating that beauty for our grandchildren is at risk by increasing the tanker traffic through the Haro Strait and the Strait of Juan de Fuca by going up about five to seven times.”
But most of the existing tanker traffic around the south end of Vancouver Island is coming from Alaska, and heading for those Washington refineries. The Seattle-based Sightline Institute estimates that while 10 per cent of Washington's crude oil comes from the Alberta oil sands via Trans Mountain, more than half comes from Alaska's Valdez tanker terminal. Washington refineries also receive crude oil tankers from the Middle East and Africa, and oil by rail from growing U.S. shale production is also increasing.
RELATED: Tugboat crewman ‘fell asleep' near Bella Bella
Inslee warned of a “dramatic” increase in tanker traffic from the Trans Mountain expansion. In fact it would represent a six per cent increase in total shipping traffic for the region, including freighters loaded with barely refined bunker fuel and U.S. fuel barges like the one that ran aground at Bella Bella in 2016.
Northeastern student Eddie Ferrini is so confident the Patriots will win their sixth Super Bowl, they hit a tattoo shop over the weekend.
Scroll for more content...
"I'm pretty confident they're going to win," Ferrini said. "I mean my friends have always thought I was nuts."
Indeed their tattoo brags of the pats six Super Bowl wins - including this Sunday's Super Bowl 52 in Minneapolis –, which, of course, they haven't won yet.
A photo of the tattoo has gone viral on Instagram.
"A lot of people thinking I jinxed it, but I don't believe in that kind of thing so I think we'll be all set," Ferrini said.
Surveys tell us that roughly one of every five American adults has a tattoo and they also tell us that roughly 20 percent of the folks who get one, regret it.
Truth is, when Ferrini strolled into a New Hampshire tattoo parlor, the artist tried to dissuade them because a "David Tyree" moment on Sunday might make Ferrini's new ink wishful thinking, despite their Roman numeral backup plan.
"If they do lose, they're going to win next year," Ferrini said. "Add another 'I' on the end."
Still, they have liquidated their savings to fly out opting to somehow grab a ticket while sleeping in their rental car.
And if the Pats lose, they just might stay.
"I'll probably just get into ice fishing," they say.
Ever since, Charity Chicks has been growing, especially in the affections of this city.
At one Jackson Square event a CC volunteer embraced a gentleman being helped and they started to tear up, saying, "That's the first hug I've had in seven years."
They strive to restore dignity. They reach out to everyone at their events, one per quarter (others sprinkled through the year), where they also raise money for their Angel Network (emergency fund to assist working-poor families). Their frequent Takin' It To The Streets events see them distributing meals, care packages of clothing and hygiene products.
The CCs have quietly, insistently, become a very visible and welcome presence in this city, cheering all who meet them.
Kathryn, being who they are, lays much of the success at the feet of others, such as Bev, and CC stalwarts like Kimberley Bayne and Michelle Mahovlich.
When the word goes out for an event among the Charity Chicks, "we come together like a school of fish," Kimberley says, dozens of volunteers mobilized as a single body.
And in the midst of it, there is the Charity Chicks' non-chick, Israel Crooks, Kathryn's husband, a terrific Hamilton artist (not to mention chess player, who's victimized me often at the Tuesday regular chess on James North). He's the Chicks' creative director and offers tutoring and other learning opportunities to people the Chicks help.
For the recent Urban Core barbecue, they painted a beautiful mural of cupped hands in the middle of which is a butterfly.
The Chicks now get donations, material and support from so many — toothbrushes from a dental office, coffee from Starbucks, Lococo's (beef for the chili), Giant Tiger, Momentum Credit Union, Tracey's Place, Country Time, Sam's Pharmacy, Home Instead Senior Care and so many more.
Maybe it actually started with a happy story after all, despite what Kathryn says; such is the dialectic of life.
They remember vividly, when they were four, a mob came to their grandparents' house with two men fighting over a woman at 10:30 at night. One was wounded.
"I watched them dress the wound and calm the men down. They (her grandparents) were always the ones the people brought their problems to. The voice for the voiceless.
"They wanted people to have a better sense of themselves. This is what is expected of us."
The fruit clearly has not fallen far from the tree, even factoring in the distance from Jamaica to Canada.
For more, contact facebook.com/charitychickshamilton/?ref=page_internal
jmahoney@thespec.com
905-526-3306
'No other case has been filed anywhere in the world trying to establish a nexus between human rights and climate change,' says Commissioner Roberto Cadiz
Published 2:50 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Commission on Human Rights (CHR) said it will begin by the first quarter of 2018 its conduct of public hearings on a petition filed against the world's largest investor-owned fossil fuel and cement producers.
"There is no doubt that climate change is upon us. It is yet to be established, however, if along with the reality of climate change, is also the issue of climate justice," CHR Commissioner Roberto Cadiz said on Tuesday, December 12.
They added: "That is, at this point of the inquiry, the respondents' responsibility for bringing about climate change is yet to be established."
CHR's national inquiry aims to look into the responsibility of the so-called Carbon Majors – the world's largest multinational and state-owned producers of crude oil, natural gas, coal, and cement – in allegedly contributing to climate change, which petitioners said impacts the human rights of Filipinos.
The original petition was filed as early as September 2015. By July 2016, the CHR sent an official order to 47 companies, asking them to answer the complaint filed by disaster survivors, community organizations, and Greenpeace Southeast Asia.
While Cadiz called this case sui generis (a class of its own) and "novel in its attempt to haul the so-called Carbon Majors in one 'global petition' involving human rights," they pointed out that the CHR seeks to inquire:
if climate change impacts human rights
whether the Carbon Majors have a responsibility therefor
if they do, what can or should be done about it
They also noted that the method of the inquiry will be "more dialogic rather than adversarial."
"We definitely do not have a jurisdiction to order the respondents to pay X amount of dollars to the parties. We are not a court that can come out with an order on payment of damages, but we do intend to come out with recommendations to our policymakers," they explained.
Cadiz said they will have specific recommendations to the Philippine government and legislative agencies, as well as international recommendations to the United Nations and to other countries.
Another possible output from the national inquiry is a process of hearing cases with transboundary characteristics.
"No other case has been filed anywhere in the world trying to establish a nexus between human rights and climate change, and there is no process before any national human rights institution globally that has been designed to handle a case like this, and that is one of the challenges that we are now facing," the commissioner added.
The inquiry will use different methodologies for determining the impact of climate change, including public dialogue, public hearing, and site visits.
Cadiz said CHR is even considering going to other venues abroad (such as North America and Europe) that are more convenient to the parties to conduct public hearings. According to him, only a "small minority" of the respondents are doing business in the Philippines.
"Regardless of the number of parties participating in this inquiry, our commission is determined to pursue it to its logical conclusion. We shall come up with our findings and recommendations based on the evidence submitted before us," they said.
Issue of jurisdiction
CHR hopes to come up with a resolution on the petition by first quarter of 2018. Cadiz said whatever their findings will be can be relied on as "foundational principles that can later on be brought to court."
They invited respondents to participate in the process since a baseline knowledge regarding climate change is expected by the end of the national inquiry.
"If they do not [participate], then there would be no contravening evidence to question the expert evidence that will be presented by the petitioners."
According to a list provided by the CHR, at least 5 of the respondents already filed a motion to dismiss the petition, while 8 respondents questioned the right of the commission to conduct the inquiry.
"We do not see this as an issue of jurisdiction but as an issue of mandate to investigate…. Since an allegation has been made before us that Carbon Majors contribute to climate change…we, as a matter of fulfilling our mandate, have to pursue the conduct of an investigation," Cadiz explained.
Global interest
Cadiz said that when they discussed the petition in Bonn, Germany last November, the message then was that "this a very important case" not only for the Philippines but also for other governments monitoring developments.
For example, they said the ambassador of Denmark is interested in supporting the Philippines in the area of broadcasting CHR's processes.
"This is actually a global case and there is global interest and they want to witness the proceedings, so they're interested in providing us with hardware, software," they explained.
Cadiz said John Knox, the UN Special Rapporteur on the environment, also made suggestions to the commission regarding the conduct of the inquiry, especially on substantive issues.
"The German government is also interested, the Dutch government is also interested in helping us, and not only governments but international organizations have actually submitted amicus briefs – friendly discussions that could guide the Commission on Human Rights in navigating [this case]," they added. – Rappler.com
(Repeats story from late Wednesday with no changes)
By Yawen Chen and Elias Glenn
XIONGXIAN, China/BEIJING, April 12 Like many residents of Xiongxian county, a polluted corner of Hebei province, 17-year-old Liu Zipeng has been giddy with excitement since China announced plans this month for a vast new economic zone backed by President Xi Jinping himself.
"I am so happy - I don't need to move to Beijing or worry about getting a wife anymore," Liu said with a laugh.
Such are the hopes for the area, about 100 km (60 miles) southwest of Beijing, that authorities quickly banned property sales to quash a speculative frenzy.
While China has set high expectations by touting the Xiongan New Area as a successor to zones in Shenzhen and Shanghai that helped make China an economic powerhouse, the force of Xi's endorsement could help it flourish where other new development areas failed to match the hype.
In a sign of Beijing's intent, Xu Qin, the former mayor and Communist party boss for Shenzhen, was named acting governor of Hebei province on Friday, with analysts saying it is likely they will be tapped to lead development of Xiongan.
Once a sleepy fishing village, Shenzhen, bordering Hong Kong, became an economic juggernaut after being declared a special economic zone in 1980.
Details for Xiongan, planned eventually to stretch across 2,000 square kilometres, an area almost as big as Tokyo, remain sketchy. It is pitched as an environmentally friendly city housing some of Beijing's relocated "non-capital functions", with hopes to attract high-tech industries.
Nearly 30 large state enterprises including PetroChina and China Shipbuilding Industry Corp have expressed interest, though no specific relocation plans have been announced.
The three counties that make up the area, Xiongxian, Anxin and Rongcheng, are home to about a million people as well as wheat fields, light manufacturing and heavy pollution - endemic in much of Hebei.
But unlike Shenzhen and Shanghai's Pudong, the development of Xiongan is not expected to be accompanied by major economic reforms, and its landlocked setting is a transportation disadvantage.
"Natural market forces would probably not have chosen this place. But if the central government backs it with unlimited resources, it could become whatever it wants to be," said Steven McCord, head of research for North China at real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle.
The plan fits into a broader regional integration push for the cities of Beijing and Tianjin and Hebei province, dubbed Jing-Jin-Ji, which has been spearheaded by Xi since 2015 to tackle the "big city disease" plaguing Beijing, a crowded and polluted city of 22 million.
But Jing-Jin-Ji's progress has been slower than hoped.
"It's been hard to get traction getting Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei to work together seamlessly," McCord said.
Xiongan could be a political and geographical "clean slate" to generate more jobs and economic stimulus for North China, they said.
Xi themselves visited Anxin county in late February, which only became public when China announced plans for Xiongan on April 1.
Morgan Stanley's base scenario foresees 133 billion yuan ($19.3 billion) in additional fixed asset investment annually over 15 years to build Xiongan, equivalent to just 0.24 percent of China's 56.2 trillion yuan of nationwide fixed asset investment last year.
MIXED RECORD
While the Shenzhen and Shanghai economic zones thrived, some similar schemes in China have fallen short of expectations.
Caofeidian, also in Hebei, was promoted by former President Hu Jintao as a new industrial zone in 2008, but development foundered as debt accumulated.
Authorities have been trying to give Caofeidian another push to upgrade its industries to become a driver of Jing-Jin-Ji's integration, but competition among provinces has been a drag on progress.
"Caofeidian had central government support, but it was a long way from being a national-level special economic zone. Its importance was definitely not at the same level that Xiongan is seeing now," said They Jun, head of macroeconomic research at Anbound Consulting.
"Xiongan's biggest advantage is that it has strong support from the central government."
They remain doubtful that Xiongan will emulate Shanghai or Shenzhen due to its geography and the greater openness of China's economy now, but the political leadership seems intent on making it succeed.
Among the architects of the new project is Xu Kuangdi, the mayor of Shanghai in the late 90s who also heads the advisory committee for Jing-Jin-Ji.
The leadership make-up is intended to ensure Xiongan would "escape past failures", said Liu Ying, a researcher at Renmin University's Chong Yang Institute for Financial Studies.
Not everyone in Anxin is cheered by the prospect.
An Anxin restaurant owner in their 50s surnamed Liu said they check social media constantly for updates, as they fear being forced out of the spacious villa built on their farmland.
"I don't think it is necessarily a good thing for me. Our lives are pretty good right now."
Down a street next to fields of withered wheat, workers loaded a truck with plastic pipes, a major local industry.
"The establishment of the new zone for sure will limit us further as we do pollute the environment to some degree," said Zhao Xiaodong, owner of Jitong Plastic.
But most locals are optimistic.
"If president Xi thinks it will be the next Shenzhen and Shanghai, then it will be," said Mrs Shi, a shop worker in Xiongxian. ($1 = 6.8998 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Additional reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Tony Munroe and Will Waterman)
Tyrese Gibson has added fuel to the fire in their ongoing feud with 'Fast and Furious' co-star Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson.
The 38-year-old rapper and actor, alongside fellow co-star Vin Diesel, has long been warring with Dwayne over the popular movie franchise ever since the former wrestler slammed some unnamed 'Fast and Furious' stars on social media in 2016.
Now, following the news that production of 'Fast and Furious 9' has been delayed until 2020, but a spin-off movie starring Dwayne and Jason Statham is expected in 2019, Tyrese has slammed the star for making the franchise "about" him.
In a rant posted on Instagram, Tyrese wrote: "#PSA Congratulations to @TheRockand your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU - And like you, DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post - Gn folks see you in 2020 April #FastFamily right? Nah..... it's about #TeamDewayne (sic)"
And Tyrese also poked fun at Dwayne's 'Baywatch' remake, which was a commercial flop.
They continued: "#3yrswill it is worth the wait? #NoShaw just Hobbs will this be another #BayWatch? Guy guys just relax I'm just a passionate film critic (sic)"
Vin Diesel, 50, is also seemingly unhappy with the delayed production, as they also took to Instagram to post a picture of themselves with Tyrese and the late Paul Walker - who died in a single vehicle collision in 2013 - which was simply captioned: "Brotherhood..."
Tyrese then reposted the picture, and seemingly slammed Dwayne, 45, for "flying solo" on the spin-off project, when they believe the franchise stars should stick together.
They wrote: "#Repost #SwipeLeft - @VinDiesel - Never confuse determination with desperation..... What's understood don't have to be explained...... 44 million just got the memo.... Although it appears to be.... I've never been in this alone........ #PerceptionVsReality #FastFamily like I said we don't fly solo. President Obama's integrity teachings is of a man who makes everyone feel like they MATTER..... (sic)"
And the rapper didn't stop there, as they even took to Dwayne's own Instagram account to continue their rant in the comments of one of their posts.
× Publix announces Fredericksburg location
FREDERICKSBURG, Va. – Publix Super Markets announced plans to open a new store location in Fredericksburg. The 49,000-square-feet store will be located at Cosner's Corner, at the southeast corner of Route 1 and Spotsylvania Parkway.
The projected opening is in 2018, according to Kim Reynolds, Publix Media and Community Relations Manager.
The store will employ approximately 140 associates.
In the Richmond market, all Martin's purchased by Publix will be closed for redevelopment by July.
In July 2016, Publix announced plans to buy 10 of the Richmond-area stores that Martin's parent company Ahold bought from Ukrop's six years earlier. Ahold was ordered to sell their Richmond-area stores after it merged with the company that owns Food Lion (Delhaize Group).
Seven of the 10 stores being sold to Publix are now closed to be remodeled and redeveloped during a process that will likely take six to 12 months. Right now only the Three Chopt, Broad Street and Cary Street stores remain open.
The first projected reopening is summer 2017, according to store officials.
In February, the grocer announced plans to open a new location in Mechanicsville, which would become the 12th planned Publix in this area. Publix had already eyed the Richmond market, and previously announced plans to build a new grocery store on Nuckols Road in Glen Allen.
Hundreds of workers employed by Martin's will lose their jobs as the stores prepare for closure.
The grocer reported to the state that a combined 279 employees will be laid off when the stores close in July, but the number doesn't factor in the employees who will be out of work when the Martin's in Carytown closes.
The Martin's at 7035 Three Chopt Road, in the Village Shopping Center, will have a total of 138 impacted employees. The Martin's at 9645 West Broad Street, in Henrico County, will have 141 impacted employees.
A combined 1,110 workers were already laid off as the other stores began closing as part of the Publix purchase.
In 2016, Martin's closed three stores, in South Richmond, Hanover and Petersburg. According to state data, 255 employees lost their jobs.
A Martin's spokesperson previously said that employees were asked to re-apply for their jobs. Publix will hold job fairs closer to those grand opening dates.
Publix was in 2016 named the second most popular grocery chain in the U.S. behind Wegman's, according to a 10,000-participant study by the industry research firm Market Force. Publix is a privately owned company that has been named to Fortune Magazine's list of “100 best Companies to Work For in America” 19 years in a row.
May 3 Kindred Biosciences Inc
* Kindred Biosciences announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.30
* Kindred Biosciences Inc says for 2017 calendar year, company reiterates its previous guidance for operating expenses to be in range of $30 million to $32 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
0 Son of Dusty Rhodes carves out their own American dream in pro wrestling
Born the son of one of pro wrestling's most beloved figures, Cody Rhodes had been part of that colorful community of performers and fans for most of their 32 years. Also for about 32, they have run into spoilsports and naysayers who can't wait to opine that wrestling is fake.
>> Read more trending news
Fortunately, he's had decades to come up with a pithy comeback.
"I usually say, ‘Well, Christian Bale's not Batman,'” said Rhodes, whose late father was the legendary “The American Dream” Dusty Rhodes, and whose brother is Dustin Rhodes, also known as “Goldust.”
Cody Rhodes will visit West Palm Beach on Friday with Ring of Honor Wrestling. You can spot them wrestling simply under the name “Cody.”
Rhodes has been in the family business for about 12 years and spent time with World Wrestling Entertainment and Total Non-Stop Action Wrestling. They defend what they do, not only because people worldwide love it, but because they love it, too.
“Every now and then, someone from so-called ‘higher' forms of entertainment will look down their nose at it," they said. But having grown up with Dusty Rhodes as their father, Cody's been ready to defend wrestling for a long time.
“I got started when I was 19, but for some reason, and I don't know what I was thinking, I went to L.A.. I started acting classes there for a year, and wasted a bunch of money. I really enjoyed the classes, but I kept thinking ‘When I make it as an actor ...' but then I thought ‘This is kind of dumb. Be a wrestler. Just do the thing you want to do.”
Currently a heel, or a villain, ROH's Cody bills themselves as “The American Nightmare,” a riff on their father's famous salt-of-the-earth persona. Dusty Rhodes, born Virgil Riley Runnels Jr., didn't look like other athletes. They aren't professionally trained. But what they are, their son said, was real.
“He communicated to people who they thought would need (his message). They needed it as much as they did. Their whole image, being ‘the son of a plumber,' that whole story was real. They had no money,” Cody Rhodes said.
“I really think the idea that your friend, someone in your family in real life could get in the ring and do amazing, was what it was, because Dusty was like them. They were overweight. They had a different look. I honestly think it gets explained too much. They just had that thing that everybody wants. They had a way. They aren't selling you a product. They aren't even selling you himself. They were just bringing you along for the ride.”
Anyone who's ever seen wrestling up close and personal knows there's a difference between watching it in your living room and being there in person.
To Rhodes, who also wrestles for New Japan Pro-Wrestling, “the live experience is the lifeblood of wrestling. The live experience in ‘Ring of Honor' is a party. Essentially it's going to a party with a ton of people that you don't know, some of the greatest people you'll ever know. People make friends in the meet-and-greet line.”
Those fans in the line, Rhodes said, are loyal, diverse and involved. They say it's their job and that of companies like Ring of Honor to give them what they want.
“We try to have as much as fun as we can. There shouldn't be that many rules for going to a wrestling show,” they said. “Give them that experience and guarantee they're leaving having had a good time. It's hard to get people's money — it's hard to get my money — so it's gotta be good.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Cardinals Make Offseason Move to Sign New Pitcher
ST. LOUIS (AP) - The St. Louis Cardinals added pitching depth to their organization, signing right-hander Angel Castro to a one-year contract.
The 31-year-old Castro is 4-3 with a 1.29 ERA in eight starts for Aguilas in the Dominican Winter League and the Cardinals had spots open on their 40-man roster. They have spent seven seasons in the minors since being drafted by Detroit in 2006 and also played in the Mexican League in 2010-11 and Japanese Pacific League in 2012. They have not pitched in the majors.
Last year, the 5-foot-11, 200-pound Castro was 8-5 with a 3.48 ERA for the Dodgers' Triple-A affiliate in Albuquerque and made 19 starts. They also pitched for the Dominican Republic in the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
The Cardinals made the move Wednesday.
A man ties a balloon to the horns of a bull statue at the entrance of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) while celebrating the Sensex index rising to over 30,000, in Mumbai, India April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
The Nifty gained nearly 2 percent on earnings-led optimism to close the week at 9,304 with heightened action in mid-cap and small-cap stocks.
Cement stocks such as ACC and UltraTech gained after upbeat results. Bank of Baroda, Yes Bank and Axis Bank also featured among the top gainers.
In the auto space, M&M gained 6 percent, followed by Maruti and Tata Motors. The rupee hit a 20-month high on Wednesday at 64.11 per dollar on the back of firmness in equity markets.
U.S. President Donald Trump unveiled an ambitious tax overhaul plan in one of the biggest tax reforms in history. If the plan goes through Congress, U.S. companies will become the lowest taxed among the Group of 20 countries.
Emerging markets may see a setback as investments abroad would have a higher incentive to be repatriated. However, the plan lacked details and there are concerns as to how the government would tackle a surge in federal deficit.
The ‘caution' of the week was an indication by Trump that a “major conflict” is possible with North Korea.
Real Estate companies were in the limelight as the Real Estate (Regulation & Development) Act is set to be implemented from May 1. The implementation of RERA is likely to bring in transparency in the sector, protect the interest of the homebuyer and ensure timely delivery of projects. The realty index has gained 52 percent year-till-date and 22 percent in the last month.
The Nifty Bank index was among the top performers in the sectoral indices during the week - up 3.7 percent led by sharp gains in public sector banking stocks. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has assured a solution for the NPA issue in the next few days.
Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT) Funds were in the news after IRB InvIT Fund, sponsored by IRB Infrastructure Developers, launched an IPO - the first one in this space.
The 46.54 billion rupees issue opens for subscription in the coming week. Reliance Infra is likely to file InvIT IPO papers with SEBI shortly and is looking to raise around 25 billion rupees. InvIT funds are popular among infrastructure companies as it helps them in debt reduction and cleaning up the balance sheet.
Fears of a below-average monsoon lingers. According to the U.S-based International Research Institute for Climate and Society, El Nino probability is up at 70 percent and can occur in July which is peak monsoon season. This is not in sync with the near-normal monsoon forecast by the IMD.
Globally, the Bank of Japan kept policy rates unchanged and raised its economic forecasts. The European Central Bank also left monetary policy unchanged.
In the coming week, major geopolitical risks including a potential stand-off between the United States and North Korea over the latter's nuclear provocations will continue to dominate headlines. Another important event will be the final round of the French presidential election on May 7.
Economic events include the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting on Wednesday and Friday's U.S. jobs report for April. Markets are not expecting any major policy change from the U.S. Fed especially after its recent March rate hike.
The focus is expected to be on indications on the potential rate hike trajectory. Also, any comments from the Fed on intentions to shrink its massive balance sheet will be closely watched.
Back home, prominent corporate results expected this week include Marico, ICICI Bank, MRF, HDFC, Wockhardt and DMart. Automobile and cement counters will be in focus as they unveil sales volume data for April.
On the macro front, manufacturing PMI data for April will be announced on Tuesday while services PMI data comes out on Thursday.
I would continue to advise caution as this rally seems relentless. We are in a virtuous cycle as liquidity pours into equities since there is no alternative asset class. And we already seem to have formed a bubble. It's better to be safe than sorry.
0 'I didn't do it,' Sherra Wright says to Lorenzen's family during bond hearing
Sherra Wright is accused of murdering their ex-husband Lorenzen Wright. In the middle of their bond hearing, they tried to convince their family that they are innocent.
FOX13 cameras were rolling in the courtroom when Sherra turned to Lorenzen's family. It was a subtle attempt to convince their loved ones that they aren't a killer.
RELATED: Sherra Wright's bond set at $20 million
While their attorney is speaking, Sherra could be seen mouthing “I didn't do it.”
Lorenzen's mother, Deborah Marion, told FOX13 their family does not believe the accused killer. They called it an act of desperation.
"She wanted everyone to know that they were mouthing something to me,” Marion said. “That is just them They ain't changed. They have been a devil ever since.”
RELATED: Sherra Wright, Billy Turner tried to kill Lorenzen more than once, police say
Sherra Wright's bond was set at $20 million -- $5 million higher than their alleged co-conspirator, Billy Turner.
"Yes, that was good,” Marion said. “He got 15 now they got 20. They need to be where they are."
FOX13 asked if they were surprised no one from Sherra's family showed up to testify on their behalf.
"Baby. Sherra Wright? No I am not surprised,” they said.
RELATED: Sherra Wright in wheelchair during California court appearance
With a family spokesperson holding their up, Deborah Marion said they believe the jailers who wrote up Sherra Wright for cursing and threatening them. They also believe the accusation that Sherra flooded the toilet inside their jail cell and was naked while saying they were going swimming.
However, Marion doesn't think the pressure of jail is affecting the accused killer.
RELATED: Sherra Wright's cousin details murder plot in bombshell statement
"That is Sherra. Y'all don't understand. All eyes on her,” Marion explained. “She always wanted to be movie star."
Marion told FOX13 they are upset that some of Sherra Wright's family allegedly knew about the murder plot in advance, but never spoke up.
"All eyes on them. They are going to tell the truth."
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Speech to Text for Two people sent to hospital after crash in Vigo County
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
following a car crash in vigo county. it happened in the northbound lane of state road 63 -- just before bolton road. police on scene told us the driver lost control of the vehicle. the car went into a ditch and flipped over. officials say two people were in the car when it happened. police say they were both sent to the hospital. no word yet on the extent of their injuries. [b2]first weather-dbl boxes brady harp is in the
Premium prices for the new Holden Commodore reflect the Red Lion's faith in its European-sourced mid-sized sedan and wagon.
The ZB Commodore starts with a list price of $33,690 for the LT version using a 2.0-litre four-cylinder turbo engine matched to a nine-speed automatic transmission. Holden boasts the price is $1800 less than the superseded Commodore Evoke.
The outgoing model was a full-sized sedan; this one has to compete with the best Europe and Japan can offer. The Commodore has a significant edge in power compared to most of its opposition but has to win over buyers against the likes of a Mazda6 Sport at $32,490 with a six-speed auto and just $27,690 for the imported Toyota Camry Ascent due to arrive early next year, around the same time as Holden's new sedan and wagon flagship.
Camera Icon The ZB Commodore is sold in front and all-wheel drive version. Picture: Supplied
As with the Commodore, the Camry has autonomous emergency braking, lane departure warning with active assist and a seven-inch infotainment touchscreen. The Camry adds adaptive cruise control and LED headlamps; the Commodore counters with appreciably more grunt, keyless entry and start, powered driver's seat and semi-autonomous parking.
The entry Commodore's fuel use is impressive at less than 8.0L/100km — on par with the Camry but well below the Mazda's claimed 6.6L.
Stepping up to the Commodore RS version ($37,290 before on-roads) increases the wheel size to 18 inches and adds a sports body kit, better seats, blind-spot and rear cross-traffic alert and a leather-trimmed steering wheel. Opting for the 230kW/370Nm V6 with all-wheel drive adds $2500.
Camera Icon The Commodore's interior has seven or eight-inch screens. Picture: Supplied
The V6 RS-V pumps the price up to $46,990 and includes adaptive suspension, wireless phone charging, eight-inch infotainment screen, satnav, digital audio, head-up display and leather trimmed, heated front seats, along with paddle-shifters for the automatic.
The Calais version starts at $40,990 with the 2.0-litre turbo or $51,990 for the Calais V V6 AWD. Both variants will be sold as a sedan or the high-riding Touring wagon (in V6 AWD guise) at $45,990 and $53,990 respectively.
The range-topping VXR will be a sedan-only proposition at $55,990 before on-roads.
Sportwagon versions include the 2.0-litre LT at $35,890, the RS at $39.490 and the RS-V V6 AWD at $49,190.
A 2.0-litre turbo diesel is a $3000 option on the LT and Calais sedan and the LT sportwagon.
Drive-away deals at launch start at $35,990, $38,990 and $42,490 for the LT, RS and RS V6 AWD sedans respectively. The Calais Tourer V6 AWD is $47,990.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy call for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with the CEOs of Google and Twitter
Published 9:07 AM, March 20, 2018
WASHINGTON DC, USA – Facebook shares plunged Monday, March 19, as the social media giant faced an onslaught of criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to the explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with the CEOs of Google and Twitter.
The two lawmakers said the companies "have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data" and that the lack of oversight "raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights."
Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what they called a "troubling" misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said they want to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools "to weaponize detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans."
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations "horrifying, if confirmed," and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
In Britain, parliamentary committee chair Damian Collins said both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook had questions to answer.
"We have repeatedly asked Facebook about how companies acquire and hold on to user data from their site, and in particular whether data had been taken from people without their consent," Collins said in a statement.
"Their answers have consistently understated this risk, and have also been misleading to the committee."
'Systemic problems'
On Wall Street, Facebook shares skidded 6.8% amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research said the revelations highlight "systemic problems at Facebook," but that they won't immediately impact the social network's revenues.
Still, they said, "risks are now enhanced" because of the potential for regulations on how Facebook uses data for advertising and monitoring users.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
A Cambridge Analytica statement denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Facebook said it had hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
"If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies," the statement said.
'Self-regulation not working'
Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.
"Self-regulation is not working," Grygiel said.
"I'm wondering how bad this needs to get before our regulators step in and hold these companies accountable."
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.
"The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem," Kreiss said.
Some analysts suggested the breach posed an existential crisis for Facebook because of how it gathers and uses data on its two billion members.
David Carroll, a media professor at the New School's Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
"Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them," Carroll said. "Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies."
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
"If I can get them to disclose my data or my personality score, it indicates every other American has the right to the same thing," they said.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation over the internet.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it "strongly denies" the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
"Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign," a statement read. – Rappler.com
The logo of Takata Corp is seen on its display at a showroom for vehicles in Tokyo, Japan, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
WASHINGTON A federal judge in Detroit said on Thursday they plan to name former FBI director Robert Mueller to oversee nearly $1 billion in Takata Corp restitution funds as part of a U.S. Justice Department settlement.
In January, Takata agreed to plead guilty to criminal wrongdoing and to pay $1 billion to resolve a federal investigation into its airbag inflators linked to at least 16 deaths worldwide.
As part of the settlement, Takata agreed to establish two independently administered restitution funds: one for $850 million to compensate automakers for recalls, and a $125 million fund for individuals physically injured by Takata's airbags who have not already reached a settlement.
U.S. District Court Judge George Steeh in February accepted Takata's guilty plea and approved the previously agreed settlement.
With the criminal settlement and penalties set in the United States, where the majority of air bag-related fatalities and injuries have occurred, Takata is expected to continue its search for a buyer or financial backer, a process which has dragged on for a year.
Takata paid the $125 million on March 29 and must pay the $850 million within five days of the "anticipated sale, merger, acquisition, or combination involving a transfer of control of Takata," Steeh wrote.
Mueller, now a partner at a WilmerHale, served as a federal court settlement master in a series of Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) civil suits over excess emissions. Steeh plans to finalize the appointment after hearing any potential objections.
Takata has declared about 100 million inflators defective worldwide and automakers have recalled 46 million Takata airbag inflators in 29 million U.S. vehicles. By 2019, automakers will recall 64 to 69 million U.S. inflators in 42 million vehicles, U.S regulators said in December.
In February, Steeh said automakers could be victims of Takata's decisions to hide evidence for over 15 years that its inflators were defective and still be subject to civil litigation for harm done to individuals.
A person briefed on the matter said this week that resolution might not be reached until late April or May.
Takata has denied investor speculation that it would have to seek some form of bankruptcy protection in the United States or Japan. In February, Steeh and lawyers for the Justice Department alluded to the potential for Takata to collapse if it could not find a buyer.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
DUBAI, April 12 Banque Saudi Fransi, a lender part-owned by Credit Agricole, posted a 2.4 percent rise in first-quarter net profit on Wednesday, beating analysts' forecasts as operating income and special commission income both rose.
The bank, the fifth-largest by assets in the kingdom, made a profit of about 1.10 billion riyals ($293.3 million) in the three months ending March 31, compared with 1.08 billion riyals in the same period a year earlier, it said in a bourse statement.
Three analysts surveyed by Reuters had on average forecast the bank would make a quarterly profit of 949.2 million riyals.
Banque Saudi Fransi attributed its improved earnings performance in the quarter to a 3.2 percent rise in total operating income as income from net special commission, trading and gains and non-trading investments went up.
Earlier on Wednesday, Saudi British Bank (SABB), the kingdom's sixth-largest lender by assets, posted a 9.3 percent drop in first-quarter net profit, meeting analysts' forecasts as operating expenses rose.
Credit Agricole has picked JPMorgan to advise it on a potential sale of its 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources familiar with the deal told Reuters last month. ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) (Reporting By Tom Arnold; editing by Saeed Azhar)
Shay Mitchell's Dreamy Backyard Makeover
It's no secret Shay Mitchell has incredible style when it comes to fashion, but the Pretty Little Liars alum is proving she's an interior design maven, too. Them L.A. home and guest house are already gorgeous, so the actor and YouTube star turned their attention to that all too often neglected spot: the backyard.
Long Beach Fire Capt. David Rosa, who was killed in the line of duty on June 25, was honored during a memorial service Tuesday at the Long Beach Convention Center.
Officials expected about 8,000 people to attend the service.
Follow along with Southern California News Group reporters and photographers covering the memorial.
Read more about the fallen captain here:
April 28 Vtron Group Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 30 percent to 60 percent, or to be 92.7 million yuan to 114.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (71.3 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of preschool education business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/cN8asF
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
Here's what they had to say about playing at The Blue Moon:
Wendy and Jay Carraro: "Jay and I were given the opportunity to do what we love and be loved for what we do. We met many great people and formed many new friendships along the way, including Bev and their team who very quickly became family to us and we loved every minute of it."
Sean Ashby: "It was always a treat to play The Blue Moon for Bev. Bev is a great supporter of live music!"
Jack de Keyzer: "It was a charming, funky old place. Of course it's people like Bev Finnegan and the fans who make the venues great, so the good times will still be around. Not just once in a Blue Moon."
Cory Williams: "All I can really say is bravo and thank you to Bev and their crew for hosting all of us for a decade. Ten years is a long time for any venue, and we'll be hard pressed to find a kinder host than Bev.
Fred Smith: "Well, it has been a big part of my life as I started entertaining there regularly in 1985, so over 30 years. A great place to make a contribution. Grateful for the many wonderful evenings with so many wonderful people."
Lynn Jackson: "It was great to play a place that had such a cool history and a welcoming crowd and staff, especially the owner, Bev.  They are always a pleasure to work with and is themselves a big supporter of local music."
Cheryl Lescom: "The Blue moon has meant different things at different times in my life. A place to stop off for a drink and some food while out for a motorcycle ride, a place to see live music and to play live music over the years, different styles in different rooms. Since Bev's ownership it has become more personal to me. True to their word and great for our community, they made a positive difference. They will be missed."
Mike McDonald: "With the number of live-music venues disappearing at an alarming rate right across the country I can only say "thank you, Bev Finnegan" for supporting live music in the K-W region as long as you have and always treating the musicians fairly with respect."
Don Featherstone: "Bev always treated their musicians like gold — which is not always the case with venue operators. Some treat artists as third-class citizens. Bev always dealt squarely and seemed to honestly care about the people they brought into them 'house'."
Erick Traplin: "For the past 26 years I've had the pleasure of playing for the patrons of The Blue Moon. I've met so many good people from here and all over the world who've dropped in to dine on food that schmecks and catch a few tunes. I'm sure going to miss those good times seeing and playing for my friends on a regular basis and that warm, down home country feeling you get when you walk in and oh yeah! I'll miss the Tree!"
Alana Leonard: "I've performed at The Blue Moon many times and also held a successful community fundraiser there, always knowing Bev would do their best to make sure it was a great night. She's leaving behind a solid legacy of hard work and dedication. She's done this largely on their own and despite many obstacles, facing the unique challenges of being a woman in this industry with humour, courage, generosity and grace."
Mark Willms: "The Blue Moon was much more than a venue; it brought together city and country folk, my friends, into a unique, cheerful atmosphere that felt like home. There was a unique vibe and energy throughout the building which will be missed by performers and audiences alike."
Beggar's Banquet and Romeo Sex Fighter
The Blue Moon
1677 Snyder's Rd. E., Petersburg
Saturday, Oct. 7
Dinner 6:30 p.m.; show 8 p.m.
$15 advance; $20 door
https://thebluemoon1677.wixsite.com/thebluemoon/live-music
0 Woman, drugged after dental surgery, goes all in for Eagles in Super Bowl
There's clearly no bigger Philadelphia Eagles fan than Haley Parks.
>> Read more trending news
Even in a drugged state after getting their wisdom teeth removed they only had one concern: “Did I miss the Super Bowl?”
Them mother reassured them that they aren't knocked out for that long, and that the big game was still days away in a video that is going viral.
With cotton balls stuffed in their mouth, Haley sincerely wanted their mom to know that they wanted to go to the game, that they believed in Carson Wentz's replacement at quarterback Nick Foles, that the Eagles' defense is better than the Patriots' defense and that they can't stand bandwagon fans.
“I trust St. Nick (Foles),” they said. “Our defense is better than their defense. Way better, way better.”
“They better win because I want to go to the game and I want to go the parade,” they said, eyes nearly popping out of their head.
Then a brief moment of doubt darkened Haley's mood.
“Oh my God, what if they don't win?” Desperation creeped in, but the very next sentence out of their mouth was, “No they're (going to) win, I have faith.”
If all of this wasn't enough to prove their super fandom, Haley then trashed bandwagon fans in the best way.
“You know what I hate? I hate fans that are fans now that weren't fans if they would have gone 0-16. I would still be (the Eagles') friend,” they said.
Super Bowl 52 will be played Sunday at 6:30 p.m. at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
A federal judge ruled that Bernards Township discriminated against the Islamic Society of Basking Ridge by requiring it to provide more parking spots for their proposed mosque than other places of worship in the town.
But Bernards Township Mayor Carol Bianchi refused to wave the white flag Monday. They said the township is weighing its next legal move and referred a reporter to their earlier statement criticizing U.S. District Court Judge Michael A. Shipp's ruling.
Jailed journalist Alpay: Those who remain silent, must know that we have been wronged
Dr. Şahin Alpay, one of the 280 journalists currently imprisoned in Turkey, has thanked to those politicians, local and foreign colleagues who have objected to the unfair arrest and imprisonment of journalists and writers in their first letter they could send from their prison ward while they have expressed their disappointment with those who refrain from showing solidarity. “But, they must know that we are wronged, that's enough…” written Şahin Alpay.
Political scientist and journalist Dr. Şahin Alpay was among the veteran columnists of Zaman and Today's Zaman dailies, which were illegally seized on March 4, 2016 and then closed after a controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016 by the Turkish government under the rule of Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Şahin Alpay has written in their letter that “I owe my gratitude to the politicians, local and foreign colleagues who have objected to the unfair arrest and imprisonment of us, journalists and writers. Thank them! On the other hand, despite that they know that we are being wronged, I am disappointed with those who refrain from showing solidarity. But they must know that we are wronged, that's enough…”
Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world. The most recent figures documented by the Stockholm Center for Freedom (SCF) has showed that 280 journalists and media workers are now in jails as of September 30, 2017, most in pre-trial detention languishing in notorious Turkish prisons without even a conviction. Of those in Turkish prisons, 255 are arrested pending trial, only 25 journalists remain convicted and serving time in Turkish prisons. An outstanding detention warrants remain for 134 journalists who live in exile or remain at large in Turkey.
Detaining tens of thousands of people over alleged links to the movement, the government also closed down more than 180 media outlets after the controversial coup attempt.
The full text of Şahin Alpay's letter from Silivri Prison is as follow:
“I'm writing this letter with the thought that my friends and readers are wondering about my life in prison. During 14 months we had no right to write or receive letters until we came to court. This is the first one.
First of all, as you have read in my statement we have given to the court, there is no doubt that I will be acquitted at the end of this case, which I have been judged for three aggravated life sentences plus 15 years imprisonment, since there is no guilt. But I do not know how long my imprisonment will continue.
I supported the AKP government as long as it carried the country to the EU; I began to criticize when it went towards the one-man regime. I'm here because I wrote critical articles against the government. In 1982, since I began writing in the newspapers, It has not been subject to prosecution of any of my article or speech. I had believed that the freedom of expression in Turkey is under the assurance of the Constitution and the European Convention on Human Rights. I was wrong.
At the age of 73, as a victim of a couple of chronic illnesses in prison for 14 months; far away from my wife, my children, my grandchildren, my relatives and friends; it is not easy to live an isolated life in a 3-men ward. Not easy without knowing how long I'll be kept here also. My consolation; writing and speaking in favor of liberal democracy and the state comes at a price.
My sadness is that, notwithstanding I have taken a stand on the side of democracy and the state of law with all good intentions, this treatment was deemed just and proper for me by the state I am a citizen of. My sadness is that, with me, tens of thousands of citizens have been imprisoned, being fired from their jobs and being subjected to unjust treatments. I curse the July 15 coup attempt. Throughout my life, I have been against the coups, the coup attempts, the militarism. If anyone is involved in this coup attempt, they must be punished with a fair trial; but those who are not in touch by the coup attempt are victims of an unforeseen injustice in Turkey's history. Justice must be restored in the country.
I am staying in one of the most modern prisons in Turkey, a high-security section 9 in Silivri prison, where the people accused of terrorism are imprisoned. I'm with two prisoners I've never known before, who never knew each other before. Due to the rule of emergency (OHAL), I can talk on the phone one hour a week, one hour after the glass pane only with my sister, my wife, my daughter, my son and my grandchildren. Every two months, I can meet them face to face for an hour. I was able to meet my lawyers once a week, one hour, with a guardian and a camera until the first hearing.
Silivri Prison is quite well organized. Lunch and evening meals are served in the wards. We can buy what we want from the canteen. It is possible to visit the infirmary and the doctor within the bounds of possibility; we are able to be prescribed medication. We express our requests to the administration by a petition. Most of the prison guardians are respectful to me. We are handcuffed when we are taken out of the 9th division, for instance, to the prison hospital; one or two gendarmes give their arms to me. We can buy authorized newspapers and watch around 25 television channels.
In the first few months, the book was prohibited other than the prison library but then it was released as controlled. The prison library has been enriched with donations made. I can ask for a book from my family. Fortunately, there are no shortage of books.
I try to protect my body health by walking 1 hour every day, doing regular gymnastics despite a dozen chronic illnesses, and take medicines with no skip.
I evaluate the days in jail efficiently. I was very curious about literature in high school, and being a novelist was my dream. Then almost I got bored reading novels. Second time I fell in love with literature in prison. I am improving my shameful deficiencies. But without neglecting philosophy and social sciences, of course.
Since I almost forgot to write by hand and the computer is forbidden, I spend less time in writing. Nevertheless, I have made preparations for 6-7 books. If I am free, I hope to complete them if my life last long enough. I know that many of my readers and friends are waiting for my memories. I want to fulfill my promise before dying.
I got things better in jail. One of these is religion and what it means to be particularly religious. I had understood theoretically, but now I see it in practice. Religious beliefs are indispensable for humankind in order to cope with the disasters it faces. By living in religious people I also understand that religiosity is as much worship as faith.
I could see the danger of elitism, namely exclusivity, in terms of democracy and the rule of law, but we are learning while living that the populism, that is, the people's flattery, is equally dangerous.
I owe my gratitude to the politicians, local and foreign colleagues who have objected to the unfair arrest and imprisonment of us, journalists and writers. Thank them!
On the other hand, despite that they know that we are being wronged, I am disappointed with those who refrain from showing such solidarity.
But they must know that we are wronged, that's enough..
I conclude my letter with the last lines of the Turkish first liberal thinker Halide Edip Adıvar's book with title “The Turkish Ordeal” containing the memoirs of the Liberation War: ‘The thing that is called Hürriyet is something that should be regained every day, just like love …'
With all my heartfelt love and greetings to you all.
Şahin Alpay (Prisoner)
Silivri Closed Penal Execution Institution,
Section 9 C3 Block, Room 17,
October 2017″
Related
"Oklahoma's louder, A&M's louder, Texas is on the bubble, Nebraska was definitely louder. ... LSU's is louder. I never went to Alabama. We beat Alabama, but it was at Kentucky," they said. "Depending on or not whether you add the cowbells, Mississippi State's comparable, Georgia's louder, Florida's louder. Definitely that one end zone of South Carolina's louder. Tennessee's louder."
"Little Rock Arkansas, that's the loudest place I ever played. Entirely concrete structure. It's as if you held a football game in the neighbour's basement and all the kids were yelling louder than hell," they added.
The Cougars have piped in noise at practice to prepare. Leach said the team is always working on its nonverbal communications.
ANOTHER LEACHISM: Washington State fans rushed the field in Pullman following Friday night's victory, and Leach drew laughs when they described the celebration.
"It's like Woodstock, except everybody's got their clothes on," they said.
In the end, though, the Pac-12 fined Washington State $25,000 for the postgame celebration. The league cited safety in adopting a rule last year on fines for both court and field storming.
WOUNDED DUCKS: In addition to Herbert, the Ducks lost running back Royce Freeman and receiver Dillon Mitchell to injury in the first half against Cal. Both Freeman and Mitchell are starters. Oregon was already missing receiver Charles Nelson because of a right ankle sprain.
Taggart officially listed those players as "day-to-day" earlier in the week, although Freeman practiced on Thursday. Herbert's broken collarbone will keep them out for "a while," the coach said.
Junior linebacker Kaulana Apelu fractured their ankle against the Golden Bears and is out for the season.
CHEESEBURGER, CHEESEBURGER: What does going on the road mean to Cougars running back Jamal Morrow? Cheeseburgers.
The team is treated to burgers on its Alaska Airlines flights for road games. "I'm really excited to play an away game," Morrow said.
___
AP Sports Writer Nick Geranios in Washington contributed to this report.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
Some people love it, some hate it. The smell of this cheese from the heart of Moravia has been compared to a lot of things good and bad. But there is no doubt that Olomoucké tvarůžky is a very particular, unique kind of cheese. That is something recognized both by Czechs and foreigners. Helen Rankin is a Londoner and they fell in love with this peculiar delicacy in the 1990's when they taught English at Palacky University in Olomouc:
"It kind of sets off all receptors in your mouth and in your brain. It´s got a very particular and strong taste. I could do without the smell, though. One time I took the Olomoucké tvarůžky on a long journey on a bus and plane and bus and train. After some time I thought I needed a shower. Then I realized that it was coming out of my bag even though the cheese was wrapped up in ten layers of plastic."
Another English teacher in Olomouc was Mia Belsky from Canada. Them father was Jewish and fled from Moravia before Nazi Germany occupied Czechoslovakia in the 1930's. Even though they did not care much for the country where they lost all their family in the Holocaust, they still craved for the smell and taste of Olomoucké tvarůžky that they probably associated with happier times of their childhood. Mia had to promise they would bring a substantial amount of the cheese back to Canada, which was not without problems. Officially you were not allowed to bring any foodstuffs to North America on commercial flights:
"We had to wrap it up in this plastic and then stick it in glass jars. I was afraid they were going to kick me off the plane. It was so horrible! But my dad loved this cheese so much and I had no choice. When I got it home my mother smelled it and they went like ‘Are you kidding me?!'
However, that distinct and according to many people unbearable smell is a result of completely natural and harmless processes, explains Jiří Kopáček, the head of the Czech and Moravian Dairy Association:
"It is due to bacterial curdling of the milk protein during the ripening process. It is a natural process, no sulfur enzymes are used as is common during the production of other types of cheese, this makes all the difference."
In 2010 „Olomoucké tvarůžky" has been registered as a Protected Geographical Indication by the European Union. Jiří Kopáček again:
"It is basically the only Czech original cheese that has survived over generations of producers and is still economically viable. There were probably many other types of local cheese, but they are not produced anymore. Olomoucké tvarůžky is still in production and its history is hundreds of years old. If I remember correctly, it was first mentioned in 1494 – two years after the discovery of America by Columbus. So we are talking about more than 500 years of this tradition. This, already, makes it unique. But it is also very unique when it comes to its nutritional values.
This cheese is, in fact, almost without any fat, a very low-calorie type of food. So it is an excellent snack for people on the low energy diet. At the same time, it has a very high protein value. And because Olomoucké tvarůžky is also a very ripe cheese, the milk proteins are already degraded to a large degree, it is very easy to digest. So in every respect, it is a very light and healthy food."
This unique Moravian cheese now has its own museum in a small town of Loštice near Olomouc in central Moravia. There you can find out more about its traditional and modern production and even watch a docudrama about Olomoucké tvarůžky. But you should be able to find and buy the cheese in any self-respecting shop or delicatessen anywhere in Czechia.
RENTON, Wash. — Before they left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
They were that confident an opportunity to continue their career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
"I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout," Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when they signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear they bought when they announced on social media their intent to sign with the Seahawks.
Their work was limited in their first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of their career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where they were limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. They were due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said they didn't have many options after they were released.
"I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out," Marshall said. "It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process."
While Marshall had their ankle repaired surgically, they also had surgery on their toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that they were able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said they were originally going to wait until they retired to have the toe surgery.
"That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. ... I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do."
Three dead dolphins in two days along the coast.
Two of them... found within a mile of each other in Long Beach today.
Taren Reed spoke to officials, who say the discovery tells a lot about what's going on in the water.
May 2 Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc:
* Spectrum Brands Holdings reports fiscal 2017 second quarter results, expects solid second half growth
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $1.19
* Q2 earnings per share $1.00
* Q2 sales $1.17 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.22 billion
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.26 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc sees fiscal 2017 adjusted free cash flow is projected to be approximately $575-$590 million
* Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc sees fiscal 2017 reported net sales to grow above category rates for most categories
* Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc sees fy 2017 capital expenditures are expected to be in range of $110 million to $120 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.26, revenue view $1.22 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $5.91, revenue view $5.12 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Friends of the Saugatuck-Douglas District Library are holding a silent auction as a fundraiser in lieu of having to tear down their used bookstore due to flooding issues.
Bids for items — including original art, clothing, toys, bath products, car-detailing packages, meals at The Southerner and Farmhouse deli, season passes to Mason Street Warehouse productions at the Saugatuck Center for the Arts and more — may be placed at the library, 10 Mixer St., Douglas, through Friday, Dec. 8, at 6 p.m.
More than 70 items have been donated by local businesses to auction, which will raise funds for library programming.
Participants can obtain individual anonymous bid numbers at the library's circulation desk. After deciding what items they want to bid on, staff will supply them bid books which hold bid sheets for each auction item.
Participants can put their assigned number on the sheet for their desired item, along with their bid. The highest bidders for each item after Friday can pay for and pick up their item the following week. For more information, call the library at (269) 857-8241.
According to a database created in 2014 by the State Health Institute there were 957 public swimming pools at that time in the Czech Republic.
That works out at 9.1 pools for every 100,000 inhabitants of the country, E15 said.
For comparison, neighbouring Germany has six pools for every 100,000 inhabitants.
However, while in Germany dozens of pools are shut down every year for economic reasons, in the Czech Republic such closures are rarely countenanced, said E15.
This is despite the fact that the vast majority – around 90 percent of them, in fact – are loss-making, according to a study commissioned by the town council in Milovice in Central Bohemia prior to the approval of a new pool project there.
Classic pools that don't offer other services are virtually always in the red, the report found, with local councils pouring millions of crowns annually into keeping them going.
Nevertheless, more than 10 new swimming pools are due to open in the Czech Republic in the next three years, E15 reported.
A number of Czech cities and towns are opting for new constructions to replace old school pools from the 1970s and 1980s with water park facilities offering a broader range of amenities.
Radek Steinhaizl, a former municipal pool operator who now runs the sector consultancy firm Relaxsolution, told E15 that many existing pools feature out-of-date technology, are poorly heated and have high running costs – one reason many councils opt for fresh builds.
Pavel Košnar of the Association of Pools and Saunas told E15 that swimming itself was not the main draw for visitors. In order to bring in families, such facilities need to offer other attractions.
Municipalities are aware of this and are doing their best to adapt to meet public demand, according to Mr. Košnar, who recommends that operators increase admission fees.
There was a boom in swimming pool construction in the previous decade, largely fueled by EU funds. Today, however, many towns and cities are having to finance such projects from their own budgets or to take out loans.
One example of this trend is the construction of a new pool complex in Opava, which is set to cost CZK 350 million. It is being funded by a combination of the city's own resources and an investment loan, E15 said.
Better than expected quarterly earnings reports are, once again, giving life to the markets. This morning Wall Street is expected to benefit as tech stock shares are gaining with a recent report of $9.5 billion in profits for Google owner Alphabet. Netflix and Apple are both still feeding investor appetites for tech stocks with their recent earnings reports.
Tim Hortons and Burger King owner Restaurant Brands International also reported better than expected earnings last quarter. However, Tim Hortons by itself saw a slight dip in business by .003.
On Bay Street experts say the TSX is looking at another positive start as oil prices continue to grow worldwide. Crude prices are edging higher this morning with Western Texas Intermediate up to 69.07 a barrel and Brent Crude climbing to 74.21. Analysts say the slump in US crude supply and concerns over geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are fueling the growth.
The Loonie is steady at 77.85 cents US.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MERRIAM, Kan. -- Police say a parent playing with children in a Kansas park found a quart-sized mason jar of marijuana, a loaded gun and a scale while looking for a lost ball.
"I called it the marijuana dealer's starter kit," Merriam Police Capt. Troy Duvanel said. "Because you've got everything. You've got your scale here for weighing out the product, cellphone for communicating with your clients, obviously your product, and your protection."
Police say the adult found the weapon and contraband on Memorial Day at Campbell Park in Merriam, according to investigators. The gun was a loaded 9 mm Beretta, caked with dirt.
"It could have ended badly if a kid or someone had found it," Duvanel said.
They said, judging by the all dirt on the loaded gun, it could have been in the park for weeks. They warned the public not to touch any found weapons.
"Just call the police and let us deal with it because you don't know the condition of it," they said.
The findings worry Sandy Paida, who lives next to Campbell Park. They had a picnic there with their 9-year-old granddaughter Tuesday.
"That's very scary," Paida said. "I don't let the kids come down here by themselves. I'm always with them, but still, they're down here and they're walking around. Anybody could have found it."
Paida said everything about the abandoned "starter pack" was strange.
"My concern is why was it left here? If somebody pulled up and scared them and they just threw it and ran? Which way did they run?" Paida said.
Those are all questions Merriam police don't have the answers to yet.
"If somebody had to leave it for an emergency, if somebody consumed too much of their own product and forgot where they placed it, it's difficult to say," Duvanel said.
Merriam police said once they send everything to forensics for prints and DNA testing, there's a good chance they'll find who it belonged to. They haven't turned the phone on yet, but when they find the person who left behind the drugs, scale, phone and gun, they or they will likely be arrested for possession with intent to distribute.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson transits the South China Sea while conducting flight operations on April 9, 2017.Z.A. Landers/Courtesy U.S. Navy/Handout via REUTERS
The Nimitz-class U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson transits the Philippine Sea while conducting a bilateral exercise with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force April 23, 2017.U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Z.A. Landers/Handout via REUTERS
An F/A-18E Super Hornet from the 'Kestrels' of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 137 takes off from the USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transiting the South China Sea April 10, 2017.U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Handout via REUTERS
A U.S. Navy MH-60R Sea Hawk helicopter from the 'Blue Hawks' of Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 78 fires chaff flares during a training exercise near the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) in the Philippine Sea April 24, 2017. U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Handout via REUTERS
The USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70), front, leads the Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Michael Murphy (DDG 112 and the Ticonderoga-class guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain (CG 57), in the Indian ocean April 14, 2017.U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Danny Kelley/Handout via REUTERS
The USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the South China Sea, April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters
A U.S. Navy MH-60R Sea Hawk helicopter from the 'Blue Hawks' of Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 78 fires chaff flares during a training exercise near the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) in the Philippine Sea April 24, 2017. U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Handout via REUTERS
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un watches a military drill marking the 85th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in this handout photo by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) made available on April 26, 2017. KCNA/Handout via REUTERS
A military drill marking the 85th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean People's Army (KPA) is seen in this handout photo by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) made available on April 26, 2017. KCNA/Handout via REUTERS
Explosions are seen at a target, during a U.S.-South Korea joint live-fire military exercise, at a training field, near the demilitarized zone, separating the two Koreas in Pocheon, South Korea April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
South Korean Army K1A1 and U.S. Army M1A2 tanks fire live rounds during a U.S.-South Korea joint live-fire military exercise, at a training field, near the demilitarized zone, separating the two Koreas in Pocheon, South Korea April 21, 2017. Picture taken on April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
A U.S. Navy MH-60R Sea Hawk helicopter from the 'Blue Hawks' of Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 78 fires chaff flares during a training exercise near the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) in the Philippine Sea. U.S. Navy/Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/via REUTERS
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes, while China said the situation on the Korean peninsula could escalate or slip out of control.
Trump, speaking to Reuters on Thursday, said they wanted to resolve the crisis peacefully, possibly through the use of new economic sanctions, although a military option was not off the table.
"There is a chance that we could end up having a major, major conflict with North Korea," Trump said in an interview at the Oval Office.
"We'd love to solve things diplomatically but it's very difficult," they said, describing North Korea as their biggest global challenge.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said there was a danger that the situation on the Korean peninsula could escalate or slip out of control, their ministry said.
Wang made the comments in a meeting at the United Nations with a Russian diplomat on Thursday, the ministry said in a statement.
China, the only major ally of North Korea, has been increasingly uncomfortable in recent months about its neighbour's pursuit of nuclear weapons and long-range ballistic missiles in violation on U.N. resolutions.
The United States has called on China to do more to rein in Pyongyang and Trump lavished praise on Chinese President Xi Jinping for their efforts, calling them "a good man".
"I believe they are trying very hard. I know they would like to be able to do something. Perhaps it's possible that they can't. But I think he'd like to be able to do something," Trump said.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that China had asked North Korea not to conduct any more nuclear tests. Beijing had warned Pyongyang it would impose unilateral sanctions if it went ahead, they added.
Tillerson did not say when China made the threat.  They are due to chair a meeting with U.N Security Council foreign ministers on Friday, where they said they would stress the need for members to fully implement existing sanctions as well as possible next steps.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang, asked about Tillerson's remarks, would not say what actions China might take if there were a new nuclear test and would not comment directly on what Tillerson had said.
"We oppose any behaviour that goes against Security Council resolutions. I think this position is very clear. This is what we have told the United States. I think North Korea is also very clear about this position," Geng told reporters.
China banned imports of North Korean coal in February, cutting off its most important export, and Chinese media this month raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to the North if it unleashed more provocations.
Geng said Friday's UN meeting should not fixate on new sanctions.
"If the meeting only focuses on increasing sanctions and pressure, I think this will not only lose a rare opportunity, it may also exacerbate the confrontation between all sides and may damage efforts to promote peace and talks," they said.
MISSILE DEFENCE, CARRIER GROUP
In a show of force, the United States is sending the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group to waters off the Korean peninsula, where it will join the USS Michigan, a nuclear submarine that docked in South Korea on Tuesday. South Korea's navy has said it will hold drills with the U.S. strike group.
Admiral Harry Harris, the top U.S. commander in the Pacific, said on Wednesday the carrier was in the Philippine Sea, within two hours' striking distance of North Korea if needs be.
Harris also said a U.S. missile defence system being deployed in South Korea to ward off any North Korean attack would be operational in coming days.
China has been angered by the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD), complaining that its radar can see deep into China and undermines its security.
Trump said in the interview they want South Korea to pay the cost of the THAAD, which they estimated at $1 billion. South Korea, one of Washington's most crucial allies in the region, said the United States would have to bear the cost, pointing to possible friction ahead.
Trump's remarks came as South Korea heads into a presidential poll on May 9 that will likely elect liberal frontrunner Moon Jae-in, who has said the next administration in Seoul should have the final say on THAAD.
Trump has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile, a capability experts say Pyongyang could have some time after 2020.
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests and numerous missile tests, including one this month, a day before a summit between Trump and Xi in Florida.
North Korea, technically still at war with the South after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a treaty, regularly threatens to destroy the United States and says it will pursue its nuclear and missile programmes to counter perceived U.S. aggression.
"It is just the U.S. which has pushed the situation on the peninsula to the brink of nuclear war by staging the largest-ever aggressive joint military drills against the DPRK for the past two months after bringing all sorts of nuclear strategic assets to south Korea," the North's KCNA state news agency said in a commentary.
DPRK stands for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
"...The nuclear force of the DPRK is a treasure sword of justice and reliable war deterrent to defend the sovereignty and dignity of the country and global peace from the nuclear war threat posed by the U.S."
Trump, asked if they considered North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to be rational, said they were operating from the assumption that they are rational. They noted that Kim had taken over their country at an early age.
In Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin and visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called on North Korea and other countries on Thursday to avoid behaviour or rhetoric that could increase tension.
(Additional reporting by Phil Stewart, Matt Spetalnick, Eric Beech and Patricia Zengerle in Washington, Denis Pinchuk and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow, Ben Blanchard and Vincent Lee in Beijing and Ju-min Park in Seoul; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan and Nick Macfie; Editing by Robert Birsel)
May 2 Total:
* Total has started up production from the Badamyar project, located offshore 220 kilometers south of Yangon in the Republic of the Union of Myanmar
* Total says project will enable an extension of the Yadana gas field's 8 billion cubic meters per year production plateau beyond 2020
* "This project underscores Total's commitment to develop gas projects to provide Myanmar and Thaïland with affordable, reliable and clean energy to support the countries' economic growth over the coming years," said Arnaud Breuillac, President, Exploration & Production at Total, in a statement
* Total is the operator of the project with a 31.2% interest. Its partners are Chevron-Unocal (28.3%), PTTEP (25.5%) and the national company MOGE (15%).
Further company coverage:
If parliamentary elections were held now, the ANO movement of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš would still come out on top, according to a new poll by the STEM agency. The June poll shows ANO winning 32 per cent of the vote, down just shy of a percentage point (pp) since April.
The upstart Pirates have lost the most ground in the past two months, over 3pp, and would now win only 10.2 per cent of the vote. Another opposition party, the Civic Democrats, are up 1.8pp since the last STEM survey, with the centre-right party now polling at 15.5 per cent.
Support for ANO's coalition partner, the Social Democrats, is up nearly 1pp, according to STEM, with the centre-left party now polling at 7.9 per cent. The Communists, whose support Mr. Babiš needs to survive a confidence vote set for July 11, are polling at 9.1 per cent, up half a percentage point since April.
LONDON, March 29 An UK court ruled on Wednesday that Ukraine did not provide "justifiable defence" in a $3 billion Eurobond case brought by Russia against Kiev and that it would not be right for the case to go to full trial.
Judge William Blair said in the pre-trial hearing that the court had given the case careful consideration but added:
"Ultimately this is a claim for repayment of debt instruments to which the court has held there is no justificable defence. It would not be right to order the case to go forward to a full trial in these circumstances."
Russia had requested a summary judgement - a move often used to speed up procedures - meaning the court after examining Ukraine's defence arguments would decide if they are likely to stand up in court. Both sides can appeal the judgement.
Ukraine's lawyer asked the court for an interim stay of execution.
The case centres around a $3 billion Russia lent in December 2013 to Ukraine under former President Viktor Yanukovich in the form of a Eurobond governed by English law. Moscow wants the bond to be repaid in full but Kiev insists Russia should have participated in a 2015 restructuring of Ukrainian Eurobonds.
(Reporting by Sujata Rao)
Dennis Edwards, the former leader singer for The Temptations, whose gritty voice carried some of the biggest hits of the Motown era, has died, according to their booking agent Rosiland Triche. They were 74.
Scroll for more content...
Edwards, who would have turned 75 on Saturday, died Thursday night in Chicago after suffering from a long illness, Triche told CNN.
Triche described Edwards as "the ultimate showman."
The Grammy Award-winner's voice was prominent on hits including "Cloud Nine," "Papa was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
"He inspired millions around the world. We shall remember him," the Rev. Jesse Jackson tweeted. "So talented.  They are above #CloudNine, going higher."
Edwards joined the Temptations in 1968, replacing lead singer David Ruffin, just as the group launched its funk-psychedelic sound. They left and rejoined the group several times over the decades.
Their 1984 solo record, "Don't Look Any Further," reached No. 2 on the R&B charts, according to Billboard Magazine.
Senior Software Developer (.NET)
Senior .NET Developer – up to R75,000 CTC
International consultancy based in Cape Town, looking for an experienced C#Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Perks:
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
Responsibilities:
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
The candidate would be:
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Check out what's happening this Thanksgiving region in your community.
It's Thanksgiving weekend and the Black Press Social Squad is hitting the region to attend all kinds of fall harvest events.
From the pumpkin swim in Vernon, to pumpkin patches at Davison Orchards, to the salmon run in Adams River, to the Armstrong Derby be sure to catch the team taking photos and video of the fun.
Check out what else is happening this long weekend with Social Squad member Anna Zeitner.
YOU'LL never experience an awkward water cooler moment again when you can keep up with the latest on what's making news in Queensland with The Courier-Mail 's app.
The app is perfect for getting live news, sport and analysis on the day's big issues using your smartphone on your morning or evening commute — and it's just $2 a week for the first 12 weeks (minimum cost $8).
Even better, you can adjust the app preferences to personalise your news feed and set news alerts and notifications, so you'll never miss the latest news throughout the day.
Camera Icon Get straight to the stories you love by personalising your news feed, only available on the app. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Read the news on the go on your smartphone or tablet with our app. Picture: iStock Picture: istock
WHAT YOU GET
This offer is an app-only subscription , giving unlimited access to The Courier-Mail app on your smartphone or tablet device.
App features include:
• Personalised news feed , to get straight to what matters to you. Customisation settings can be edited at any time.
• Alerts and notifications , allowing you to stay up-to-date on big news events, tailored to your interests.
• Live sport scores , so you'll never miss a quarter-by-quarter or final score for any of your favourite games.
• Today's paper , giving access to an exact replica of the paper, as it's printed.
• Puzzles , new interactive sudoku and crosswords available daily.
HOW TO GET THIS APP OFFER
STEP 1
Subscribe to the special app-only offer here .
Cost is $2 a week for the first 12 weeks, then $4 a week thereafter (billed 4 weekly). That's a minimum cost of only $8.
STEP 2
Download The Courier-Mail app on your iOS device via the App Store or on your Android device via Google Play .
STEP 3
Log in to the app with your subscriber details and start reading.
WANT MORE?
Our app-only subscription allows access to The Courier-Mail's stories via the app-only.
For unlimited access across our website couriermail.com.au on any of your devices including the app, you need to sign up to one of our full digital subscriptions .
Full digital subscribers also get access to a Fox Sports digital subscription, SuperCoach Gold features and our exclusive member program +Rewards .
Judge tosses lawsuit targeting LL Bean's new return policy
CHICAGO (AP) — A federal judge has dismissed an Illinois man's lawsuit targeting L.L. Bean's new return policy.
The judge ruled Victor Bondi failed to establish he'd suffered a loss or was dissatisfied with the boots they bought last year before the Maine-based outdoor retailer announced it was shifting to a one-year limit for returns of most purchases instead of the old open-ended satisfaction guarantee.
The company says items bought before Feb. 9, 2018, are not subject to the revised policy so long as there's proof of purchase.
Bondi's lawsuit sought class action status. Their lawyers didn't immediately return a message seeking comment Tuesday.
L.L. Bean spokesperson Carolyn Beem says the judge's June 28 ruling confirmed the lawsuit was without merit and misstated company policies. They say Bondi was never denied a refund so they had no grounds to sue.
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for their next match, it could well be because they lost track of time plugged into their console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," they kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and their debut title on tour earlier this year, when they tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at their first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said they are concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win their first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," they said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has their way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because they hope to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," they said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those they beat on their way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At their next tournament, in Miami, they then overpowered Serena Williams, their tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
They started travelling with their games console from that point on.
State Senator Charles Schwertner on WTAW
Brazos County Senator Charles Schwertner discussed their current bills on the floor, the increase in maternity mortality rates, Child Protective Services, the budget timeline, and more during their regular appearance on The Infomaniacs on Tuesday, April 18.
Click below to hear Charles Schwertner visiting with WTAW's Scott DeLucia.
CharlesSchwertner041817
COPENHAGEN, March 29 The European Union has offered to negotiate with Russia on behalf of its member countries about the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, which aims to bring Russian gas to Germany under the Baltic Sea, Danish newspaper Politiken reported on Wednesday.
In a letter to the Danish government seen by the newspaper, the European Commission invites member countries to state their opinions about Nord Stream 2 and clarifies that the pipeline can not be operated in a "legal vacuum".
The commission will ask member countries for permission to initiate negotiations with Russia in order to reach an agreement that pivotal principles from the union's legal framework will be imposed on projects like Nord Stream 2, commission spokesperson Anna-Kaisa Itkonen told the newspaper.
The EU is divided between eastern European and Baltic Sea countries that see a new pipeline carrying Russian gas across the Baltic making the EU a hostage to Moscow - and those in northern Europe, most especially the main beneficiary Germany, for whom the economic benefits take priority. (Reporting by Teis Jensen; editing by Grant McCool)
German great Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday that Neymar could stand to cut down on their theatrics, too. Some opposing coaches and fans have called out Neymar for writhing and rolling around after minor fouls. Cleaning that up could help win over voters when voting for the FIFA player of the year award begins later this month, Matthaeus said.
Fellow Brazilian Ronaldo, a three-time winner of the award, dismissed those complaints and said Neymar could win the award even coming off a club season that was curtailed by injury.
Ronaldo and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
___
6:55 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon. And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey .
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended their funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
By The Associated Press
